"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "adityayadav969952" 2014-06-24 "must watch "
"2" "kosmowsky" 2014-06-21 "I must confess I was a bit bored by this episode. I was waiting for the action to switch to a different place on Westeros and it took my a while to see that we really were stuck with the Night Watch and the battle for a whole episode. I guess I didn't like it much because I get bored with long battles ( the worst thing in the Lord of the Ring films were the endless battles). I was wishing for them to get it over with and just tell me how it all ends. The quiet scenes in between on the other hand were nice, esp the scenes with Sam, who really is such a loyal and moral character and the best of the bunch, but the endless scenes of showing me how to kill someone in battle was just boring for me. I guess some viewers find this exciting, but it is just not my cup of tea. I think this was the worst episode in an otherwise good season and if I got this season on DVD I might just scip  this episode and not watch it again. "
"3" "Neksmater" 2014-06-16 "Game of Thrones decided to give us an entire episode devoted to one location, clearly emulating season 2's phenomenal \"Blackwater,\" and even getting that episode's director Neil Marshall (Dog Soldiers, the Descent) to return to helm the mega-budget combat episode at Castle Black. Spending an entire 50 minutes on the Wall gave us some much needed adrenaline in a side of the land of ice and fire that often feels tertiary in most episodes where the big events are more reserved for King's Landing. Seeing the events come from the page with a slight twist proved effective as the main gate of Castle Black was breached by the Wildlings south of the Wall who Jon had climbed with. Led by the Thenns, Ygritte, and Tormund Giantsbane they seemingly slaughter many a \"crow\" as they put it. With the logistics of having only 102 Night's Watch and making a mental tally of the remainder after the castle is secured doesn't leave many standing who aren't wounded or incapacitated in some way by episode's end. The true spectacle of the episode comes from the giants on mammoths riding to tear the outer gate of the Wall down to make way for Mance's 100,000. It was also satisfying to see Ser Alliser and Jon come to some sort of agreement over their mutual disdain for one another but they're still united against the threats to the Wall. Seeing Ser Alliser tear down many a Wildling was also satisfying, even going toe to toe with Tormund at one point. Whether his injury was fatal or not remains to be seen but in the books he rises again. Seeing the nobler side of Alliser makes him much more sympathetic while the slimy roach that is Janos Slynt hides away in the corner of the castle with Gilly and Craster Jr. (named Sam? I think so) so he will surely face justice for deserting. I also dig seeing Sam in action and not succumbing to his \"I'm so weak and fat\" self that he was in Season 1. His character evolution makes sense and has been organically grown since his massive confidence boost of slaying the White Walker last season. Also, nice crossbow shot. Jon had to watch as Ygritte hesitates to shoot him before getting an arrow put through her and she states that they \"should've stayed in the cage\" because their love was surely doomed given how they were destined to remain loyal to what they truly were. Sad to see her go but it was a very effective moment. Also great big shout out to the dearly departed Grenn and Pyp (one of whom successfully inspired 6 to take on the giant in the tunnel and securing the inner gate of the wall offscreen sadly though). But the Wall stands and Jon now walks outside the gate after giving his sword to Sam to hold onto since he promised Mormont that he wouldn't lose it. Jon's exact plan isn't clear but this isn't how it played out in the book but the surprise visitor to the Wall will be dropping light lightning next time and I couldn't be more excited to see how that plays out. An excellent, combat filled episode that (while not quite the majestic in terms of scale as Blackwater) still held its own with Marshalls stunning use of a 360 shot of total combat and the signature gory battles that GOT is known for. This episode really reinvigorated the Wall as a major plot point and gave us a healthy dose of tragedy, combat, some humor, and of course a giant scything anchor that cut some Wildlings to ribbons. Can't wait for the finale next week (although sadly the ten episode cycle will be over) but it will be nice to see where this and the rest of the remaining threads this season end up.  Note: How cool was it to see Jon slay seven Wildlings in a row while jumping out of that elevator, and Ghost even got in a throat rip, good dog."
"4" "thefanof" 2014-06-16 "Just an incredible, incredible episode of television! It was almost total action from start to finish and showed why all of the build-up from the past few seasons has meant something. Loved the fight scenes, and the emotional goodbye for Snow and Ygritte. "
"5" "poltergeistgu" 2014-06-13 "No, I'm not \"missing the point\". Don't drag out the Prometheus argument: \"You didn't like the thing I like, therefore you can't be as smart as me, so you must just be raging because you never \"got it\" cus I think it's awesome\" I wouldn't call it BAD. It was still better than watching Youtube videos. (Which, these days, just means watching annoying wannabes talking about stuff that's popular and trying to skim off some of the popularity for themselves)  But everyone has their favourite characters, locations, story arcs, etc, and the stuff happening at and beyond the wall, for me, ranks barely above the annoying blonde girl and her CGI dragons. I know that eventually the whole show will be about bad CGI dragons and bad CGI wight walkers, but not yet please gods, not yet.  Still, it always amazes me how the writers of the show consistently correct the poor writing of the books. I think the one and only thing I think that worked better in the books was Ser Barristan's identity in Essos remaining a secret from Dany and Co. For a while.  If the series were a faithful adaptation of the books, each episode would be a 20 minute description of people eating vaguely medieval sounding food, followed by a 30 minute description of what everyone in the room is wearing. "
"6" "gpph" 2014-06-13 "Any episode focused entirely on the Wall is gonna require a lot of action to make up for its shortage of good characters. You've got Ygritte with her catchphrase, Jon with his precociousness, Sam with his mousy innocence, Alliser Thorne with two dimensions (although he has a third dimension here, hurriedly-added)... Compare those characters with Arya, who has a more discernible and unique arc. Or (if like me you don't really care about arcs and such) compare them with my favorite characters, Tywin and Olena, who are constantly plotting and outwitting each other.  Luckily, this climax does indeed have action. More specifically, it has action done right: new developments and increasing stakes every few minutes to balance the mind-numbing fighting. Pair that with some simply stellar cinematography, and you've got an episode that more than makes up for its lack of strong characters. Probably it was all enhanced by watching with a group that was always going, \"No! Look out!\" and predicting the next lines. "
"7" "dolphin_intern" 2014-06-12 "This episode was the culmination of events stemming from Season 2 when Jon first met Ygritte when he and his fellow 'Crows' ambushed her camping with her fellow 'Free Folk'.  Everything has been building to this point especially after Jon met Mance.  This battle was unavoidable and I don't understand the griping as it was a masterpiece from start to finish.  This also was the biggest focal point of Book 3 by the way and there's still more to come. Neil Marshall did an excellent job directing this episode and the fight sequences were so well choreographed.  I couldn't be happier with how this episode turned out. For those that are saying Ygritte's death didn't have much potency because they were separated for almost a season I say bollocks to that! You have to remember this is TV and it's being adapted from a material where you can get instant gratification. For myself it didn't feel that long as I have read the books and of course in the book it all of this took place within about 400 pages but most non book readers also have to remember that certain characters like Bran, Brienne and Pod are already in their respective Book 4 and 5 story lines.  I don't care what the haters say this episode was one of the best of the series and definitely can stand with the rest of the penultimate episodes."
"8" "matthewjennings359" 2014-06-10 "For people who didn't think this episode important, here's a reminder. Mance Rayder commands over 100,000 wildlings including GIANTS! What dol you think would have happened if they had taken theWall? The armies of the North are scattered and broken, the Riverlands are a smoking ruin, the Crown and the Lannisters are broke. Who would be left to stop this army who's one goal is to move as far south as humanly possible? Tyrion and Arya would be on a Thenn's dinner plate before Dany ever made it back to Westeros.  Also, you should be grateful this battle was different than the book version. All the Night's Watch just sitting in towers with bows would have been extremely boring to watch on television.  One more thing, remember when Sam said in season 1 \"He's grooming you for  Yea, we just got a glimpse of Jon's command capabilities.  The Wall is the most important structure in the entire Game of Thrones universe. Maybe it's got weak characters guarding it, but they deserve recognition for their just being there. (my heartbreak over Grenn's death is killing me)"
"9" "mrspock68" 2014-06-09 "I see that a lot of people didn't like this episode, but I thought it was great... I think you all miss the intense drama and shocking twists... so do I... that's what makes GoT an awesome series. This episode alone could never make Got. But, it's not turning into an action series, so relax everyone. People who have read the books say that this battle in an important event in the story, so let's see..."
"10" "times_in" 2014-06-09 "Yea the fighting and all was good. But seriously, what has it got to do with the entire season? All the build up of the wildlings, really did`nt do much, because by the end of episode, they ran back... The watchers won, but only for a while. It makes no sense. This seemed more like a filler episode which was supposed to be in the top 4 episodes of the season, not the penultimate which should have otherwise consisted of plots and action for all the 7 kingdoms leading to the finale."
"11" "mysteriousopal" 2014-06-09 "I really enjoyed this episode, had a slow build up and a really good finish. The battle was awesome and I loved to see the giants and mammoths. "
"12" "KingofRogues" 2014-06-09 "Im sure the books must have had a more meaningful representation of what all happened in this episode.  First of all.  I really liked this episode, but it lost a lot of points for their CGI effects.  The CGI effects themselves were good, ( I think ).  It was so dark, well it had to be to cover up the CGI effects of the giants and all.  It makes for a difficult episode to watch.  But once i got over that, i enjoyed the episode.  And as i was saying, Im sure the book had meaning between John Snow and the Red head wild-ling, I just have no clue what it might be.  Makes me wonder what all the buildup was for.  I also have no idea why the wild-lings are attacking.  Did they explain it somewhere.  THEY DID explain that there is an Undead army also headed for the wall.  But they are slow moving, i think the wild-lings even passed them on their way."
"13" "jackcomp" 2014-06-09 "But all in all it was a good representation. More to come  best part at least. "
