"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "thefanof" 2014-06-16 "Good to see the White Walkers make an appearance here. Solid episode, but it was lacking some key developments for some characters."
"2" "islamazo" 2013-07-29 "waaaaaaaaw"
"3" "ionee24" 2013-05-30 "It was one of those great stories, that you can't put down at night, but the reason Arya smiled is the reason  she once sulked too. For her hero was the Hound and he was carrying her back home. One shot at killing him he gives, several reasons not to as well, his food to share and  their despise for the  Brotherhood and the Lannisters alike.  Stranger things than a pack of two neither of them has seen, yet they remain one for the time being.    Sansa's wedding is an entirely different matter. If there's one thing worse than being alone, is to be with someone who makes you feel lonely. For Tyrion failed attempt at intimacy with his wife contrasts the intimacy achieved by Jaime and Brienne, yet the effort is no lost on Shae,  the groom's only victory the fact that he hasn't lost her.    I wish it were that simple for Sam, but the night is dark and full of terrors. And no matter how powerful Gendry's blood may be, some of those terrors are coming  for Gilly's baby  tonight.  Stannis is too preocupied,  Daenerys is taking a bath,  the King in the North and the one in King's Landing are too bussy with weddings and Sam is all there is to chase the shadows away. "
"4" "Arska" 2013-05-24 "Pretty solid episode. I have trouble ranking the episodes against each other so I'm not even going to try. This episode featured one of the three weddings from a Storm of Swords and even though it wasn't as I had imagined it when I read the book, this adaptation was amazing. Acting was great, especially on Peter Drunklage's (Stole that from a comment in IGN) behalf. Millions of viewers sighed with relief when Tyrion said that he wasn't going to sleep with the 14 year-old Sansa. When Tyrion passes out he doesn't have a blanket but when he wakes up he has. It is official, at least in my head, that Sansa covered Tyrion off-screen. Maybe as a \"Thank you for not forcing me to have sex with you\"-gesture. All the compliments to the God of Tits and Wine. And Sophie Turner's facial expressions when Tyrion is dringing are priceless. Davos and Stannis returned and we got a lot of Dragonstone plot. Davos is now a...... Capable reader... Gendry is a sacrificial lamb that isn't sacrificed because of Davos' commoner-psychiatric skills as he realizes that Stannis doesn't want to sacrifice an innocent boy for his cause. We also learned that sleeping with one woman = leech in penis, sleeping with two = castration. Sam and Gilly are still on their way to the Wall and are attacked by a White Walker. The White Walker destroys Sam's sword with its bare hands and doesn't stop until Sam stabs him with a dragonglass dagger. Sam's skills with a dagger doesn't leave the White Walker cold and he proceeds to crackle and melt on the ground. Pretty great episode. We had a quick scene with Daenerys as well. She gets more people for her army. But to be honest the scenes were a bit too dull for my taste. Her story didn't progress a bit, the variables just changed. "
"5" "Shane747" 2013-05-21 "This episode only showed 5 of the 10 main storylines this season, and it was a better episode for it. Game of Thrones is at it's best when there is a sense of progression, when each episode tells a full story and progresses the tale. the drama at Dragonstone and Kings landing in particular is very interesting. And after all that drama, there was a nice little bit of action in the end. The acting, writing and directing of this episode was top notch."
"6" "Neksmater" 2013-05-21 "It's a sad day when you realize that an episode marks only two more on the docket of that year's 10 episode order. And so \"Second Sons\" made strides sure to see to the set-ups of the ends of many characters stories for the season finale since Season 4 will encompass the 2nd half of Martin's third book in the series, a Storm of Swords. Being mindful that once next year comes and goes we will be dangerously close to catching up with Martin in the series narrative and him still having a great deal with two books still to put out. The Riverlands Alas no Robb or Catelyn this week as their excusion to the Twins for Edmure's wedding is only mentioned in passing by the Hound riding on horseback with Arya after her failed attempt to try and cave his skull in with a rock. He is right when he tells her that it could be worse in terms of being held prisoner by someone else since he only wants the gold that comes with her delivery to Robb Stark and little else given his hatred for all things King's Landing now. North of the Wall Sam and Gilly find themselves a nice little cabin in the woods where they can rest. Sam begins to talk too much when he gets under the covers with Gilly given the physical possibilities and his oath. When his talk gets too annoying Gilly gets up to start a fire herself. But when a murder of crows come a squawking outside Sam sees a white walker approaching to take the baby (who has no name) and he tells Gilly to run. He holds out his sword all cowardly like and the Other simply does the blade freezy thing from Season 1 that we saw. But as the Other closes the distance to Gilly and child he pulls out the dragon glass dagger from the Fist of the First Men and the Other cracks and explodes in a great visual effects spectacle. Go Sam! Except he didn't take the dagger with him as he ran in to the night with Gilly, you'd think he'd want to hang onto it. Dragonstone We finally got to see Davos and Stannis share a scene together since the season opener, both have been used sparingly this season, and that Stannis will release him as long as he vows to never raise arms against Melisandre again. She, however, shows Gendry around Dragonstone as a noble guest with his own room and everything. She tells him of the power of King's Blood as Robert's blood flows through his veins. The disparity in the Davos/Stannis scene that was in the books was Stannis's reluctance to sacrifice the book's Edric Storm (another of Robert's bastards) was more out in the open but for the sake of compression of character arcs his not-so-sure and only apparent to Davos reluctance on the matter of sacrificing an innocent are apparent and using Davos's counsel to talk himself out of it. Melisandre makes Gendry comfortable by undressing herself and having intercourse with him on her bed where she ties his arms and legs and puts leeches (one guess where) on his body to get his blood while Davos and Stannis enter to give Davos an \"example of the Lord of Light's  Even though Davos had already seen the shadow baby, I don't really see how he can need more convincing, althought Stephen Dillane's delivery of the names of other Kings to be struck down as he threw the leeches into the fire was brilliant \"Balon Greyjoy, Robb Stark, Joffrey  More red magic can only mean bad things to ensue on the parts of all those Stannis named but poor Gendry. Yunkai Daenerys meets with the captains of the mercenary band the Second Sons, who number 2,000 soldiers, who have been hired by the Yunkish to protect the city from her and her superior numbers. The chauvinistic leader Mero simply wants to rape Dany while the other two refuse to double-cross their current contract with the Yunkish lords. Back at the Second Son camp all three agree something must be done with Dany and that one, determined through a drawing of straws but with coins, would have the task of sneaking into her camp to murder her. The oh-so-handsome Daario Nahaaris draws the losing one and goes to Dany's camp dressed as an Unsullied while Dany is bathing. He holds her and Missandei at knifepoint and reveals the heads of Mero and the other for having wanted to harm her. She gets out of the tub and makes him swear his sword to her service. Good old opportunistic betrayal and intro for a great character who truly does, \"only as he  King's Landing At long last Tyrion and Sansa get hitched. Tyrion tries his best to ease the passing ceremony with humor. His apology up front was sweet as well as his insistence that Sansa must drink wine on her wedding day. We also got to see Cersei tell the story of the House of Reyne (former House I mean) and how Tywin Lannister had struck them out of existence when he was young and thus the Rains of Castamere sing the song of the glory and strength of the Lannister Lion and its capabilities of domination. Cersei's story to Margaery as they walk in the Great Sept was one of the highlights of the episode, with Cersei threatening Margaery is she ever calls her \"sister\" again something very bad will ensue. She's also not in the mood for Loras as she cuts him off midsentence about a story he would impart about his father. Joffrey's cruelty was really highlighted here also as he takes away the stool Tyrion would use to stand upon to drape Sansa in the ceremonial cloak of Lannister red and gold and instead to much laughter Sansa has to bend down to receive it. Tywin again showed his cruelty as well as we saw Tyrion drunker than we ever have before as he is told to do his duty and thus \"put a child in  When Joffrey demands the bedding ceremony be performed (in which the bridge and groom are disrobed entirely and delivered to their bed chamber for the consummation of the marriage) Tyrion refuses and threatens to castrate Joffrey. Only Tyrion could come back from that as he instead plays it off as his own manhood being insufficient for the task, which is further diffused by Tywin saying that he meant no ill will towards the entitled, prissy, narcissistic King Joffrey. Once in their bed chamber Sansa begins to disrobe but Tyrion stops her (because he doesn't want to have sex with 14 year old girl) and says that he won't share her bed until she wants him to and she responds that she never will basically. He makes a celibacy joke at the expense of the Night's Watch as well. The cake taker here was his line, \"If my father wants someone to get f**ked then I can tell him a good place to get  But Tyrion collapses on the couch and Shae enters in the morning to find that he hadn't had sex with Sansa which complicate their prospects but probably makes her happy.  Alas no Jaime, Brienne, Baelish, Jon, Bran, Theon or others I've mentioned this week since the main three were the Second Sons, Dragonstone magic and sacrifices, and the Tyrion/Sansa wedding. Surely as the last two years have proved the second to last episode of the season is often the breadwinner of quality for that year as \"Baelor\" and \"Blackwater\" have thus proved, the latter being what I still believe to be the best that this show can possibly be. But there is a lot of ground to cover before the season ends and for those that have read the books it is still up in the air regarding many plots of where Benioff and Weiss plan on leaving off in Season 3 to pick up with next year but I guess that's the fun is that we don't know. But it is slightly disheartening that we have to wait two weeks for the next episode, although the HBO movies premiering this next week \"Behind the Candelabra\" starring Michael Douglas and Matt Damon about Liberace looks amazing and I will surely check that out on the week hiatus from original programming for the original movie. In closing, I think I like Daario better without the blue beard as it makes him seem much more simple in expression, although in the books Martin often seeks to make the Essos characters exotic in more ways than one.  "
"7" "LuisCarlosZar" 2013-05-21 "Thanks Rhlor, no Theon Turncloak being tortured this episode... seriously, my mother gave up watching this show because of it, now I have to watch it alone. BTW, great show, and great choice of actor for Daario. Stannis proved he is so stupid as Arya, having the choice of ending this war he just chose to kill three harmless oponents (Robb, Balon and Joffrey, really?) Jof is the best possible ALLY he have, no one caused so much damage to the Lannister house than him. And coudnt him have used a few more leeches to finish the job? "
