"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "thefanof" 2014-06-16 "The episode had some interesting developments and scenes, but I didn't think anything too major or noteworthy happened. 6.5/10 is fair."
"2" "xdmeza" 2014-05-08 "cantn watch the episode"
"3" "Neksmater" 2014-05-04 "Game of Thrones had another entertaining but largely setup filled episode as we got to see Benioff and Weiss diverge from the books quite a bit both in timing and events. King's Landing We got to see another great sparring scene between Jaime and Bronn. Their back and forth is becoming this year's Tywin and Arya scenes in terms of \"not in the book but better that it's there\" content. Bronn guilts Jaime into visiting Tyrion in his cell. Their scene was amongst the best in the episode as they both admit to being uncertain about whether Tyrion killed Joffrey. It was also great that given his distant relationship with Sansa Tyrion (and Sansa in her scene this week) were both certain of each other's innocence. We get even more details into the plot itself as Lady Olenna admits that she would never have met Margaery marry \"that beast\" in reference to Joffrey meaning that she was probably the one who took the stone off of Sansa's necklace and put it into Joffrey's wine. The editing suggests that when Littlefinger is talking about \"new friends\" that it cuts directly to this scene meaning that the regicide was partly the Tyrells and Baelish's idea. Olenna tells Margaery to win Tommen's favor to secure her position as Queen in the uncertain times before Cersei can turn her against him. She visits Tommen, who really is nothing like his sadistic brother was, and we meet his adorable cat Ser Pounce the cat. Margaery asks if they can keep their meetings a secret as they get to know one another and he agrees. The political aspects of this are quite fascinating given that so much is at stake with an eleven year old (not sure how old Tommen is exactly) is the new King. Jaime is chewed out by Cersei for failing to protect \"their son\" and that he is a terrible Commander of the Kingsguard. Jaime gifts his half of the Valyrian steel sword to Brienne the next day and tells her that it's hers because she is going after Sansa Stark, since he is needed in King's Landing. She dubs it Oathkeeper, and it shows that she may truly be in love with our dear flawed Jaime, also Podrick is going with her which is a good turn of events that he is heeding Tyrion's advice. At Sea Littlefinger explains much more about the wedding plot against Joffrey and tells Sansa to always remain unpredictable in the eyes of your enemies. Also Baelish is going to marry Lysa Arryn (the breastfeeder from Season 1) and that his \"new friends\" can offer him more than the Lannisters ever would. Castle Black Jon begins to train swordmanship to those remaining at the stronghold and how to fight Wildlings. He is chewed out by Ser Alliser Thorne and tells Jon to get back to his stewardship duties. A new recruit, Locke (the guy who cut off Jaime's hand and an agent of Roose Bolton sent to murder Jon), proves good at combat and he and Jon strike up a camaraderie. Janos Slynt warns Thorne that Jon's popularity could work against them and so Thorne approves Jon's plan to assault the mutineers at Craster's Keep but only volunteers can go along. Grenn, Pyp, and Locke (who will take the vows before going North) agree to go.  North of the Wall We get a glimpse of Karl and Rast getting drunk and continuing to rape Craster's daughters. Craster's last son is born and Karl takes it into the woods to be offered up to the Gods of the North. Bran, camped closely to Castle Black, discovers that Ghost is being held at Craster's while skinwalking through Summer. They go to see for themselves but are captured by Karl and Rast's band of evil-doers. Bran admits that he is Brandon Stark which resonates among the group as him being worth quite a ransom as Jon Snow's brother. This varies greatly from the books but I'm glad they did it and incorporated Bran into Jon's quest since so much of the books are people doing their own thing and barely missing encounters with one another quite often. It also gives the raid on Craster's more stakes since Jon has more to lose than his own life storming the place. In the end of the episode we see the White Walker with Craster's sacrificed baby atop a dead horse get carried over to an ice altar and touched by one of (what appears to be 13 figures) and the baby's eyes turn blue. Not sure if they just ate the babies but surely by turning a baby into one of them there must be something afoot since this appears to be the White Walker elite. (Also something not shown in the books but gives us a peak at how they operate beyond the myths that we hear from scared Night's Watch members. Meereen Grey Worm begins learning the common tongue by Missandei as his duties as the commander of the Unsullied may demand him to know it one day. Grey Worm leads a group of Unsullied through the sewers of Meereen with weapons and he gives them to slaves to turn against their masters, saying that they must \"take their  Having taken over Meereen with her revolt Daenerys orders 163 of the slave masters be nailed and put on display as atonement for having nailed the slave children to mile markers on her way to the city. I'm glad that she is unafraid to deal out justice to the sick madness that the slave masters hold over the city and it shows how much into her own as a ruler she has come since Season 1.  A decent enough episode that did a bit of world building and tied a few different threads together in a satisfying way."
"4" "ionee24" 2014-05-02 "Once upon a time, actually, since the first time Craster abandoned one his sons, I assumed the babies were killed in a gruosome manner at best or given to the zombies to be eaten at worst. Why else would Sam run away with Gilly's baby for? In their world, incest is an abomination, the children born out of it no better than bastards. So the joke was on me when The White Walkers, not only carried the abomination as if the most precious thing in the world, but placed the baby in what can only be described as a batism table and embraced the inbreed as one of their own.  It makes sense for only an abomination would care about an abomination in a world that rejects bastards, cripples and broken things. Ironic because the very abominations they reject are the ones coming to get them at the coldest of winter, fitting because it would also make The White Walkers men and, as we know it, all men must die. Valar Morghullis."
"5" "BearLuvsPanda" 2014-05-01 "Too many major changes from the source material to be watched with any seriousness. It's not even consistent with the last season, with respect to Sam being sworn to secrecy, by Bran, not to tell Jon that he and Rickon are still alive, let alone the source material. Only Dany's scenes are worth watching though the White Walkers are always nice to see. For those scens alone I can only give it a low score. Very, very disappointing."
"6" "iulianiulian9003" 2014-04-30 "Good episode for pp who are real fans of this show."
"7" "mysteriousopal" 2014-04-28 "It was a rather quiet episode. Still so much happened, though mostly in a more subtle way. I really liked it, had me hooked from start to finish."
"8" "times_in" 2014-04-28 "Apart from the first 10 minutes of Daneyeres Targeryon  and the last 10 mins of the walkers... this episode was kinda boring."
