"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "nananabatman" 2013-05-25 "This is again an episode that doesn't include big stuff (well, we've got a joust, that's something) or surprises in the plot, however, I still liked it more than the two before because there's not much that seems unnecessary in this episode. John Bradley, who plays the new guy at the Night's Watch, really exaggerated his role as this useless coward that gets bullied there and I thought they focused on this story too much. Therefore I'm glad that Jon Snow and the Night's Watch are completely absent in the next episode. But since they used the lots of scenes there to get the audience acquainted with the heavy life that lies ahead of Jon and his colleagues and they also portrayed his kindness very well, it was nothing that bored or actually annoyed me. Another character that gets way too much attention is Littlefinger, but that didn't bother me since Aidan Gillen plays him very interestingly. The other flaw of this episode would be some writing weaknesses since there are also a lot of changes to the novel in this episode.  Lena Headey and Mark Addy really got too little screen time in this episode with the latter only having about two sentences in the whole 55 minutes, but I understand that it's not at all easy to include so many characters in every episode. The crew created a stunning visual style as always and I thought they did really well with exposing things and developing characters. The fight scene of Daenerys and Viserys would be the best example for this, though Harry Lloyd overacts his part just as in the episode before this one. I mean, we get that his character is both a jerk and a coward, he doesn't have to illustrate that in every single scene he's in. The outstanding scenes in this episode were Cersei and Ned's little conversation and Bran getting to do something again, while the outstanding cast members are rather hard to name. I would say that the women are more interesting in this episode, notably Michelle Fairley (who has a really great final scene with Peter Dinklage) and Emilia Clarke who both can really exhibit self-confidence. "
"2" "MalcolmOliver" 2012-11-03 "Such a good one "
"3" "AJLane-TCP" 2012-04-10 "The Good:   -Tyrion's true colors are shown just before he gets captured.    -Sam Tarly. He becomes friends with Jon, providing the struggling youth with a good reason to enjoy the Wall.   The Bad:    -The Hound's face time. Littlefinger tells Sansa the story of The Hound and his brother. In the novel, however, The Hound tells her the story himself. Littlefinger gets a lot more screen time than he would merit from the books, perhaps because he is so interesting. However, The Hound's character has sparse detail as a result. "
"4" "ZaleIsBackAgain" 2011-12-05 "As large a scope as Game of Thrones the novel is, even a season with hour long length episodes each would prove to be difficult to encompass everything in its entirety. This episode was skidding on a fine line of \"packing in too much for its own good\", but the cliffhanger ending made you forget about all that. A lot of characters are thrown at you without so much as a backstory to them; I always had to remind myself Jory is in alliance with Ned Stark. And after the show I had to look up Ser Hugh of the Vale and his significance in the scheme of things; it left me that he was the same guy Jory tried approaching and was blown off in the same episode. And while I am known to be forgetful of things amongst my group of friends, there were just so many events happening simultaneously that keeping track of everything that was happening was borderline a mess.Now what kept the episode together was of course the strong acting from the central cast. Sean Bean portrays his character of Ned Stark stunningly well as a stress stricken, yet honorable and stern man that is willing to do the right things, which is impressive because of his more famous role as Boromir in Lord of the Rings who was known as an ambitious and impatience warrior who could not hold down his tongue for the life of him. And most of the more important events of the episode were easy to remember. The first, which opened with Jon Snow taking pity on a fat boy who is a coward. Then there is Daenerys and her steady transition from a little sister who followed her brother around everywhere, to a queen. And there is also Ned Stark's instigation of Jon Arryn's death and what secrets he brought with him to his grave. Detective stories were portrayed more excitingly in other shows, though to see it happen in a much more simplistic manner through medieval means is something we don't see much in television. And of course the ending is what threads the needle of the entire episode; it just needed that one exciting splash to cap off a long series of events, and it provided that with Catelyn Stark seizing Tyrion Lannister as her prisoner."
"5" "thefanof" 2011-12-04 "While the title of this episode may seem a little bit offputting, this was actually a solid episode of Game of Thrones. Is this show the savior of HBO? Not just yet, but this was another very intriguing installment of the period drama. We saw some developments tonight, we saw some battles on horses, some training sequences, and of course the explicit dialogue we have come to expect from anything that airs on this premium channel.As a viewer I am still having a little bit of trouble keeping track of everything, but week after week Game of Thrones starts to become less and less like calculus class for me, because I am starting to understand what is going on. Solid episode, it could use a little more action though, and the show needs to look at what rival network Showtime did on The Borgias this week to see what I mean."
"6" "TrueTvWatcher" 2011-08-16 "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things was a superb episode and I really enjoyed watching this episode because Lord Snow sticks up for a heavy set newcomer who has come to take the Black and had some great scenes.Daenerys had some great scenes as she is coming into her new role and accepting the ways of her new people. She handled her brother well and I wonder what will come of him. I loved the last scenes as Lady Stark caught her prey. I wonder what will happen next and look forward to watching the next episode of Game of Thrones!!!!!!!"
"7" "NikolaLjubisa" 2011-06-16 "King Robert holds a tournament in honor of Ned Stark – his new Hand. The city is full of people and the council holds a meeting to discuss matters connected with the tournament. These are not the only matters Ned has got in his mind. He continues his investigation into Jon Arryn's death, finding out that he spent the last days of his life reading a book about all major families in Westeros. \"The seed is strong\" were the mysterious last words of the king's previous advisor, according to the old Maester.Ned shines in a really good light here and is developed more as a character. He has a strong belief in justice and righteousness, being devoted to finding out how Arryn really died, despite warnings from people such as Littlefinger. In the end, he finds out about King Robert's bastard son who works as a smithy's apprentice. Quite an interesting twist.The tournament begins and a duel between Ser Gregor Clegane and Ser Hugh is about to take place. The first one is introduced by Littlefinger as Hound's brother who has a passion for violence, while ser Hugh apparently was Jon Arryn's former squire. The scene of the duel is easily the best one in the episode. Ser Hugh dies a brutal death in the fight while Littlefinger tells a creepy story to Sansa. Brilliant.Tyrion Lannister returns from the Wall and meets Robb Stark, who now is the Lord of Winterfell. He asks about Lady Stark, only to find out she's absent. He also asks for a meeting with Bran who is crippled, and proposes to him getting a special saddle so he could still ride. Tyrion is another character developed a bit more. Up until now he has been striking the viewer as selfish and arrogant, but now we see a better side of him as well. Great character.After he leaves Winterfell, he stops at an inn, ironically it's the same one Lady Stark decides to stay on her way back to Winterfell. She quickly gains the loyalty of all the men inside the inn, thanks to her own and the Stark's connections, and confronts Tyrion, accusing him of involvement in her son's accident. All the men point their swords at the imp and the episode ends with a fantastic cliffhanger.The Dothraki caravan, along with Viserys and Dani is still on the road and frustration grows as they're still far away from King's Landing. One of the better scenes of the episode involves Viserys and Doreah – a pleasure girl, with whom he shares a bath and a really charming conversation about dragons, only to quickly show his angry side again, as is to be expected from him. Later on, he also gets mad at his sister Dany and tries to attack her, but she quickly gains the upper hand and strikes her brother, threatening him to never lay hands on her again or he will lose them. It's great to see Dany changing due to the new environment she's in, being Drogo's wife and all. This character progresses nicely too.Jon Snow forms a connection with a new Night's Watch recruit – the coward Samwell Tarley. He defends him from the attacks of the other recruits, who strike him more and more, even though he clearly lacks confidence to defend himself. This doesn't sit well with Thorne who later confronts the two and in a terrifying monologue declares the two as too weak to survive the upcoming winter. All in all though, it's great to see a stronger side of Snow. He's fit to be a fantastic leader.The two Stark daughters – Sansa and Arya also have troubles of their own. The older daughter worries about her future, heirs, and also her troubled relationship with Prince Joffrey, ever since the events from episode two. Arya continues her swordfighting training and declares to Ned that she's unwilling to go the same path as her sister, her mind is clearly set on becoming a warrior. It's amazing that with so many characters, the writers manage to develop every single one of them in an interesting way.All in all, a satisfying and very good episode, centered more on the characters, but still slowly driving the plot forward."
"8" "Neksmater" 2011-06-16 "Ned begins his investigation into the mysterious death of the previous King's Hand, Jon Aaron, and as he gets closer he realizes his enemies a few and far between. There was a ton of history thrown at us including the question of the dragons, an awesome clash between Daenerys and Viserys for who had more power. Catherine Stark has a card up her sleeve when Tyrion Lannister enters an inn near her and she takes some matters into her own hands. Jon takes a new Night's Watch prospect under his wing named Sean who is a bit of a scaredy cat and a softie and the boys are warned of the troubles of Night's Watch even further by their master. Good episode, I'm interested to see where and if indeed an army will cross the sea to King's Landing by season's end and hopefully that story will pick up a little as it tends to drag even more. But most of all Arya Stark who continues to impress me when Ned tells her of how many children she'll have she just responds, \"That's not me,\" in an interesting set of identity most girls her age you wouldn't expect to have. Also Jon's explanation of still being a virgin is heartbreaking. Good episode with a cool bloody death and all and I like the espionage that comes with Ned's spy-ness and his cattiness with Cersei. Jaime is still a major jerk, I'm ready for some more action this next week though."
"9" "goa103" 2011-06-16 "Once the ending credits roll you'll realize you're shaking. Fear ? Admiration ? Anger ? The wicked emotions this fourth episode should make you feel could be a first for your televisual experience. With the characters gradually growing on us their every scenes seem more authentic and pivotal. Since the pilot we know that everything can change in a few split seconds. One minute the little boy was climbing, the next he is a cripple. So Game of the Thrones play in the same league of masterpieces like Dexter and Lost, shows that have pushed the quality barrier far beyond its audience expectations. I'm talking about these memorable moments when you forget it's actually TV. And when it comes to convey such extreme after effects no one can deny that talents like Michael C. Hall, Jennifer Carpenter, Terry O'Quinn and Matthew Fox of course are the first names that pop up in your head as best examples. I should also mention Spartacus : Blood and Sand considering how much I praised the show and Andy Whitfield's performance but it wouldn't be reasonable. At least it's the trembling resonance the acting had on me this time.The first impact came from Emilia Clarke as Daenerys and Harry Lloyd as Viserys. The last bathtub sequence was surprising, sensual and more important very enlightening. Indeed it allowed us to learn more about the fantasy elements that populate the kingdoms, specially the legendary dragons, and unveiled the evil brother backstory. But it's really when he tried to dominate his sister again that you should feel the ground quaking beneath your seat. And don't get wrong, it's really happening. In your stars or in your skull, don't pretend you can resist her. The second impact would be what happened in the cold winter arc. Jon Snow's story is so dark and disturbing ! It's the perfect counter poison to the others even if I also expect storm and other destructive elements to unleash their fury on our friends and foes. The speech Snow and his new chubby buddy were given was horrific and even more frightening than the dark fairytale the creepy grandma told little Bran. Winter is Coming ? It seems even Ned could be underestimating what it really means. Last but not least the third impact, that also served as a cliffhanger, was definitely Catelyn Stark's escape at the inn. They couldn't have made a better choice than casting Michelle Fairley as Ned's wife. Like Sean Bean she had already impressed us but this installment you'll learn why people call her Lady Stark. It was pure grace and strength put into motion. It also revealed what really separates some Starks from some Lannisters, because they aren't all just black or white.Between two shakes there was still plenty of room for entertaining and interesting stuff. Arya's role was minor this time but her little chat with her father was refreshing and definitely intriguing. What a cute and fierce portrayal of the inevitable Joan of Arc she should become ! I don't know about her destiny considering I haven't read the novel yet but I can't see how she could restrain herself to just become a pretty queen. Once all grown up she could be to the show who Deedlit is to Record of Lodoss War, a beautiful and inspiring female warrior. An other element I quite enjoyed was Ned's lecture in the park about trust and issues. As for his dangerous mind game with Cersei Lannister, played by the delicate Lena Headey, my only complain would be about the lighting. In fact it's not the first time I have noticed the issue, that its whiteness is far too artifical. It's slightly disappointing because other than that the production is an immersion model and surely a delight for graphics whores and other amateurs of fine arts. And should I even mention the dreamy title sequence ? To conclude a mandatory sequence, when it comes to medieval fiction, was also featured and even if I found it a little rushed it was definitely exciting and was also the perfect occasion to learn more about an enigmatic character we knew nothing about until now."
"10" "JaCkKbAuEr2424" 2011-06-04 "While I appreciate this episode for the character building it did and the way it slowly filled in the blanks in terms of story for us non-readers of the book series, I thought that this is mostly just a set-up for next week's episode, which based on the fifty seconds preview they gave us, looks fantastic.  However, this episode was like, in a chess game, when a player sets up all of his pawns, knights and other pieces in order to defeat his opponent later down the line.  It was a good episode, just a bit slow and filled with expository dialogue.As I mentioned before, I enjoy the way the plot was moved forward, even if it was via loads and loads of scenes where characters explain other things to other characters.  I've perused other people's reviews of this show, and mostly everybody agrees that the scenes where people talk to each other and tell stories and explain things to us through that method are plentiful and sometimes flat.  Here, I was completely enamored by what was going on but distracted by how much talking there was going on.That being said, there was a lot to notice.  We got to see Ned Stark slowly becoming more and more suspicious about the circumstances surrounding Jon Aryn's death.  I still think it was incredibly stupid to center the big mystery of this show around somebody who we've never met or have barely had referenced, but I suppose that's just a small complaint.  I really am starting to grow interested by these characters.  Jon Snow is quickly becoming one of my favorites, a man who is similar to Ned in his ability to help others and this new young eighteen year old boy named Sam who comes to the Wall has a sad backstory that Jon attaches to.  It should be interesting to see how this plot grows.Meanwhile, Ned also learns that Jon Aryn seemed to be investigating the genetics of somebody and actually discovered one of Robert's bastard children.. could this have something to do with Aryn's death?  Maybe, maybe not, but the episode has certainly prepared us for the inevitability that things are going to get intense.  And as for Tyrion, he leaves the Wall, visits Winterfell, gets a horrible welcome and soon finds himself being held hostage by Catherine Stark and a series of men who have agreed to help her.  See, Cat still believes Tyrion is responsible for Bran's attack, not knowing anything about the other Lannister's.I have to give the writers they're due respect: despite the slow movement of the show, there's an undeniable feeling that these characters and plots are going to explode from the tension being built sometime soon.  I honestly have no idea what to expect on a week to week basis, so every little development is something worth noting, especially as we reach the halfway point of the season."
