"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "istbeschissen" 2013-07-02 "I strongly suggest to watch this episode more than once because it is more than likely that all your memories of it will be about the downright phenomenal final scene that is at the same time the climax of Game of Thrones first season. But besides this nothing less than fantastic ending part, there are also a lot of other awesome moments in 'Baelor'. Or to phrase it in a more complimentary way: I actually didn't find anything bad with this episode. Okay, if you've read the books then there might be some parts in which you can think of a better way to adapt them on screen, but that seriously is all you could complain about.  First of all, 'Baelor' starts with an awesome conversation between the imprisoned Ned Stark and Lord Varys that is superbly gripping to watch. After that, even with editing the King's Landing stuff out until the aforementioned final scene, the episode stays just at that level of greatness. The remaining Stark family members in the north of Westeros have a perfect chemistry just as in the last episode and the scenes across the Narrow Sea are an extremely impressive improvement to what happened there in the last couple of episodes. 'Baelor' also pays a lot of attention to Tyrion who in this episode encounters a new character named Shae - a prostitute that his new accomplice Bronn has found for him. Those three receive a fair amount of screen time and even though they're only talking in all of those scenes, they belong to some of the most interesting ones in this episode. The Night's Watch scenes are better than the ones in former episodes as well, however, some of the actors exaggerated their part a bit too much (John Bradley, Peter Vaughan).  All in all, I reckon 'Baelor' to be the 2nd best episode in Game of Thrones' first season, right after 'Winter Is Coming'. It's entertaining all the way through and closes its curtains with a truly amazing and unexpected finale that will leave mouths open during the whole credits. "
"2" "Lostforever" 2013-05-26 "Stay low. Maybe no one will notice you... :D I laughed my ass off. But I felt really bad about the ending. So sad."
"3" "TimeToParty" 2013-04-24 "how dare Joffrey chop of lord starks head, grr so angry,  i hope they die soon, far out :("
"4" "arabey" 2013-02-24 "What a talented writer \"George . Martin\" ,I never been into that kind of books or movies, I may be one of the few who didn't count Lord of The Rings as their favorite fantasy movies ,and I may hardly finish its books.. But that man make me really addicted to the story,all the character which making me don't know who I want to win the Throne,really feel sympathy with almost all of them. I like all of them \"may be but the current King at that moment\" >  Amazing characters, great writing and I believe AMAZING Production and Adaptation \" I wish someone who read the book to confirm about the adaptation how it's faithful to the book\" the acting also is so wonderful.  Great series even before finishing season one... I guess I'll start searching for the book."
"5" "AJLane-TCP" 2012-04-11 "The Good: -Introduction of important characters: Walder Frey and Shae. While Shae's personality is more dynamic than in the book, she plays an important role. Walder Frey could have jumped from the book's pages. He too plays an important role. -The ending of the episode is perfectly intense and sad, topped with Jaime's capture. The Bad: -This still feels like a setup episode. It seems that most of the first season - just like the first book - is a precursor. "
"6" "smhasnb" 2012-01-09 "I have never been a big fan of fantasy/sci  fi movies or TV shows. I haven't seen any of the Lord of the Ring movies (yea I know) but this series had everything going for it to attract a person like me towards the fantasy world. One hardly comes across a TV show so rich in terms of characters, themes and story lines. Right from the pilot episode, viewer can see a handful of stories running in parallel involving different houses (7 kingdoms) of a fantasy land (westeros) under The Iron Throne. The show is about the battles between these 7 houses for the hold of the throne. Being on HBO show has all the elements necessary for a blockbuster e.g. gore, violence, a lot of crude sex, bucket load of drama.  The Show will get a lot of nominations in the next award season but I don't see it nicking the Best Drama at the Emmys.  No doubt it was a visual treat just like the color coding of each character in season 4 of Breaking Bad. A few scenes were truly outstanding e.g. the dragons, eating a heart of a horse (yes, that happened), pouring boiling gold on someone's face, murdering a wolf cub, to name a few.  For most viewers it was the finale and more specifically the last scene of the season the most moment astonishing moment of the series. However, the episode before was the epic game changer for the show. For those who haven't read the books, this was probably as jaw dropping as that scene from Breaking Bad. Ned Stark, the hero of the show, was portrayed as the noble, loyal, right hand of a corrupt king. The King truly trusted and believed in Ned's ability to rule over his kingdom after King's death; he put it down in writing that Ned will succeed him after his death. However, the queen and her accomplices had different plans. In this episode Ned is held captive by the prince (now the king and the most hated character on television) who later orders Ned's beheading. The beheading it self was filmed in a stunning way. Two of Ned's daughter witness the cruel act ordered by a teenager boy pretending to rule with an iron fist. For more reviews please see my blog 'T.V et al' at http://syedhamzaali.tumblr.com "
"7" "knoffihoffi" 2011-12-12 "While I was reading the books, I hated this Joffrey.Now Jack Gleeson managed to make me really love hating this charakter even more! IMHO, someone who can so deliberate provoke the viewers hatred, which he´s surly supposed to do, does a formidable job. His mimc, his demeanor, everthing in his acting makes you really want to bash this spoiled inbred brat Joffrey. I admire him for the courage to really become the most despised and hated villain in a series so far. I really hope it is still secure for him going shopping. Please Jack Gleeson keep up the good-wicked work! I really love to hate Joffrey!"
"8" "ZaleIsBackAgain" 2011-12-10 "So I've noted in previous reviews how the show does a great job of following the book faithfully, but will always have some differences here and there. There are three of them in this episode, two involving the Tyrion Lannister storyline. The first is very minor; the story of Tyrion's unfortunate marriage. The whole drinking game scene really gave that part of the book life; it was mentioned in the book as just a narrative in Tyrion's head. The second was a major one. In this episode, Tyrion fell unconscious at the battle of the trident. In the book, well, he doesn't and he fights the whole battle alongside his savages that was actually a thrilling and exciting battle. To see it over in just a second, that was really disappointing. And the third, the battle of the Whispering Woods when Robb Stark captured Jaime Lannister; that battle was also exciting. In this episode, we only got to see Catelyn Stark greet her son a smile, after it's already won. When I first watched the episode I had no idea what was going on at all; I had to research what exactly just conspired. I understand that the producers probably couldn't fit in a large scale battle on their budget, but still man.The absence of any actual fighting was all that dragged this episode down. Everything else was firing on all cylinders. The acting was the most notable strength. When a season winds down, it's usually when an actors' true colors show; it's either sink or swim. This episode of Game of Thrones was cruising. Joffrey is such a prick and does a great job of making you hate his guts, even better than the book does. Robb Stark does a great job of showing his transition from boy to lord. Daenerys Targeryan, splendid job on her part portraying a queen being thrown the reality of the situation. Tyrion Lannister, when does this man ever fail in the acting department? Always delivering stellar performances left and right. Fabulous acting from top to bottom.That's not even considering the plot yet. The story of Tyrion's failed marriage was better suited in this episode that expands his character, not to mention with Shae figuring out his buttons putting Tyrion on his heels, for once, it made for an interesting development. There wasn't as much development on The Wall as there should have been, but its story presents a philosophical situation if nothing else; the plot twist of Aemon being the uncle of the mad king Aerys Targeryan was huge. It presented a twist of the situation for Jon Snow. Daenerys isn't having things easier beyond the sea; her grips of being khaleesi are slowly slipping through her fingers. And do I need to mention what's going on in King's Landing? Possibly the biggest shock twist I have ever seen."
"9" "goa103" 2011-11-13 "Khal Drogo is invincible ! Well apparently not. It's what happens when you play with sharp blades and  think the power of the flesh is stronger than steel. Once Drogogo deadly wounded it was thrilling to see Daenerys struggling to command his men. In the past installment some of them proved that they cared more about their libido than the respect she deserves. It's logical after all because you can't expect the Dothraki to fully embrace her as their new Queen. For the moment she hasn't done enough for them and talks way too much for her own good. So with scavengers dangerously circling around her and considering she used the forbidden black magic to save her husband I think we should really worry about her life. However it was exciting to see her bodyguard finally fight with his sword and he looked quite chivalrous in his shiny armor ! Fly away with your damsel before it's too late !After Jon Snow's heroic saving I was expecting more undead to come back but surprisingly his arc was relatively calm. In fact the whole episode was when I had predicted some epic bloody sequences. So The Pointy End wasn't really the calm before the storm. But isn't it a bit naive to await for entertaining battles when the show is so great at developing its characters ? The discussion he had with the blind old man was almost scary and it was painful to see Jon hesitating between his watcher duty and past life as a bastard. As for the well deserved sword he received it convinced me even more than reading the novels is mandatory to appreciate the show to its maximum. Indeed I'm sure George R. R. Martin wrote about it for pages and described it in great details. I can't imagine how rewarding it must be for the long time fans to finally see these artifacts, like the Iron Throne, in motion !But the Dothraki and Jon Snow arcs were minor compared to the overwhelming Stark versus Lannister story. Dark Bronn and little big Tyrion really make a strange team ! Moreover Jerome Flynn and Peter Dinklage chemistry is delightful ! It's also interesting that their scenes oscillate between comic relief and tragedy. The top notch production also contributes to make them even more authentic. In fact one of the things I appreciate the most is their dirty look. From the costumes to the make-up, or should I say mud-up, it's hard not to believe they could actually exist and of course it's also true for Jon Snow, who hasn't taken a bath for 9 episodes now apparently. But of course things became even more challenging when Tyrion had to play his own drinking game. Learning about his love story was enlightening and revealed what's really going on between him and his brother Jaime Lannister. To tell the truth I didn't really get what happened to him, how he ended up being a Stark prisoner. For the moment I suppose they just kidnapped him after passing the gates, opened thanks to Lady Stark's bold move. The poor woman it seems her destiny is to only deal with creepy people. First her disturbed sister, now an old man who loves his young daughter way too much. As for Tyrion being knocked out the very first seconds of the battle it was both puzzling and hilarious. At first I found these ellipsed elements slightly confusing but then I quickly realized that they actually contributed to the success of Baelor. It was actually a wise decision because you can't cover everything in such a short time so leaving the rest to our wild imagination is more then welcome in the end.Last but not least with Ned's head out of the game it seems Jaime is on the verge of losing his own. Saying that I saw Joffrey's Machiavellian plan coming from miles away would be a terrible lie. Indeed little Arya just broke my heart and I naively hoped that she would somehow save the day with her tiny sword. Even Cersei was shocked when she's supposed to be the one pulling the strings. Apparently her puppet is now out of control and like in Ancient Rome it seems the kingdom will learn what it costs to grant unlimited power to an evil boy. King Caligula ? His reign has begun !"
"10" "Templars83" 2011-11-13 "What sets this series apart from so many others, is the top notch acting performances and deft directorial management. The actor playing Walder Frey was splendid - absolutely wonderful. Peter Dinklage continues to earn his rightful Emmy - the best performance out of the many worthy. I appreciate the manner in which the director seamlessly navigates from story line to story line. One must also admire the incredibly well done care taken to in casting. The director's ability to capture the essence of the each character, bodes well for the continued success of the series.In this episode we see the final demise of a major character and perhaps the demise of yet another. I find the series better when less focused on needless (and not found in the book) sex scenes. These last two episodes were the two most focused of the entire season. "
"11" "TrueTvWatcher" 2011-10-06 "Baelor was a perfect episode of Game of Thrones and I really enjoyed watching this episode because of the intrigue, action, drama, and over all production. The actors really portray their characters well and make viewers believe. The story lines are so exciting and everything that happens makes sense. Most of the characters had to make fateful decisions in this episode leaving one of the best characters to an undeserved fate. There is so much at stake and there seems to be pressure just building up. I really look forward to the season 1 finale of Game of Thrones!!!!!!!"
"12" "thefanof" 2011-09-19 "I take back all my criticism of Game of Thrones because the last two episodes have been very good and this one ended with a bit of a shock, although thanks to the internet it was spoiled for me. I am of course talking about Sean Bean's character dying, as he will be on some lame ABC pilot this upcoming season. I probably would have seen it coming, but that does not make it any less climatic. This was a perfect end to the episode and really established the evil and magnitude of the \"king.\"The Khala stuff was good, the witchcraft and that poor horse, and then the drinking game. There were a number of good scenes outside of the murder at the end tonight, but obviously that has dominated the talking points for this show thus far.Best episode of Game of Thrones yet."
"13" "jelly_donut_92" 2011-08-18 "I can honestly say that this is one of the best episodes of any show I've ever seen. Seriously, it's that great. For the last few episodes, Ned has been in trouble, his honor and moral compass no match for the backstabbing, calculating ways of King's Landing. It all comes to a head in this penultimate episode of the season, and the results are heartbreaking. Opening with a beautifully shot dungeon scene, Varys begs Ned to sacrifice his honor for the sake of his children and his own life. Knowing Ned, it's hard to see him as betraying his honor, but Sean Bean perfectly conveys the fact that Ned may finally see his honor isn't getting him anywhere. We also visit Jon in the episode, who shares great moments with two of the older high-ups in the night's watch. Ser Mormont is beginning to see Jon as the son he never had, and gives him a sword, the sword Ser Jorah would have gotten if he hadn't been selling slaves. The other moment, and one of the best scenes of the episode, was Jon's conversation with Master Aemon. We learn that Aemon also had to deal with a similar situation, as it's revealed he is a Targaryen (the last, save for Dany). The actor playing Aemon was great, portraying a man who is both feeble but who still harbours a great rage. Robb and Tyrion both find themselves on opposite sides of the war. Robb's story is more bleak, having to deal with the Freys and losing men. Finally seeing old Walder Frey was great, even though I hate his character with a passion. Cat is also very likeable in this episode. People have voiced the opinion that she's stupid and caused all this trouble in the first place, but she comes across as a mother who does everything for her children. Robb's transition into manhood is going great, and Jamie's capture is a great win for the good guys.Tyrion, Bronn and Shae share the most light-hearted scene in the episode, the comic relief portion if you will. Their drinking games were hilarious, and learning more about Tyrion's backstory was wonderful. Tyrion and Bronn's relationship is growing, and it's fun to watch, always bringing me a smile. Dany's not having a good day. Drogo is dying, her people are turning on her, and her baby's coming! We finally get introduced to more mystical elements, with the witch performing blood magic to try to save Drogo. it's an eerie scene, one that will lead to enormous payoff next episode. And then, we come to the final scene. I can't even properly describe how amazingly well done this scene was. Having read the book, I was utterly shocked when I read this part, actually dropping the book. The slow reveal to the event, with Arya following the townspeople, felt incredibly natural. Ned seeing his youngest daughter alone and scared, and telling Yoren, with one word, to look after her was beautiful. The way it looked like Ned was going to get off made this moment even more crushing. Sansa is smiling like everything will be fine, as is Cersei. In a change of character, Ned actually admits his false treason, and announces Joffrey as king. For the viewer, it looks like Ned will be saved. Then the utterly evil, cowardly Joffrey has to speak. Then Sansa's smile turns to screams, and Cersei's seemingly unbreakable cool is shattered as she tries to reason with her son. Arya, fighting against Yoren's grip, closing her eyes as her father does, is heartbreaking. The birds flying into the sky act as a beautiful image to close out the episode, and Ned's life. This was incredibly well done. As a major fan of the books, I couldn't ask for more. This show deserves every amount of praise, and more. Hoping the emmy's recognize its brilliance, and I hope the viewers stick around, even if \"Boromir\" is gone. It only gets better from here, and that's saying a lot. "
"14" "upyours13" 2011-08-18 "WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!I'll still watch the show since it's still so damn compelling and entertaining. But damn man, I totally didn't expect this show to pull a Deadwood. Definitely the best episode for me, the saddest, and very shocking and heartbreaking even though there were signs to it earlier on in the season. But I was like f**k no, they wouldn't do it. There was pretty much no action/war (on screen) this episode, though I'm pretty sure anybody who watches his show don't show up for the blood. Though Jorah does get his moment of badassness. But man, that ending is just so damn sad.I had a little man tear at the end of the episode, maybe a couple."
"15" "Neksmater" 2011-08-18 "Ned is urged by Varys to see reason think of his daughters by proclaiming Joffrey the one true king. Robb and Catelyn must make some sacrifices to gain passage through the Trident including a visit to Lord Walter Frey whom Cat has known for some time. Tyrion enters into a deal with a woman Bronn brings him and he promises her gold and sex and everything she could ever want as long as he lives as he prepares to lead the hilltribes into battle. Robb gains a victory on the battlefield. Dany must deal with Khal Drogo's festering wound and his weakness and now Quotho wishes to become khal after Dany enlists the Witch's help again to heal Drogo with blood magic and Jorah defends her honor admirably. In the end, Ned confesses his crimes against the crown and his treason wanting to live for his daughters' sake but Joffrey wants his blood too badly. The final moments of the episode are a real shock and delivers one of the most resonant endings this series has produced. We are at the final episode next week and seeing the realm expand to make us ready for season two is a good thing but still this is a excellently crafted and heartbreaking episode."
"16" "JaCkKbAuEr2424" 2011-08-18 "I don't think I've ever been as blind-sided by the ending of an episode as I was here.  Somedays, I feel a bit disappointed that I never read this series, mostly because I feel two steps behind everybody else as they follow the series.  But then, I realize that not reading the series doesn't necessarily mean I'm missing out on anything.  If anything, it's allowed moments like the ending of this episode to sneak up on me and whack me upside the head.  Honestly, I wasn't sure how to rate this episode until the final moment.  It's rare that I'll rate an episode high simply because of one moment (for me, the episode has to work as a whole, and this one had some slower moments, ones that seemed as if the writers were just trying to drag out the tension until the finale), but this episode showed that the show has some guts and is willing to go against the grain with its storytelling techniques.We got a glimpse at just about every plot this week, with some of them taking up more time than the others.  However, what I was most interested in was Ned Stark.  I mean, we've barely seen him the past couple of episodes.  Last week, he was almost non-existent in prison, with only Varys visiting him occasionally in prison.  With the Lannisters taking the throne away from Robert Baratheon and everybody else, I was worried about what would happen with Ned.  Throughout the episode, we get hints that Ned may be stripped of his title and sent up to the Wall to join the Nightswatch.  He would be isolated from his family, but he would be alive, and that would be better than nothing… or would it?  Ned Stark's tragic tale comes to a horrifying and truly sad end in \"Baelor.\"  Joffrey, who is as smug and arrogant as Draco Malfoy from the Harry Potter series and looks sort of like him to boot, ignores Sansa's request for leniency in her father's case and orders Ned to death.  Reading the feedback to Ned's death, it shouldn't be all that surprising for readers of the book, but for us newbies to the show, this was a huge shock.  Ned seemed like the main character of the TV show from the start… I mean, you don't bring in Sean Bean, one of the better character actors of the past twenty years or so, just to be a minor character.  But it's clear he was no minor character.  He's clearly a symbol of good in a world filled with evil, and a sign of how true evil seems to reign over all in Westeros.  Where this leaves us heading into the finale, I have no idea.  And I love it.But there's more than just Ned's story here.  We get an amazing scene between Tyrion Lannister, Bronn and a new woman character named Shae.  Shae turns up in Tyrion's tent, and just when we think we're going to get another \"Tyrion sleeps with a whore\" scene, we get a surprisingly forward discussion between the three characters.  Tyrion explains why his romantic past is so troubled, and Peter Dinklage makes the character go from a smart-mouthed dwarf to a deeply flawed and damaged son who feels betrayed by his own family.  Dinklage deserves an Emmy nomination, as most websites now will likely agree with, and his arc this season has been fun to watch, even if it fades into the background here and there.There's also a lot going on in terms of the fight for the throne.  I thought the episode could've shown more of the war scenes than it did.  I mean, the fighting wasn't even the most exciting part of the Stark/Lannister plot… it was instead when Cat entered the house of Frey and tried to gain access to a bridge that leads to Westeros.  I believe the man who played Frey was the guy who played Argus Filch in Harry Potter, and he was easily one of the creepier characters I've seen on the small or big screen.  It's a bit disconcerting to hear that Robb and Arya will have to be married to his kids in the near future, but I'm assuming this plot will be pushed aside… or maybe not.  I'm not entirely sure what to expect out of the show now.To avoid boring everybody to death with the review, I'll try and bring it to a close.  This episode was certainly slower than some of the previous episodes, but as I said before, it's rare that a show or a story will completely blind-side us and kill a character we've thought to be vital to the show's structure before the first season has even ended.  I didn't even get around to talking about the Dothroki plot, where it appears Jorah (who has been a dark horse for one of my favorite characters this season… if he had more screen time, I'd be inclined to include him in my top three… I just like loyal characters) has chosen to allow Drogo to die in order to save Daenerys and her son.  What this means for them won't be revealed until next week, but I'm assuming it'll mean nothing good.I've been pleasantly surprised at how great \"Game of Thrones\" has ended up being.  It's gone from being a simple adaptation of a book series to its own television series, something that can stand along side other fantasy series' and stories and be proud of its accomplishments."
