"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "rodrigocrf" 2014-12-01 "Muito bom"
"2" "thefanof" 2014-06-16 "The wedding may not have been action-packed, but it was definitely very entertaining. Nice shocking ending too. Unexpected, but a good payoff for the long-time villain."
"3" "bneijt" 2014-06-07 "Does anybody know how to delete a  account?"
"4" "RayMars" 2014-04-21 "I am not sure if there are enough adjectives to exactly describe my thoughts and feelings during this episode, so I'll just focus on the major ones. Starting with: Oh my God, what a creep, nasty, evil, disturbing bastard! Cruel, oh so cruel, he should die, but he is entertaining, maybe I want to see more of him and what he is willing to do to punish others... he is skilled in that... To: Is this it? The wine? Yeah, drink more, is he starting to cough? Poison? I think this is it... f*ck yeah, it is... can't believe it... he is dying.. who did that... the Granny? No, not Tyrion... he is dead... party time... but wait... he was so fun to despise... who is going to replace that void? And I feel sorry for all the actors whose characters have died. They must be like: \"What? No, not in this episode... not now... can't I stay a little bit longer? I will also play another person... anyone... pleeeeaaaseeee!\""
"5" "Neksmater" 2014-04-20 "Game of Thrones continued this week and gave us a whiz-bang eventful chapter that will please many people. I'm sure the internet at large ate this up as we saw that yet more characters can be dispatched at the will of the show. Let's get down to it. No Jon, Arya, or Daenerys this week. The Dreadfort We get our first glimpse at Theon/Reek this season as we catch up with him and Ramsay the Psychopath and his girlfriend Miranda hunting an innocent girl through the woods before killing her sadistically. Because violence against women is basically the cornerstone for this show at this point. Lord Bolton arrives back at the Dreadfort and chastises Ramsay for having done what he did to Theon as he would've been a valuable tool in pushing the Ironborn out of Moat Cailin (which separates the North from the South and was something that Robb was going to try to retake to go back to Winterfell before his murder last season). Bolton reminds Ramsay that he is still a bastard and that he will ride out with many soldiers and take Theon with him in the hopes of reclaiming Moat Cailin so that they can push the Ironborn out. Also present there is Locke (the guy who cut off Jaime's hand last season) who is basically Ramsay's crazy-buddy only older and with more beard. After a tense shaving scene in which Reek learns that Bolton killed Robb Stark at the Red Wedding Reek decides to merely clean shave his new master and obey. Bolton says that if Ramsay retakes Moat Cailin he will name him legitimate as a Bolton since he is the new Warden of the North. Interesting seeing as this actually doesn't take place until Book 5. Wonder how much more of the timeline will be incorporated into this season that isn't directly based on Books 4-5? Dragonstone Melisandre and Stannis decide to burn heretics (because why not?) as a sacrifice to the Lord of Light for refusing to tear down the idols of the Seven Gods on Dragonstone. In the book the man that they burn, Florent by last name, was trying to negotiate peace with the Lannisters which Stannis would have nothing of. Davos is still reluctantly following his King of course. Melisandre, Selyse (who doesn't seem to have a problem with burning her father at the stake in honor of her hubby's new religion), and Stannis all share a dinner. Stannis gave us a glimpse at his honorable side as Selyse openly spoke about how much a disappointment their daughter is, having been marked by grayscale as a baby and how she must be hardly disciplined into accepting the Lord of Light. Stannis invokes his rights as King and orders her not to lay a hand in his daughter, good to see he holds some things dear. They both agree to have Melisandre speak to Shireen about the Lord of Light and for her to accept him as her new God. Melisandre visits Shireen's chambers and tells her that the Seven are a lie and that there is only two Gods, one of Light and one of Dark, which Shireen seems hesitant to believe. Beyond the Wall Bran is told by his companions that spending too much time in Summer's body will deteriorate his own if he relies on it too much as a warg and will disconnect him from his human body. The group find a weirwood and after touching it Bran has a vision of the 3 eyed crow that tells him to continue going North to find what he seeks. Bran says he knows where to go from there. King's Landing The vast majority of the episode takes place here so I wanted to save it for last. It was nice to see Tyrion and Jaime share a scene together, the first since Season 1 I might add, and bonding over how their family is made up of the \"the cripple, the dwarf, and the Mother of  Tyrion tells Jaime to practice with his new sword hand with someone discreet (in the books it's the tongueless Ilyn Payne) but I like that they changed it to Bronn who begins using sparring swords with Jaime in a private place next to the Sea. I like that Jaime is trying to make the best of his new situation and Bronn is the perfect swordsman to help him sharpen his skill (pun sort of intended) and I hope to see much more of their great back-and-forth. Joffrey's wedding occurs and like the turd that he is, Tyrion gave him a great book about the Lives of Four of the Great Kings, which Joffrey cuts to shreds with his new Valyrian steel blade given him by Tywin. Lots happens character interaction wise here, Olenna and Tywin mention how much debt the capital owes the Iron Bank of Braavos, Prince Oberyn threatens Cersei and Tywin in a not so veiled way, Cersei threatens Maester Pycelle to go against Margaery \"bleeding heart\" opinion that the leftovers of the feast should go to the poor and Cersei says that they should be fed to the dogs instead otherwise Pycelle will be eaten by them too. Pycelle, of course still hitting on a much younger woman I might add, is playing his usual bumbling self. I like that he is basically being replaced by Qyburn, someone whom Cersei seems to be quite fond of for his \"alternative  During the feast Tyrion is forced to become Joffrey's cupbearer after seeing a tasteless re-enacting of the War of the Five Kings by dwarves which Joffrey finds hilarious. Jaime tries to threaten Loras who threatens Jaime right back. Tyrion tries to excuse himself but Joffrey orders him to stay as his cupbearer. After taking a another sip Joffrey begins to choke and gasps out and dies, but not before pointing at Tyrion in his final breath as Tyrion looks dumbfounded at the empty glass. Theories abound as to the logistics of what happened. The only sure thing is that Ser Dontos knows something. Isn't it convenient that he gave Sansa a necklace, Lady Olenna goes to Sansa and could've easily taken one of the jewels off it, and then put it into Joffrey's wine cup when it was placed in front of her, so that she could protect her daughter from the wrath of Joffrey as she was told by Sansa? That's just my theory but it was great to see Mr. Congeniality get whacked when so many \"good characters\" have been killed. This also completes the cycle of three that Stannis and Melisandre put in motion that ordered the killings of Joffrey, Robb, and Balon Greyjoy (in case you buy into that whole magic thing). But it looks like we've reached a great part here, Shae at least got out (or so it would seem) before things went sideways and Tyrion's got some S'plainin to do! This was a marvellously enjoyable episode, written by the man himself George . Martin, giving us every bit of satisfaction out of the \"Purple Wedding\" as there was in the book. Things will surely become darker from here on out for Tyrion (everyone's favorite character it would seem). Can't wait to see what happens next and it will be nice to see Daenerys, Arya, and Jon next week too continue their adventures.  "
"6" "NLANGCRasta" 2014-04-17 "What!!! this episode sucked!!!...  they just had to kill off the best dang villain in this series... it wont be the same without Joffrey, who else is as sadistic and as a evil minded as he... no-one else in the series even comes close to being a major tool as Joffrey and I always looked forward to his next serving of evil conniving schemes!!! He always held his kingdom at knives edge with a 'you mess with me, you die' attitude, and as a young  King, I rather enjoyed watching Joffrey get a kick out of abusing his power by creating issues for those around him, to me, it gave their otherwise boring worthless lives something of a challenge... but no more!!! As for Daenerys Targaryen and her dragons... someone please slay them things and start a war already!!!... she has an army, so show us what they're made of because all I see them do is march and stand in formation. Arya Stark has the makings of a good assassin, with some training from Sandor 'The Hound' she'll be a lethal asset... she didn't hesitate to stick her blade through the throat of Polliver and she looked like she enjoyed it. "
"7" "ionee24" 2014-04-17 "Autumn is here, sky is blue, doves all flew as if they knew. Today is the day Margaery and Joffrey say I do, and no one gets to be lonely anymore.  As the powerful family they really are, the Lannisters spend the party dissing to one another. Tywin and Olenna over money, Jaime and Loras over the Queen Regent, even Cersei and Brienne take their turn as Cersei  slaps Brienne in the face with the notion she loves Jaime which, lets face it, she must be starting to consider seeing Brienne's shade of red.  But nothing can compare to Joffrey's own shade of red as he chokes with food and dies before his  wedding night... beat that, Revenge!"
"8" "microcharles" 2014-04-15 "Yeah!! The wicked sadistic little punk king is dead. I was hoping for torture and head on a pick for him because of all the good people he killed but I guess he was worthy of severe poisoning instead. The Game of Thrones is best series to me that is out there (besides breaking bad) that makes you look forward to the next one, hope in the good guys and girls and the bad ones that need redemption, and think about the plots. Ever since seeing the poisoning of the evil king I keep thinking about who was the one who poisoned him: (1) Was it his mom trying to poison his wife?, (2) Was it the fool?, (3) Or was it his new devious but sweet bride? And the list goes on and I can't wait for the next episode and more adventures of all the kingdoms and the hot dragon lady."
"9" "tlnesbit" 2014-04-15 "Well I've been waiting for a long time to see Joffery die. I would have rather seen a Stark take his head but dead is dead. No one is safe in this series. Keep up the great work."
"10" "LaythBarzangi" 2014-04-15 "I think we can all agree that Jack Gleeson is a phenomenal actor."
"11" "dolphin_intern" 2014-04-15 "Man I have been waiting for this episode since I read it in a Storm of Swords.  Let me just say this that Jack Gleeson is such an amazing actor and his portrayal of Joffrey has been mind blowingly fantastic! It was so awesome to see everyone at King's Landing and the interaction between Tywin, Cersei and Oberyn was so delicious! Ha take that freaking Lannisters! I seriously can't wait for the rest of this season as I personally think its going to top most of the show up to this episode not including the Red Wedding cause that was just crazy! I can't wait for the rest of you that haven't the books to see what's going to happen, let me just say this Tyrion and Arya get even more EPIC if that's even possible haha."
"12" "xhokorix" 2014-04-14 "'King' Joffrey will be missed... Not."
"13" "480bc" 2014-04-14 "4 seasons it was long time to wait "
"14" "jattromeo" 2014-04-14 "Finally the much awaited wedding day ends with a joy for most of us in the kingdom. "
"15" "leoncartwright54" 2014-04-14 "This was one of the best show of a series I've been blessed to see in my life time, Game of Thrones and HBO; have done it again, outstanding acting from the cast, brilliant storyline and yes!!! what goes around comes around.  The show got me off the sofa, pumping my fist, hollering, Yea, finally, I must admit I will miss the character, Joffrey,  To you sir, an Emmy for Best Actor, a great piece of acting, so to the show, \"Keep up the Great Work\", it's my favorite show, Right now, No show on television can touch you. Touche!!"
"16" "MichelleAirrington" 2014-04-14 "its way over due"
