"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "thefanof" 2014-06-16 "The Daenerys are always good, but they develop that character in very slow and then sudden bursts of action. This episode did drag at some points too."
"2" "Neksmater" 2014-05-12 "Another week of Game of Thrones, another battle, more political plannings, all in a day's work. King's Landing Tommen is officially crowned King of the Seven Kingdoms. Margaery and Cersei both agree that he will be a just king after the past handful had been so terrible. Joffrey, Robert (who was cool but didn't know how to rule to save his life), Aerys. Not very hard to pass up those. Although Margaery feigning the whole \"I hadn't thought about it\" was trite and Cersei totally saw right through it. In receiving counsel from her father Cersei agrees that Tommen and Margaery will be married in a fortnght and her and Loras a fortnight after that. Tywin reveals that the Crown is deeply indebted to the Iron Bank of Braavos and that gold has run dry in Casterly Rock for years (meaning they've been borrowing against their value in credit from the Iron Bank) which means the Tyrrells are the only truly wealthy ones in the Kingdoms left and their alliance needs to happen to appease to Iron Bank surely. Cersei visits Prince Oberyn and inquires about Myrcella (who is in Dorne as part of the Martell/Lannister alliance). Oberyn tells her that Myrcella is extremely happy and he agrees to take a ship that Cersei had built for her back to Dorne with him and that \"her mother misses her very  Seeing the motherly side of Cersei is always weird, but Tyrion is always right when he said that the only redeeming quality is that she loves her children. Also Tywin mentioned the trial which will surely take place beginning next week and will be a delight to finally see. In the Vale Baelish and Sansa pass the Blood Gate (which we heard of in the series and is mentioned in the book) and it quite the chokepoint for anyone who tried to invade the Vale. According to history it hasn't been passed by in over 1000 years by hostile forces. Sansa meets her Aunt Lysa and her cousin Robyn (who isn't breastfeeding anymore thankfully). Lysa, while nice and cordial at first, quickly grows suspicious of Sansa and suspects Baelish of sleeping with her (which is why he went all the way to King's Landing to save her in her mind). But Sansa brilliantly plays the \"I'm a stupid girl\" routine and Lysa then becomes the good aunt once again. It's like Sansa traded in one miserable castle for another, as she has to marry her snivelly eight to ten year old cousin and has to hear her aunt in the throes of passion through the wall of her room. Still beats hanging out with Joffrey in every way though. And how bout that reveal that Baelish was behind Jon Arryn's poisoning? It unfolded a little differently in the books but he has essentially put the entire series into the motion it would seem. Meereen Daenerys meets with her small council in the palace of Meereen contemplating whether to take King's Landing with her new army. Barristan and others says that she should return home and the houses will rally around her but Jorah (in private) tells her of the news from the other cities she freed (Yunkai and Astapor) and how after her leaving with no occupying forces they fell back into the hands of the great masters and a Butcher King. She declares that to be worthy of Westeros she will stay in Meereen and rule. Riverlands Arya repeats her names before bed which bothers the Hound. The next morning she returns to doing water dancing with Needle and when the Hound approaches her she tells him of Syrio Fyrel and his great swordsmanship. The Hound says he wasn't so great if he was cut down by Meryn Trant and had no sword. That and, \"he died because Meryn Trant had armor and a big f***ing sword\" after Arya tries to stab him with Needle (bounces off) and he backhands her into the dirt. Guess it just is an example of the differing fighting styles of Westeros and Braavos since her sword and fighting method seem to be no good to armored opponents.  The North Locke scouts ahead of the party to raid Craster's and spots eleven men. They raid the camp just in time as Karl was about to rape Meera. A pretty decent fight scene is engaged as Jon cuts down crow after crow. Bran enters Hodor with his warg abilities and breaks him out of his chains and carries him and gets Jojen and Meera out of the camp. He knows he can't reunite with Jon as if Jon saw him he would try to stop him from finding the 3 eyed crow and take him back to Castle Black no doubt. Locke grabs Bran and tries to get away but Bran enters Hodor and snaps his spine (yeah!) Surely the Night's Watch will never know that Locke was really a plant by Roose Bolton to bring/kill Bran and/or Jon in the North since he's dead now. Ghost and Summer are set free, Summer chases down the last mutineer. Bran heads North again without meeting up with Jon, Jon reunites with Ghost and they all burn Craster's to the ground after he offers to take Craster's wives back to Castle Black for safety. Jon's fight with Karl was pretty cool btw.  Another great episode of Game of Thrones. The only sad thing about it is that we are now halfway through this years offering which is saddening indeed. But we have some very great material ahead of us (those who read the books surely will know) and things in King's Landing will surely be more tense than ever with Tyrion's trial coming up."
"3" "Yaspaa" 2014-05-12 "I get really nervous watching this show. Once I've watched it... I can't watch it for the first time again. This season maybe my favourite, it manages to deliver on all fronts without being unsettling. This episode was on about fifty five minutes and it felt like 10, just wonderful. I worry about Hodor, though."
"4" "aligroo" 2014-05-05 "A great episode with some amazing revelations, fight scenes and scheming; just awesome"
"5" "Djkotsios" 2014-05-05 "And here we are again at that terrible part of the season where we think to ourselves \"We're halfway done already?!\" And it's true, with this 5th episode of Game of Thrones, we are indeed halfway done, but it has been an episode that has given us a lot to look forward to in the upcoming episodes. In this episode of Game of Thrones, we see a look back at the past of the series, beginning from the \"Previously On\" scene which went back to Season 1. We see a mystery that has been an unanswered question since the first season to answer itself in the fourth season (a mystery that got the story started to begin with!) In addition to that. we see Arya remembering some events from the first season in another argument with the Hound, and we see the relationship between the two turning even more antagonistic which simply makes it even more fun!  We also see a whole different Cersei in this episode, while I believed that she would be a total b*** against Margaery, it turns out she is not just that (fortunately too as the Lannisters appear to be out of gold and need the Tyrells -  In addition, we return to the Vale (this time passing from the Bloody Gate) and we come across Sansa who just seems to move from one nightmare to another!  North of the Wall, we see Jon taking onto Craster's keep and in the road to the Wall, we see a nice relationship slowly developing between Pod and Brienne, and I am really interested to see where this will turn out. Across the Narrow Sea, Daenerys takes an important decision, as she realizes that taking power is the easy part, holding onto power and ruling is the hard part.  Concluding, \"First of His Name\" was an excellent episode, which was well crafted and looks back at the early seasons of the series, making it look more complete and showing us that the stories told all have ties to one another in some way. While no ground shaking events have taken place in this week's episode, I believe the makers of the show have looked back at the past of the series making it look complete. Overall, it has been another well crafted episode of Game of Thrones that sets the mood for the greatness that awaits. Can't wait for next week!"
"6" "theCarlaGriffin" 2014-05-05 "The place where Game of Thrones really shines in comparison with the books (don't worry, no spoilers here) is with the side characters. Not the important ones, but the very minor characters, characters like Tommen, Robin and Pod are given so much more life with a person behind them, rather than just a name on a page. It's hard to feel much for their book counterparts, there's a name, maybe a slight description of appearance and a little backstory, but they are forgettable and shallow compared to the much more richly developed main cast. However seeing them portrayed on screen gives so much more life to these names. Tommen didn't have any lines this episode, just a warm smile and besotted glances at Margaery, yet through the visual medium GOT has the advantage of being able to show what it's literary counterpart could only tell. Tommen is good natured, if a little dim and naive. Seeing Robin of the Vale carelessly tossing Littlefinger's gift through the sky door and grinning at Sansa with a slightly manic look in his eyes is a different experience to reading about his sickly, shrill appearance. Poor devoted Pod, trying his best and still doing a lacklustre job as Brienne's squire, but still endearing himself to her through his passion for the work and to his sworn master. Without the need to use words to describe the characters, the show uses their time on screen to show us what these characters are like, and it does it well. Onto the rest of the show, after Tommen's coronation we see a Cersei, still mourning her firstborn son. She is no longer filled with the fiery rage or ice cold from the previous episodes, she mostly seems sad. Sad as she notes Margaery's black mourning clothes and knowing that the girl doesn't really care about his death. Sad as she relents to her father's control over her life as she arranges her unwanted marriage to Loras. And sad as she talks about her daughter with Oberyn. Overall this episode I think that she just needs a big hug. We see her discussing Tyrion's trial, trying to persuade the men in charge that justice should be sought against him. Because though we as viewers are sure that our beloved Tyrion is innocent, she knows that he is responsible, and she is trying to seek justice for her son, the only thing she can do. Daenerys' check in was short this week, we learn that she has the ships to sail to Westeros with a small army and hope that taking Kings Landing will be enough to rally enough Houses to her rule to take over the Seven Kingdoms. I notice that there was no mention of her dragons this episode, or in any of the episodes of late. Now that the dragons are getting huge it is understandable that the show doesn't have the budget to show them as much, but a mention now or then would be nice. They were all anyone could talk about when they were the size of a Chihuahua but now that they're the size of small horses they go without mention for whole episodes. Of course the focus of Dany's story so far this season is the fate of her freed slaves, and there appears to be trouble with the people. How can she spark an uprising then flee before anything has really changed?  Arya and The Hound also had just a quick check in this week. She still has a list of people she intends on killing, he's still on it, and he doesn't care. It was great to see her practising her water dancing again, something that we haven't seen since Season 1. Of course The Hound remained unimpressed and stands firmly behind the armour and big sword approach to fighting as opposed to elegant technique. Sansa and Littlefinger are on their way to The Vale, much to my excitement. The people there definitely leave something to be desired, but the set is gorgeous, I love the airy space and the pale blue decor. She reunites with her aunt and cousin and for a brief, lovely moment we get a rare treat: a happy Stark. Not too happy of course, she's still on the run under accusation of murdering the king, and in a strange place with a creepy man, but we get to see Sansa smile and seem genuinely full of life for a moment. Of course, that can't last too long and she soon discovers how precarious her newfound safety is. The terrifying Lysa is jealous of her, jealous of how much Littlefinger cares for her, and she shows that she is not against hurting the niece who reminds her of the older sister she was always jealous of. Lysa even used a tidy little metaphor about Sansa and Catelyn's love of sweets, poor girl is always getting her sweet tooth used against her. So Sansa's only protection in The Vale is Littlefinger's creepy obsession with her, which is unlikely to lead anywhere good. Also she has to marry her unhinged, sickly, little cousin which sounds more like a babysitting job than a bright future. Poor Sansa's best marriage option so far was the lovely Loras, who would hardly make a good husband (to a woman anyway). I do love the way that Sansa handled her aunt in this scene, she saw Lysa's jealousy and immediately insulted herself, saying that Littlefinger had called her stupid and useless. The way that she reads people and assures them that she is small and weak and no threat is probably her best survival tactic. She is weak and probably no threat to anyone at the moment, but I hope that we get to see her grown more and develop her manipulation skills. Finally we have Jon and Bran, miraculously two Starks (well a Stark and a Snow, but Jon counts as an honorary Stark) in the same place at the same time. Of course we don't get the joyous reunion scene that everyone was hoping for because the Starks are not allowed to every be happy or together. Bran and co. manage to escape the clutches of both the rogue Nightswatch men and Roose Bolton's man, but in a terrible way. Bran's power to take over sweet Hodor's body is horrific enough, but making him kill was truly disturbing. It was necessary of course, but my heart went out to poor Hodor, recoiling in horror as he realised what his body had been made to do. I was very happy to see Jon and Ghost reunited, and the rogue Nightswatch men slaughtered. In a show with such complex and morally dark characters there is really no room for a  villain who literally drinks from a skull and monologues about how evil he is. The final scene with Craster's hut going up in flames was cathartic, and it was nice to see that Jon gave Craster's wives/daughters the option of taking care of themselves, god knows those women have been through enough for a few thousand lifetimes. Overall it was a satisfying episode, Sansa is in a new location and the Nightswatch deserters are dead and gone. There was still a lot of set up, with Tyrion's trial, the upcoming weddings (oh no, when does anything good happen at at GOT wedding?), Dany at somewhat of a crossroads, and Brienne, Pod, Arya and The Hound ambling about looking for trouble. Looking forward to next week.       "
"7" "jackcomp" 2014-05-05 "The pieces are moving on the board. Nothing major happened today besides the fact we learned important that was happening in season 1. We also know who to blame for screwing the Stark family forever (Hint: It was Tully once). I feel there is a storm that's about to hit. "
"8" "ionee24" 2014-05-05 "The practical side of Cersei manifests through new marriage arrangements, luckily for her family since they are up to their necks in debts (that only a marriage to the Tyrells may pay), and her little brothers would rather kill in battle than to marry themselves. In another part of the Realm, Brienne & Pod are making a wonderful foil for Arya & The Hound, bonding that brings new sides to the characters and lighten the mood for what Bran must endure. In swift move, Arya's little brother, no lists whatsoever, proceeds to kill his first assassin. None other than Mr. Locke.  "
