"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "chillchick99" 2014-04-26 "How can I watch the episodes? Do I need to click something or go somewhere? Help, anyone"
"2" "rajkodjurickovic" 2013-11-30 "super"
"3" "nananabatman" 2013-07-02 "There really weren't many things happening in Game of Thrones' first season and therefore it seems quite disappointing that it's over by now and this episode already is a set-up for season 2. But that is definitely the only disappointing thing to find with this season finale.  Directly continuing where 'Baelor' left off, 'Fire and Blood' shows us the dramatic aftermath of Eddard Stark's beheading. We see the reaction of every Stark family member and those scenes are some of the emotionally best in the series yet. After that, the matter changes somewhat too quickly, and Robb Stark's army is back to planning for war with all of them now recognising the eldest Stark child as the true king of Westeros, however, this was also a very interesting moment. Preventing the story from dragging in the middle part are a great conversation between Tyrion and his father and Daenerys waking up again (in case you've forgotten: there was some serious shit going on with her in the last episode too!) The only part that  wasn't as good as it could've been was, once again, the storyline at the Night's Watch. Unfortunately, some of the acting was weak and the pacing didn't work very well either. All in all, I didn't feel as thrilled as I felt when I saw 'Baelor' for the first time. But then, there comes this awesome final scene that will impress the hell out of you. Emilia Clarke is completely Emmy-worthy in these last five minutes and the closing shot is freaking amazing. I really liked almost everything about 'Fire and Blood' and I would say that it's the 3rd best episode of GoT's first season. It's utterly entertaining and I could hardly think of a better way to end this excellent first season."
"4" "AJLane-TCP" 2012-04-12 "The Good:  -\"Robb, you've ruined your sword.\" Robb's violence against a tree represents his anger at his father's Gods, and calls to mind what Cersei muttered earlier about the things men do to show that they care.  -The monstrous baby does not make an appearance. The notion of it is more frightening than actually seeing it may have been.   -\"You're my son.\" For once, Tywin admits it to Tyrion.   -Dragons appear, to replace what Daenerys has lost. The game just got more interesting.  The Bad:  -It would have been nice if Jon's ride from the Wall had spanned two episodes instead of part of one. The suspense of the event was lacking."
"5" "ZaleIsBackAgain" 2011-12-24 "Fantastic ending to a wonderful season. I thought there were some things that could have been done better. The first is the storyline with Robb Stark's war against Tywin Lannister. The declaration of his coming as king came way too early in the episode. It's like they just sort of threw that early to get it out of the way. Maybe it's understandable because having three storylines coming off with a dramatic cliffhanger like that in succession may have been a little too overboard. If that's really the case, then it's better that Robb's ascension to kinghood was the first to conclude because the last two were the most important. It's difficult to explain, but the events in Westeros seems to be the main focus of the story, and yet the two plots that are happening outside of Westeros, such as the war with Mance Rayder beyond the wall and the coming of dragons from Daenerys, are the biggest. It creates this effect that these two less concentrated story lines are going to have a huge impact on the one getting the most attention, and those in Westeros won't have any idea what's going to hit them. Nonetheless though, a fantastic episode that wrapped everything together nicely. Saw all my favorite characters (Tyrion, Jon Snow, Daenerys), and the season finale set up the events of the second book almost too beautifully. "
"6" "guyroy1971" 2011-11-13 "Fantasy often has the Syfy channel stink to it..like Dungeons and Dragons movies they often are awful.  Lord of the Rings has been the lone exception in the genre.  But Game of Thrones may do for Fantasy what Battlestar Galatica did for Sci-Fi.  This is a fully realized universe, like LOTR with very well thought out characters and a believable plot.  This series drew me in and is my favorite new series this year.  The finale did its job of setting up book two, and the next season.  The series to me is like Battlestar in that although fantasy, it is realistic in the character approaches.  It avoids the tropes of evil wizard or good guy and all the characters are shades of grey.  The Starks are the nominally \"good\" family, unwillingly drawn into a game of thrones (a quote in the book by Dany's knight that regular people do not care for the high people's game of thrones, they only want to be left alone)  The \"evil\" characters are given actual motivations for their action.  In most fantasy, the evil are evil because they are evil.The acting is very good and it looks like dragons are back in this land and white walkers are coming.  The actor playing Tyrion has perfectly captured the dwarf with the only sense and honor in his family, and this has to be the role of a lifetime for the actor.  I don't think even LOTR gave such a sympathetic nuanced character, and the actors were normal sized and cgi'd to seem small.  He steals every scene and his character is the most complex in the show. Tyrion is pulled between his intelligence and honor and the shark infested waters of blood and family.Ned Stark also was a great character and I did not know he died (I'm reading the book now).  The person who is pulled into a role he did not want and is killed for it is a very tragic figure, and his death was a shock and we actually cared when he died.The main question for season 2 is whether the rest of the cast can rise to equal Sean Bean's gravitas..they are mostly unknowns and young.  If the acting remains strong, this could be HBO's first post Sopranos great show."
"7" "XavierPaquett" 2011-11-13 "Really, i mean, really. This show is excellent. There is so few moment that i didn't liked, it is for me the best show i've ever seen yet ! This episode let us wonder alot about what is to come next. And i do like seeing primary character been killed. This is a fantasy world, but at the same time really realistic. This is for sure an adult show, and for a change i really like it ! I mean, most of fantasy show is not serious enough. In game of the thrones, everyone is for himself, everyone acted very good. The universe is believable, the characters aren't just good or evil, they go deep, they make us feel like it could be a true story. Nudity and adult scene is most of the time representative of reality, their reality. This is not a children game. However how much you like a character for its honor, you will learn fast enough how honor can lead even the greatest to their tomb! Backstabbing, personal gain, power, love, sex, fight, cast, gods, radical changes, even fantasy is incredible in this show. You really and easily get into this world. You feel like someone is telling you a story, but a story where you should learn lessons about the past, about humans, about ourselves. There was a profound researches by the author of the book about our past to make a believable story. But there is somethings i didn't liked as well. In the Eries, the mother, over protecting her son, wasn't good actor enough. I don't know why, but she seemed really nowhere, maybe a bad actress choice, and even her son wasn't good at acting. It was not serious for me enough to believe it. There is really few times like this in the show, and its why i like it. I really think its a masterpiece, and for someone following many shows, this one is one of the most epic i've ever seen ! -Xavier from Quebec, Canada, sorry for my English mistakes."
"8" "TrueTvWatcher" 2011-11-13 "Fire and Blood was a perfect season finale of the first season of Game of Thrones. I really enjoyed watching this episode because every thing changes drastically for a lot of the characters, there was action, intrigue, drama, and some darker sides of humanity were explored as well. It was so cruel what Joffrey did to Sansa. It was awesome what Jon Snows brothers of the Knights Watch did to make him keep his oath. Winter is coming and their war is as important if not more so than any other over the Iron Throne. I thought it was a great idea what the men of the North decided to do, changing Robb Starks life forever. I really liked the scenes ofDaenerys, especially in the end when she gave her rallying speech which was awesome. I loved her saying I amDaenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, of the Old Blood of Valeryia Daughter of the Dragon. In the end it appears she is destined for so much more! I look forward to watching the next season of Game of Thrones!!!!!!!!!"
"9" "thefanof" 2011-10-06 "My reaction to the final moments was: What? No, not Stone Cold's catchphrase, but rather shock at the reemergence of the dragons. At least the show is trying to stay true to the book (and I can pretend like I actually read that book, or any book.)The finale got us forgetting about Ned's death pretty quickly, which both a good and a bad thing. A good thing because Game of Thrones needed to establish that it could survive without Sean Bean because he isn't coming back, and they did. A bad thing because as epic as last week's episode was, they didn't drill it in our brains as to what a big deal it was by showing the aftermath of it as well as they could.The early problem of this show was differentiating all of these characters and this series from everything else on TV. Mission accomplished by the season finale. It was original, it was entertaining and now I'm hooked as a fan of GOT. Now we just have to wait a year for more episodes: great!"
"10" "hermwils" 2011-10-06 "I'm not even going to comment on the tragic death of Ned Stark because I kinda saw it coming (plus a friend already ruined it for me weeks before I saw the final episode). But the Daenerys/Khal Drogo storyline... what can I say. Didn't turn out at all as I expected. I was looking forward to seeing Daenerys march into Kings Landing with her badass hubbie and his band of barbarians, but so much for that. I know Drogo didn't really have many lines in this show, but Jason Momoa is a celebrity crush of mine and I think it would have been cool to see their relationship develop, considering how it started out.Ah well, the show must go on. The really unique thing about this show is that it's totally unpredictable (if you haven't read the book, which I haven't). I have no idea what Daenerys is going to do with three dragons (it was three right?) and a little ragtag band of barbarians/sheep herding peasants, but I expect that even without Khal Drogo she will become a pretty badass character herself and a powerful player in the drama over in Westeros.And I was glad to see Sansa finally grow a backbone and stand up to Joffrey, even if it did take her father's death to show her just how spoilt and nasty her fiance is. I hope to see great things from her in future. The Jon Snow storyline is getting boring. When are we going to see some character development? When is he going to fight more zombies?! Only time will tell I guess...."
"11" "mynameisjohnas" 2011-08-20 "I've watched the finale twice now and I'm still not sure what to think. There was definitely nothing bad about the episode in the sense that just about everything that has made the series strong in previous offerings was still there. The characters were three dimensional, their interactions with each other were just as rich and textured as we have come to expect and the plot was furthered along beautifully, and rationally I might add,in the aftermath of Ned's execution.However, my concern exists in two halves. The first half being that the episode seemed more like a denouement to me, rather than a climax, which is what I generally expect from a season finale. Essentially it left me wondering if it might not have been a better idea to have left Lord Eddard's fate in question until the end of this episode, rather than to have resolved it in the previous one. This would have allowed the writers to move the events of this episode to the season two opening and avoid the anti-climactic feel this one had. The second half, related to the first, and even more quintessential, is that Eddard's absence leaves a huge character vacuum in the GOT universe. The gravitas Sean Bean brought to Lord Stark's character as this season's protagonist was, imo, beyond comparison and I didn't feel that any other character, despite the great performances they leveled under the direction of a great script, was, or will be, able to fill that void.Notes of mention:I enjoyed the reveal about Master Pycelle immensely since I had previously thought of him as nothing more than an aging old fart who was useful to pretty much no one. While I still do sort of still hold that opinion, I can't help but admit that he now seems a bit more interesting and worthwhile as a character since his facade, like everyone else in King's Landing, adds depth to the story arch that exists there. I couldn't help but chuckle when I saw start him doing his stretches in his gown given how surprising and out of character it was.His fluid discussion about the sorrow of watching a great man lose his mental faculties, when discussing the previous Mad King, which was supplemented by his rambling about how Joffery seems like he will be a great king, was deliciously delivered and makes me wonder what his honest opinions about the boy are. Further more, the revelation about his deception makes me wonder if either Varys or Baelish is aware of Pycelle's true nature. After all, the sex worker that was with him is employed by Baelish who may have her there (as one of his \"little birds\")to try and keep the odd tab on his mental condition. It also makes me wonder if Baelish, Pycelle and whoever else might be purchasing her services are using her as much as she might be using them to some sort of end.-Tyrion's reaction to Tywin calling him his son (probably for the first time ever)was perfect and confirmed to me that Dinklage is one of the best actors of the series. I didn't find it over done and it played on the technique Bean so masterfully used to convey more emotion by saying less or nothing at all.-Enjoyed seeing Rob hack at the tree and the look on his face as his mother approached after the news of Ned's execution.-Jamie's antagonist attitude towards Catelyn, which later morphed into something remotely resembling sympathy and remorse,when she came to see him was very interesting to watch. I say this because the majority of characters in this show seem to have two sides to them. The first being the one they wear when out in public and the other they wear when in the company of those they love or trust which can not ever be removed because it is the true version of themselves. Jamie's stand off demeanor towards Cateyln seemed like his default setting and one he wanted to use because he knew it would antagonize her and maybe cause her to punish him physically in some manner or another which he maybe thought he deserved. I don't know...I could be off on that interpretation but his confession about being responsible for Bran's fall and his recommendation that Catelyn get some rest led me to believe, as have a few of his previous actions, that he is this series' Severus Snape, Arvin Sloan or David Xanatos. Not to sound corny or cliched, but there seems to be both good and evil fighting for control inside of him- the strength of each possibly influenced by the simple presence of those around him and the events occurring in the world he inhabits.-The second face off between Baelish and Varys was entertaining as always and left me thinking the Varys we saw in the dungeon with Ned was probably his true face, whereas the one he presented to Baelish obviously being his fake one. The idea of him actually respecting Littlefinger somehow seemed...a little too insincere to me.-The progression of having various different groups splinter into pockets seeking power of some sort in the aftermath of Robert and Ned's Deaths' was the most logical and realistic path for the story to take. George Martin is most likely a student of history since usually when you have a strong leader (or leaders) disappear, regardless of their morality or the cause of their disappearance, various different groups will arise to try and seek all, or at least pieces, of the pie that are up for grabs. One need look no further than Iraq or the current uprisings in the Middle East today for such examples.Anyways, over all I thought it was a great episode, but just not up to scratch for what I would have expected from a season finale. "
"12" "ErezBiron" 2011-08-20 "I mean, this is the end of the season? Very disappointing. Doesn't feel like an ending of anything. Only thing that ended, is the Dargo story. (and started new story, as season ending should) But for everything else... and where is the climax ? yawn. It's not a bad episode. IMHO, it deserves 8.5, IF it was a normal episode in the middle of the season. But, it's a a bad ending.A great Season ending should have a definite sense of completion. The main story arc of the season should be completed. It was not done here. At all.Maybe it's the same ending as the book. (must say, never read it) Maybe it's just the way of the producers to \"make\" us come for more next year. (not a very good way to do so, IMHO)I was so expecting this episode. So I'm guessing that this is why I'm so disappointed.I'm so much disappointed, that I'm not sure I'm coming back for the second season, because I actually worry that they might end the next season the same way."
"13" "johnfordfr" 2011-08-18 "As some have mentioned, this episode may have felt a bit more like an epilogue than a standard climatic season finale. But GOT is by no means a standard TV series!We have resolutions, and pieces set for what's to come of next season.Again we have a major character dying (Drogo), and I suppose we should get accustomed to that. There's no telling what will happen next to any character with George RR Martin it seems, and that's what makes it brilliant!The resolutions for Robb \"The King of the North\", Jon Snow and Danaerys were all more or less foreseeable, but none the less, super climatic in the episode. The Greatjon delivered a stunning motivating speach, as did Old Bear Mormont, and we get brilliant performances by Emilia Clarke and Iain Glen as Dany and Jorah.On the contrary, I was caught totally by surprise by the newfound respect and trust that Tywin puts in Tyrion, passing on to him the title of Hand of the King, showing how little faith he now has in Joffrey (not that surprising) and Cercei (didn't see that one coming at all, as I thought they were the two pulling the strings for the Lannisters). This should be interesting to see Tyrion at court, hopefully getting us some more Joffrey-slapping, funny Bronn moments (I guess he'll come as his personnal guard and his confrontation with the Kings Guard men should be interesting) and, I'm sure, delightful battles of words between Tyrion, Littlefinger and Varys.Those last two delivered again a briliant duel of words that isn't in the book (haven't got that far in the book, but when there's no point of view character, it's easy to guess which scens were added for the series), once again showing their mutual respect/fear for each other. You do not truly believe Varys when he talks of his respect of Petyr, but when he says \"I wouldn't bet against you\", you believe him a lot more, and I've been told we haven't seen the last surprise and trick up the sleeve from Lord Baelish, whose ambition, and talent at manipulating people should get him far in the story.There was also two very instersting moments that were not in the books, that's the revelation of Maester Pycelle senility, as he speaks to Ros about Joffrey, as if she was Cercei, and showing us how clueless he is about Joffrey's character. The paralle he unkowingly makes about the descend into madness of Aerys II and his own mind collapsing was spotless.We also see a broken Cercei now sleeping with her cousin, and surprisingly not a single scene where she tries to condemn Joffrey or take back power over him (justifying Tywin's decision), she seems clearly broken, unable to control the monster the has created.Finally Arya gets saved somewhat by Yoren, assuming the identity of a orphan boy, that she was often mistaken for in Kings Landing, and marching to the wall to supposedly take the black! Nice to see Gentry coming along, and apparently going to be somewhat of a companion of misadventure for her, Robert's bastard might play a big roles in upcoming books/seasons (and suprisingly the series was oblivious to his bastard daughter in the Vale), I'm highly doubtless that she will eventually become a sworn \"brother\" of the Night's Watch, but it's a nice turn of event for her character, and a story arc I look forward to.All in all this first season of Game of Thrones introduced us to the deepest, most rich and complex universe ever put to the small screen, and maybe even the big one. In fact, I can't really believe the brilliant world and characters created by Martin hadn't already been translate to another medium (like a video game at least, since a movie will be way to short of a format to even translate one book in a couple hours), but we can be thankful that such a gem seems in good hand with the show runners, the help of Martin, and the money of HBO, although I hope they get even more budget for next seasons, are huge battles are clearly ahead of us, as well as dragons, and hopefully the flaming sword of Tyros of Myr, a character totally absent from the show for now, only seeing a quick scene with his companion Beric Danderrion, as I've been told those two are a quite interesting pair starting book 2. Which I'm going to start reading asap, since waiting 10 months for what's to come in Westeros seems totally impossible for me!"
"14" "iv_raziel" 2011-08-18 "Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya...Kaaliseee kamal hai yar...kiya end kiya hai muzza a gya..."
"15" "goa103" 2011-08-18 "One season, ten episodes, more than five hundred minutes. Our televisual journey only lasted two months and two weeks but I'll always carry it with me from now on. There're shows you keep worrying about. Will the next episode deliver ? You have doubts, you lose faith or you keep being disappointed over and over. But very quickly we learned that Game of Thrones plays in its own league. There will be a before and after it because it redefined how fantasy should be pictured on TV. Fire and Blood was in the same vein as the other nine episodes but it bore the steamy pressure of being the last installment of a stellar series that transported millions of viewers over the rainbow. Who could possibly expect it to be better than Winter is Coming ? Comparing them in terms of quality doesn't really make any sense because I think it's wiser to consider the episodes as a whole. Yes because season one was, is and will ever be a living organism of its own.I don't know if watching the show changed your life but as a reviewer it opened my eyes. Before I used to only believe in spoiler-free writing but avoiding to reveal something important is pointless when it comes to Game of Thrones, except its pilot of course, because in terms of decision making I just can't see anyone who would need to read a review. Should I watch the next episode ? Pure heresy ! You can't resist the irresistible. Indeed from its inspiring substance to its award-winning production everything about this ultimate episode was excellent, and the whole show by extension. First all arcs were properly covered and even Bran was back ! Jon Snow new friends helped him choose his path. Little big Tyrion was forced to become the new hand of the king. As I wished for Arya is now a tiny Joan of Arc version and as expected the fainting Sansa is stronger than she seemed. Sophie Turner's performance was impressive considering the extreme emotions she had to play. The second element that made the finale so exceptional was the considerable amount of eye-popping or epic scenes. Robb Stark proclaimed King of the North by his men was epic and the smile on his face was majestic ! Richard Madden's talent made Sean Bean's sudden departure less painful. Ned lost his head but his soul moved to his eldest son's body. But of course the impact it had on us was nothing compared to peeping the old counselor faking insanity around Littlefinger's charming worker and his hunchback before entering the iron stage. The show is a casting model when it comes to leveraging the acting experience of the ancients !Otherwise what we will really dream about is the last sequence featuring Daenerys and her magnificient babies. Seeing her delicate body among smoking ashes hosting freshly hatched dragons was oneiric. The T-Rex attack in Jurassic Park, Dragonheart seamless visual effects and now the rebirth of House Targaryen. Long live the Queen ! Such fantastic appearances are rare on TV and the last time I was so enchanted by them was probably while watching Primeval. However here the legendary animals looked as much as real as the dire wolves ! The odyssey was so epic that waiting for season 2 could be a living nightmare but in my opinion that inevitable break is a blessing. Indeed it'll leave latecomers like me the precious time they need to finally read A Song of Ice and Fire ! Fire and Blood ? A chalice of sacred water that revitalized our every cells and boosted our imagination."
"16" "ionee24" 2011-08-18 "Labor pains strike early in the episode, as Arya runs for her life, once she finds help with the King's bastard she's free to seek her brother at the Wall. As ravens and dreams spread the news of Ned's death, Joffrey only spreads dread in Sansa's life. Starting with her father's head and ending with a slap. She's just as ready to kill him,  as the Hound is to stop her in the act, with his own handkerchief Sandor wipes the blood off her lips, for her torture has just began.The balance of power shifting, a Stark soon to rise, Robb's men swear him loyalty, as Lady Catlyn threatens Jaime's life. Ser Jorah watches over Daenerys, her firstborn has just died, blinded with grieve she enters her husband's funeral pyre, labor pains engulf her as do with Mirri the flames from the pyre; Drago's posthumous children are finally born, for the eggs have hatched three Dragons and Dany is a mother at last."
"17" "JaCkKbAuEr2424" 2011-08-18 "After the chaotic and absolutely superb penultimate episode last week, it's not surprising that the season finale of \"Game of Thrones\" seemed to lack the staying power that the last few episodes had.    Even if the episode was a step down, I'd still be happy overall.  However, the complete lack of actual momentum here at times was palpable, and while we're left with the perfect segue way into Season 2, a season finale shouldn't be simply a segue way; it should act as its own piece of work, something that closes the story of the current season while setting the pieces for the next season.  This episode felt more open-ended, as if the show is one long season and every episode is just a small piece of that season.  Some people may not agree with me (and I'll probably end up liking this episode more on a rewatch), but for now, I think \"Baelor\" made a more suitable finale.But despite all of these tiny little nitpickings that I'm doing, I must admit that the episode overall was good, in terms of writing and the way everything was constructed.  The writers have done a great job of setting up what should be an epic Season 2.  \"Game of Thrones\" is one of those shows with at least two-dozen main characters, so it's surprising at how well the writers do at balancing out all of the stories.  Following Ned Stark's death, King Joffrey (who I still see as a weird Malfoy type character, evil tendencies and all)asserts his dominance over King's Landing and becomes as horrible as one could imagine him as King.  Sansa is still to marry him while Arya, with the help of Ned's man, cuts her hair, dons a sword and, along with Robert Baratheon's bastard son, sets off for The Wall.Things are intensifying for the Stark family elsewhere as well.  Robb Stark finds himself with men willing to pledge their loyalty to him as King, while Cat suffers from the loss of Ned and finds that Jaime Lannister is actually willing to admit his role in Bran's fall.  As for Jon Snow, the other member of the family, we witness him nearly breaking his vows in order to murder Joffrey but is brought back to reality by Sam and his friends.  By episode's end, he's accepted the fact that he'll be a member of the Nightswatch for life, and with the rest of the crew, sets off across the Wall to hunt and also find Benjin, his uncle who's been missing since at least Episode 4.  While the most focus in the Stark family has been on Ned, Jon Snow and Cat, the back five episodes have really helped build Sansa, Arya and Robb into their own unique characters, particularly Robb, who I initially thought was a bland character but was forced to eat my words after the actor who plays him brought a youthful but energetic personality.  I'm looking forward to seeing how his war against Tywin Lannister turns out.  And as for Jon Snow, I started off looking forward to seeing what would happen and ended up not caring as much, mostly because compared to everything else, Jon's plot was pushed aside and not built on.  However, with him accepting his role within the Nightswatch, next season's plots should be really great.Then there's the plot involving Daenerys.  Daenerys learns that not only is her son dead but that the witch's magic turned Khal Drogo into a vegetable.  Daenerys is furious and ends up mercy-killing Drogo, building a funeral pyre, burning Drogo's body, the witch and the eggs at the same time and then throwing herself into the center of the pyre, while her aid Jora simply watches in horror.  However, while the Dothroki/Daenerys plot may have seemed the most isolated from everything, the final moments of the finale seem ready to bring Daenerys into the heart of everything going on.  When it's revealed that Daenerys did not actually die but was stripped naked by the fire that actually hatched the three dragon eggs, we're left with chills, knowing that the birth of three new dragons can only mean dark and horrific things in the future for the characters in the show.I look back at what I just wrote at the start of the review, and yes, I think the episode was disappointing in some aspects.  But I also think that the writers set themselves up to make a finale that couldn't stand up to \"Baelor.\"  \"Baelor\" was ballsy in the way it killed off a main character so early, and the finale didn't have that same epic feel to it.  But it definitely was well-written and set things up, so I can't complain too much.  I'm still incredibly into the show and cannot wait to see what in the world George R.R Martin has set up next.  "
"18" "Neksmater" 2011-06-22 "Following the climactic death last week we are shown the aftermath and how Arya is taken in by Yoren of the Night's Watch and passed off as a boy with the new recruits to head North thus ensuring an escape from King's Landing. Sansa remains Joffrey's prisoner and he is determined to keep her. Daenerys learns the consequences of her actions to keep Drogo alive last week when her child dies and the sorceress reveals that she was indeed duplicitous in her dealings with Dany and she ordered to burn alive along with Drogo's now vegetable like corpse after Dany euthenizes him as well. She is reborn with the dragon eggs being hatched and while naked her new makeshift khalasar bows to her. Jon runs but is brought back and agrees to ride out with the rest of the Night's Watch to discover the mysteries beyond the Wall. Catelyn questions Jaime Lannister about Bran's fall and he discloses that he did the crime but not why. Robb and the rest mourn Ned's death and Tywin, now taken aback by Robb's battlefield prowess plans to retreat as Renly and Stannis Baratheon both claim the throne and he intends to send Tyrion to King's Landing to serve as Hand of the King in his stead while he fights the other armies. Robb is also named a king of sorts by his bannermen saying that they will serve the one who rules the North. This was a very good set up episode for things to come and there is a little bit of Book 2 put in there to get us ready for next year. This was not the episode that last week's was but definitely one of the best season ender's I've seen in a long time and I can't wait to see Season 2 as Game of Thrones has blossomed into a truly captivating fantasy epic with some of the richest characters on television. RIP Ned Stark. "
"19" "MattFuster" 2011-06-21 "Nearly every tv show needs at least one filler episode. But that's what makes Game of Thrones so awesome, nothing is shown that doesn't have some purpose. Even the nudity and violence is only shown in situations that are organic and never is it excessive. With the season coming to a close, the writer's continue to artfully craft this intriguing tale. With the same pacing that has made this series great, we are shown some major events shown in a naturally progressive manner.The most notable revelations have to be those of Jamie and Grand Master Pycelle. Jamie shows hints that he hates the character that he proudly promotes in front of others, and that maybe some good lies inside of him. While Pycelle shows that he has mastered the art of survival even during the most maddening of times, by revealing his true self when the whore leaves.I fully support the decision to end the season after Ned's death. The season finale, although not climactic, proves to be the perfect launching pad for season two. Lastly I'll say that I can see Dany's story being the slowest to develop but it does seem to have the most magical influence over everything else going on, which can make for some compelling storylines later.Game of Thrones is one of the few adaptations that seems to do the book justice. With great production value, acting, pacing, and intrigue throughout the story, I can see this series having a long and healthy life."
