"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "nananabatman" 2013-05-24 "Many people named this as the least entertaining episode of the first couple of Game of Thrones episodes and I completely understand that because it's really a lot about explaining things like new characters and the records of all the characters to the audience, which can be a bit boring if you already know about them like I did. Furthermore, it doesn't work like the series' pilot in which every scene was important - some scenes in this one (for example the one, really long scene including Mark Addy) did seem fairly unnecessary in my opinion.  Nevertheless, this is a hugely entertaining show even if it leaves sex and violence out as it does in this episode. The acting is superb and I really love the style of it (the shots of the Wall are again amazing). Outstanding scenes would be Arya's \"dancing class\" (the young girl learning how to use a sword would be something that most shows would have left out, but Game of Thrones actually makes it this episode's highlight because it's really enjoyable, amusing and well-acted) or the vibe between Daenerys and Jorah Mermont that gets more and more interesting as the marriage of Daenerys is revealed in this episode. The most interesting cast members were Nikolaj Coster-Waldau who had some really great dialogues with Sean Bean and Mark Addy in this episode and Peter Dinklage who is just an awesome guy. Another thing that should be singled out are the fantastic child actors and how they rightfully get the loads of screen time they deserve."
"2" "AJLane-TCP" 2012-04-10 "The Good:   -\"Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.\"   -The introduction of some undeniably important characters: Varys and Littlefinger.   -The story really begins in \"Lord Snow.\" Jon starts his work as part of the Night's Watch, Littlefinger and his background with Catelyn is revealed, and Arya begins her \"dancing\" lessons."
"3" "ZaleIsBackAgain" 2011-11-30 "One thing that you can always count on with Game of Thrones is steady and constant story development. If you were confused with the events the past two episodes threw at you, episode three did a better job of slowing things down. All three story lines were executed nicely; the Wall with Jon Snow and the trials he faces being a coddled high lord who received training, Daenerys Targaryen slowly conforming to her role as the khaleesi, and of course the conspiracies that run like a never ending river at King's Landing. Like the past two episodes, the acting was a unified success; you've grown to hate Viserys, Cersei, Joffrey, that one guy from the Night's Watch that seems to hate Jon Snow, and your love for the Starks starts to grow.Whether this is a good thing or bad thing, the book doesn't force on you to take sides as much as the show has. In the book, hate is bred, but not with scenes that obviously shows the Lannister's stance of the world and their plans to kill everyone. It is mot subtle. With television not being able to incorporate in head dialogue, it does a good job of compensating though. Though that is not the downfall of this episode. As well executed as all three story lines were, and while there were some twists here and there, there wasn't anything that really \"shook\" you. The first episode had Bran falling off a high tower after witnessing something he shouldn't have, the second the death of a young innocent boy and Sansa's dire wolf, but what of the third? The news of the dagger belonging to Tyrion Lannister? The troubles Benjen Stark talked of the lands north of the wall? Arya Stark acquiring a master swordsman? None of it kept you on your heels, as well executed the episode was."
"4" "JaCkKbAuEr2424" 2011-10-30 "I was reading a review of the show on a different website that stated the show shouldn't necessarily be graded based on individual episodes, and that the merits of the show and what it's tried to do should be justified based on the season as a whole.  Much like \"The Killing,\" I completely agree with that sentiment.  I thought this episode was pretty good as a piece of a puzzle, not necessarily as an individual episode of the show.I really like how the plot has slowed down for a little bit and let us get a grasp on who the heck these people are, especially for us non-readers.  The show still moves at a breakneck pace sometimes, but at least here, we got to see Tyrion, Jon Snow and the rest of the Nightswatch incomers interact, we got to see Ned Stark deal with the people of King's Landing (including a menacing conversation with Jaime Lannister, who is quickly becoming one of the lamest characters ever on TV, and I mean that in a good way, not in a negative way), as well as seeing a great scene between Robert Baratheon, Jaime Lannister and one of the King's right hand men, a guy who I can't remember the name of.. but here, they were all sharing their first kills, and it was an extremely revealing scene that gives us a look into these characters.Besides these plots, I found myself getting drawn more and more into the children characters.  Some shows have a lot of trouble getting their child actors to be compelling enough to lead a show, but between Sansa, Joffrey and Arya, who's quickly becoming my favorite character on the show, we have a cast that has been put together very well.  I'm really hoping now that Bran has woken up, we'll get some drama between the Starks and the Lannisters.  Obviously, Baratheon is going to have a big choice to make when he discovers what Cersei is doing to him, and I myself cannot wait to see what happens.As for the stuff going on with the Dothroki, Vaenerys and Daenerys, I'm not sure I care too much at this point.  I'm certain that there's going to be some sort of collision between them and the people in Westeros, but until then, there's not much going on.  I really do like Daenerys personal guard (I can't recall his name now) and I like how the brother keeps getting put in his place.  I still think the Khal Drago is a horrible person, but I suppose thanks to Daenerys, the show is making him out to be a more tender man instead of the savage he was at first portrayed as.I almost wish the show were twelve episodes long.. I bet you any money the extra two episodes would benefit the show a lot.  But I guess when you're working on a budget, you have to work with what you've got.  Right now, the show has seven more episodes to keep the story rolling, and seeing as I've never read the books, I'm happy with where the show's going right now to an extent.. I just hope they work out the pacing and don't try to rush through too much.  Because right now, the stories and characters are finally starting to get fleshed out.  The writers should at least recognize that and slow down and speed up accordingly."
"5" "thefanof" 2011-10-30 "\"Lord Snow\" has officially made me a fan of Game of Thrones. I watched the first two episodes and while it was a fun little show, I did not really buy into the hype. This episode convinced me that this show deserves all of the attention it has been getting and can be a really good series for HBO. Showtime had one of the best period dramas of the decade with The Tudors, but HBO has the potential to have won for the 2010's with Game of Thrones. Sean Bean was perfect in the role tonight in an episode that did not even feature him heavily. And the show has one of the best child actors on TV right now as the cocky young ruler.Lots of sword fights, lots of insults, exactly what this show needs to keep viewers hooked. Good episode tonight."
"6" "TrueTvWatcher" 2011-08-16 "Lord Snow was a very superb episode of Game of Thrones and i really enjoyed watching this episode because it continued the story lines of the various characters. There was lots of action, drama, intrigue, and new developments. I like how every thing is progressing for each of the characters. Things up at the wall were pretty exciting as Lord Snow is the best fighter there. Bran recovers only with no memory of what happened. It was interesting to see Lord and Lady Stark make their wayseparatelyto Kings Landing. I look forward to watching what happens in the next episode of Game of Thrones!!!!!!!"
"7" "goa103" 2011-06-04 "From beginning to end the experience was even more immersive than in the previous installments. The last sequence with Arya brought me back to the time I was dreaming about Willow. What a refreshing ending ! And how worrying to turn her cute and joyful sword dance into a battle Ned remembered ! Is she destined to become a Joan of Arc ? Will she have to disguise as a man to fight beside her father and brothers ? Daenerys, Jon Snow… There're so many characters to care about and others like Jaime Lannister to hate ! In fact I wonder why her evil brother is still alive. A king ? He seems all alone and powerless so I really hope we'll learn more about him in the upcoming episodes. But around them we really assisted to a ballet of wonders. From the exotic environments to the artifacts TV has never felt so fantastic. Comparing it to The Lord of the Rings trilogy is nearly an insult considering that show has already grown on us and imposed its own unique identity. Moreover once the episode was over I couldn't help imagining what would happen next and it's definitely the mark of greatness. The little boy in his bed who just woke up and wants to get scared because his reality couldn't be more frightening. The old lady did a vicious job at telling the story ! And what was happening on Jon's side perfectly matched her words. But in the end beside the majestic castles and bamboos in the wind the one scene I have decided to keep gently in a corner of my mind is the heartwarming passage between Ned and Arya in her bedroom. The most inspiring father and daughter relationship ! Last but not least I already want to learn Dothraki ! The unique language definitely contributes to the authenticity of the show."
"8" "Neksmater" 2011-06-04 "Tyrion Lannister and Jon Snow deal with their arrival at Castle Black and Jon realizes that the Night's Watch isn't as glamorous or honor worthy as his uncle may have told him. Uncle Benjen heads out into the wilderness to hunt the Wildlings that have been acting up. Eddard arrives at King's Landing and recieves the not so welcoming of Jaime Lannister and learns from the other Lords that a tournament is to be held for his appointment as the King's Hand even though Robert is in debt 3 million fantasy currency to the Lannisters, ouch. Bran says he doesn't remember anything and Jaime and Cersei try to decide what to do about him and it's clear that Jaime is the powerful one in their partnership or whatever it is. Cat also arrives at King's Landing and learns of the dagger Bran's would be assassin belonged too and it is Tyrion Lannister's but without any tangible evidence that they pushed Bran they can't do anything at the moment. Arya refuses to be lady like and is outraged by Joffrey's getting away with what he did so Eddard hires a sword master to teach her sword craft. Arya is a fiesty little one and she's really beginning to grow on me as she is beyond just the annoying tomboy character. I was surprised by Ned's defense of Sansa taking Joffrey's side saying that they are one day to be married and Cersei telling Joffrey that he can have whatever he wants out of the world is cringe worthy. Last but not least it was cool to see Daenerys learn she has more power over her brother and that she might be carrying Khal Drago's child. Good episode with a lot of important exposition and the details of Winter Coming are finally known to be taken very seriously and while it wasn't action packed it gave us enough insight into interesting characters to justify its existence."
"9" "SirSquinty" 2011-06-04 "Game of Thrones Episode 3: Lord Snow \"If you're going to be a cripple, it's better to be a rich cripple.\"       What better way to start a review than to quote Tyrion's best quote of the night? Personally, I do not remember if this quote was even in the book, but it was a fantastic addition to what I think was the best episode yet. Episode 1 was an introduction to the land of Westeros and its inhabitants, and episode 2 was largely setup for getting the characters where they need to go, and was filled with much travelling. Episode 3 is where we are finally able to sit back and watch the story unfold in all its brilliant glory. Now that the characters have begun to settle into their main story locations (at least for now), I think I will break this review up by character and location.             In one of the best scenes yet, Ned gets to the capital city (King's Landing) and is immediately pulled into council chambers only to be informed of the 6,000,000 gold in debt that King Robert has incurred upon the crown. I think this was the most immersive opening scene yet and really set the tone for the episodes that will follow. As the King's Hand and central protagonist of the series, Ned is going to be heavily involved in the politics of the kingdom, whether he wants to or not. Showing his ignorance to Robert's spendthrift ways, and learning is a very nice obstacle for Sean Bean to have to play, having just made the trek down from Winterfell up north, and he does so with grace.             I am not sure how I felt about the small scene between Prince Joffrey and Queen Cersei. Maybe it's not just Jack Gleeson's (Joffrey) portrayal Joffrey that bothers me. There's something about the way he is written that is continually irking me. Maybe he's just written as too evil too soon? It doesn't really seem to leave his character much room to grow. However, I'm totally content with the way that Cersei's character is written. She is as evil a lady as Westeros has produced, and the only thing in the world that matters to her are her children. On another note, the panoply of decorum in King's Landing is quite beautiful, and I'm looking forward to what the different cities look like.             Meanwhile, Catelyn arrives at King's Landing….that was fast! She is a woman on a mission to avenge her broken son, and nothing will stop her. I must say, I am really starting to respect the way Michelle Fairley is portraying Catelyn Stark. I suppose Jennifer Ehle, who was originally cast as Catelyn was fungible, but I think the replacement (Fairley) has seized the reins and spurred the horse forward in a very nice direction. Her resolve is a quiet demeanor, but when she speaks, you know she means business. I really liked the parting scene between her and Ned. It was definitely one to be remembered, and I really hope she is kept in mind when Emmy season rolls around, because I think she will only get better.             Up north, Tyrion has accompanied Jon on his trip to the wall. We are offered several scenes in which to give us further appreciation of Tyrion's character and Peter Dinklage's acting. Tyrion had some nice conversations with various men of the night's watch in which we learn of Tyrion's disbelief for the supernatural (he never is much of a gods worshiper in the books either). Jon Snow didn't have too much to do in this episode, which brings me to question why it was called 'Lord Snow,' but I suppose the writers have their own reasoning. It appears that Jon has an affectation for swordplay, but he's not trying to show off; he is the only one who has been raised in a castle with a proper master-at-arms for training. These sequences serve nicely to further establish Jon's outsider status. Even at the wall, which is practically built for outsiders, he remains an outcast.             Across the narrow sea, Viserys is very angry with the way his sister is growing closer to Kahl Drogo and consequently, further away from Viserys. No longer is she his little pawn that he can command ruthlessly. I enjoyed Daenerys' scenes much more this week than I did last week. I really liked when Viserys was being strangled, and Daenerys realized just how much power she had suddenly acquired. I like the blossoming of Daenerys' and Drogo's love; it's there, it just needs to be fleshed out. If I have one complaint, it was only that Harry Lloyd (Viserys) did not have enough scenes. He needs more airtime!             Back down south, Sansa doesn't get much screen time, but Maisie Williams continues to dazzle my entire viewing party as Arya. I wonder how many people are aware that despite being right-handed, Williams actually insisted on making Arya left-handed because that's how she is portrayed in the books. She worked three times as hard as was necessary to perfect this, or so I've read. Method acting, ladies and gentleman. And her 'dancing' lessons with Syrio Forel? Priceless. It was also a very strong way to end the episode, probably one of the few that will end without a traditional cliffhanger.             Other quick tidbits: -         I liked Old Nan telling Bran some of her many stories, and in particular liked the zooming of the camera with the music playing. I did find some of her dialogue a tad unbelievable though. Almost as though she were reading from a script at points. -         Joseph Mawle (Uncle Benjen Stark) has a really nice warmth in his approach. I'm a fan. -         I didn't particularly love the scene where King Robert gluttons over food and is generally rude to his nephew Lancel. I was slightly bored for one thing, and I also think it slightly detracted from his character. Yes, Robert is gluttonous, but he was never described as a particularly nasty person. He always seemed rather kind-hearted, if not blissfully ignorant of his disgusting ways. Again, that is a book, and this is a television show, so I suppose I'll let the differences play out as they will. -         The score continues to be incredible. Hoping it keeps this canorous. -         Why is Robert Downey Jr. giving Arya sword-fighting lessons? Until next week! -Squinty"
"10" "Shane747" 2011-05-03 "It was going to happen soon enough. The show was moving at a very fast pace in the first two episodes and now that they have a significant number of viewers hooked, they've taken the time to give us loads of background about westeros and the characters in it. Really, this is mainly what this episode is about. The episode starts with Ned arriving at Kings Landing with all the rest of them. Here, he discovers that the kingdom is probably in more trouble then he thought. Also, there is lots of tension between his daughters, and some tension between him and Sansa. Ned struggles to fix this all, but also has other worries, such as who tried to kill Bran?We know, for one who threw him off, but who sent the assassin? Katelyn and Ned find out from a new character (a member of the Kings council) who tells them the dagger that the assassin was carrying was actually his, but Tyrion won it from him. This was surprising for me, because I thought it was Jamie or Cersei who were the bad guys, whereas Tyrion was a bit more of a good guy. Apparently not, but I'm still not convinced. Whoever sent the knife was quite stupid indeed, so its probably not the clever Tyrion, or Cersei. This leads me to believe its the impulsive Jamie. It is an interesting mystery though, and it spices up the action in Kings Landing.Speaking of Jamies character, we do get a LOT of information about him. Apparently, it was Jamie who killed the mad king some time ago, even though he was supposed to protect him. Clearly, Ned and Robert don't approve of what he did, and treat him like crap for it, even though he had good reasons for it (the mad king was like hitler more or less.) The scene between Jamie and Ned really establishes the rivalry between them.Away from Kings Landing, at the Wall, Jon is beginning his training while Tyrion is enjoying himself. I loved the parts from the wall, the scenes were all very well written I think. From what we see here, the wall is just as Tyrion said it would be - an army of criminals. In fact, it serves more or less as a place for criminals  when they have no where else to go. Only the Starks it seems take it seriously. Tyrion for one, is mocking in his tone about the wall, believing that there are no white walkers (which we KNOW there are.) Its a nice little bit of irony there. And of course, across the narrow sea, Daneris is starting to get more involved in the tribe. I wasn't very interested with these scenes, as it seems irrelevant to Westeros. I guess that soon Daneris will cross the narrow sea, but currently I didn't feel like the scenes fit in that well. Besides, the writing for the first one with Daneris and her brother was horrible. Harry Lloyd did some great acting, but the scene was too rushed.The acting is still terrific. Mark Addy, Maisie Williams and Joseph Mawle are the stand outs here. And once again, Sean Bean and Peter Dinklage are terrific.Overall, I felt like we got a lot of history of Westeros in this episode, as well as lots of background for the characters. The lack of action will make it boring for some though."
