"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "thefanof" 2014-06-16 "Even though I expected more to be going on in this episode, this season has been so strong that there really are no filler episodes."
"2" "orsolyapeli3" 2014-06-09 "Game of thrones"
"3" "isaiahlross" 2014-05-20 "Tyrian Lannister"
"4" "kosmowsky" 2014-05-20 "Just a bit of a nitpick at the scene where they show Daenerys ruling as a queen.  The Daenerys storyline was actually my least favourite storyline in the beginning. It was so far away from Westeros and didn't seem to have anything to do with the rest of the story. But Daenerys has developed a lot as a character and shows us how someone can develop into a ruler and I must say she does quite a good job. I especially like her freeing all the slaves. But in this scene she speeks judgment on petitioners. Her advisers stand next to her and her guards in front of her, but I don't see any executives, nobody writes anything down. Who will take care that her judgements are put into action? Will she keep all of her 200 rulings in her head and later find public servants to put them into action? These scene showed her ruling in a just way, but this issue just kept niggling at me and lessened the impact a lot. She really need some administrative staff, which the viewers also get to see, not only soldiers."
"5" "Neksmater" 2014-05-19 "Game of Thrones delivered on the main story that everyone (book readers and viewers alike) have all been waiting for this week: Tyrion's trial while also giving us some action and plot developments among less seen characters this year. Braavos Stannis and Davos sail to Braavos to seek funding from the Iron Bank regarding the legitimacy of Stannis's claim and the chance he will be able to repay the enormous debt the Crown owes the Bank. Mark Gatiss (Sherlock) has a great supporting scene as Tycho Nestoris, one of the heads of the bank, who outright refuses to fun Stannis when Tommen sits the Iron Throne. Good to hear the logistics of Stannis still having 4,000 soldiers at his command when in the books he had many less than that after Blackwater but surely starvation and killing the Florent man for being a traitor will not work in his favor. Davos did however give them a great sales pitch of how Stannis doesn't just talk about repaying people, he \"actually does  This gets them to reconsider; that and the cogent point that once Tywin Lannister, at age 67, passes on there is no other Lannister left to carry the power and influence he has over the realm left in King's Landing. So they're obviously backing Stannis as a back-up plan since as long as a King they're backing wins the war then they'll still get their money either way.  Dreadfort Yara Greyjoy leads an assault on the Bolton's keep to rescue Theon since it lessens the Greyjoy name and the Ironborn as people. When she finds him in his cage Reek thinks it's a trap and that they were sent by Ramsay to trick him into trying to escape. Their reunion is interrupted when Ramsay and his house guard encounter the Ironborn. After a brief fight Yara decides to leave Theon for dead since he's clearly no semblance of her brother anymore. Ramsay later rewards Reek with a bath, and he looks like a wounded puppy always waiting for the next kick to come as if even this small gesture is a trap. I'd say poor Theon, but he deserves it. Meereen Drogon, one of Dany's dragons, burn a herd of goats to death for food. The farmer goes before her in court and she repays him three times what his flock is worth. After seeing the slightly uplifting scene she is told by Jorah that over two hundred more are waiting to have an audience with her. I really like this aspect since ruling is so much of the boredom of making small judgments like that in a monarchy. That's why Robert hated it so much and did anything he could to avoid it during his life. A highborn Meereenese man named Hizdahr Zo Loraq comes before Dany to beg that the bodies of the slavers (all 163 of them), who had been crucified, be taken down and given proper burials. This is a particular plea in regard to Hizdahr's father who opposed killing the children as mileposts, but I guess no justice is served without injustice as Dany is going to learn. She allows him to bury his father, but there is no mention of the other slavers getting taken down. King's Landing Oberyn adds a little spice to the small council as the Master of \"title pending\" since he is told by Mace Tyrell that he can't be the Master of Ships since Tyrell already is. Tywin and them discuss Tyrion's upcoming trial, Dany's conquering of Meereen, and the Hound being spotted in the Riverlands (all this coming mostly from Varys). Jaime escorts Tyrion to the throne room as his trial begins. He sits before his judges (Mace Tyrell, his father, and Oberyn) and hears witness after witness lie and answer leading questions, as well as take situations way out of context . Meryn Trant saying that Tyrion called Joffrey a half-wit when he was pointing a crossbow and ordering Trant to remove Sansa's clothing in the throne room). Tyrion becomes dispirited that this will not go in his favor, but at least Oberyn seems to be reasonable in listening to all of the witnesses. He even asks Cersei, \"what debt?\" when she brings up the iconic line Tyrion said to her for harming who she thought to be his lover \"then you'll know the debt is  It's details like this that make Oberyn such a likable character and a great addition to the cast. At least there's the solace that Bronn didn't show up to bear witness against Tyrion, especially when he'd been so open about how mercenary his loyalties were Tyrion shouldn't be surprised if he had since Tywin can offer him more money to speak out against his son. Jaime, knowing he has nothing to lose for Cersei's sake since she's forsaken him, goes to Tywin to beg for leniency on Tyrion's behalf so that his brother's life will be spared and in exchange he will give up his Kingsguard vows and rule at Casterly Rock and father sons (as patriarchy and heterosexism would have it continued). Tywin agrees and urges him to tell Tyrion to confess. Tyrion is unmovable, until Shae comes in to testify against him. So Bronn said he saw the boat leave, does that mean he was lying? Or was she intercepted and brought back with the promise of more money? They should clarify this at the very least. Seeing her tell them lies about their relationship (although true in a certain light) lead Tyrion to \"confess\" much as he did back in Season 1 in front of Lysa Arryn. What transpires will surely be what gets Dinklage his second Emmy for the role as he still holds to that he didn't kill Joffrey and wishes that he had not stopped Stannis and that he wished everyone in King's Landing dead for turning against him and how he's been on trial for being a dwarf his whole life. He says he will get no justice in the way things are going, so he demands a trial by combat. Great episode, especially watching Dinklage do his thing and see the one thing that twisted the knife into his taking a risk rather than taking the \"Ned Stark  Surely Bronn will fight for him given the amount of gold he can promise, lightning can strike twice after all. I'm excited to see how the trial unfolds and who both sides pick. "
"6" "aligroo" 2014-05-12 " That was an incredible speech Tyrion made. This trial was a joke even before it began even if i'm impressed by Jaimie's offer to save his brother."
"7" "arunscript" 2014-05-12 "Tyrion's rage and fearlessness at the end of this episode was by far, the best dialog in Season 4 (and way, way, way better than that cheesy \"I will answer justice with justice\" line)"
"8" "jackcomp" 2014-05-12 "I had to re watch this episode again and the last 5 minutes like 20 times because it was that good. After watching this episode you could tell there was a power shift. The Lannisters are growing weaker and the rest of the world is catching up. Stannis' position has greatly increased thanks to his Hand. Danarys has taken a step nowhere though as powerful as ever before (though the dragons I see problem looming).  "
"9" "ionee24" 2014-05-12 "And Yara tries her best to save a little brother that no longer remembers her name. As Jaime speaks as a loving brother begging mercy at his own father, a loving son speaks for his father begging at Daenerys the mercy to bury him with dignity. Question herself a luxury she can't afford, no more than the Iron Bank can afford a King like Tommen. Numbers don't care about passion, spite, bitterness or love. Numbers only speaks of ships, of loans, of legacy and money, and numbers may put Stannis on the throne."
