"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "thefanof" 2014-06-16 "A lot of shouting and interest given last week's shocking episode, but some points did seem a bit boring to me. 6.5/10 is a fair score for the episode."
"2" "Neksmater" 2014-04-28 "A decent follow-up episode of Game of Thrones that slowed things down a bit in King's Landing after last week's hugely eventful wedding. King's Landing Picking up right where we left off last week Tyrion is grabbed by the City Watch and thrown into a dungeon for supposedly killing Joffrey. Pod comes to visit him and Tyrion tells him to cooperate with Cersei's people so that he doesn't end up locked up and dead too. As altruistic Tyrion is in that moment it's too bad to see him consigned to defeat so soon after being locked up (although it had been for a few days). This will be some rich material for Peter Dinklage to chew into when we move further into the season. Tywin lectures Tommen in the Great Sept of Baelor about what it takes to be a good king, something that Tommen will surely be better at than his A-hole brother was. Cersei is visited by Jaime and he essentially rapes her right there while she holds her dead son's hand. In the books this was at least implied to be somewhat consensual, I'm not surprised that Cersei getting raped causes outrage as rape always should. I'm glad we're in a modern age where that occurring on a TV show can be critically discussed and tell us a lot about where our culture stands on topics like that. Alas, no Bronn this week. Sansa is taken to a ship by Ser Dontos and Littlefinger awaits her on the ship (when he's supposed to be in the Vale). One of his soldiers kills Dontos with a crossbow and they're off. It was good to see that he had a hand in Joffrey's death, and his breaking of the cheap crystals on the necklace Dontos gave her were surely where the poison in Joffrey's wine came from. Oberyn is visited by Tywin and promised vengeance on the Mountain for his dead sister Elia and his nieces and nephews if he sits as the third chair on Tyrion's trial which he agrees to.  Dragonstone Davos reads a letter to Stannis about Joffrey's death and Stannis tells him how the magic of Melisandre is what caused their good fortune but he has no army to stake his claim on Westeros. Davos suggests some sellsword companies fight for them but Stannis tells him they have no gold for which to do so. Davos then gets inspiration to write a letter to the Iron Bank of Braavos being able to credit them the amount for Stannis' claim to hire sellwords in Stannis' name. In the North Sam moves Gilly from Castle Black to Mole's Town thinking it will keep her safer, although probably not. He is teased by his comrades because they don't believe he actually slew a White Walker. Tormund, Ygritte, and the rest of their merry band raid a camp near Castle Black but one small boy escapes the slaughter and delivers the message of their proximity to Jon and company. Rangers also return from North of the Wall and tell them that the mutineers are still held up in Craster's Keep. Jon says they must go after them because of his bluff that Castle Black is held by 1000 soldiers and if Mance takes the Craster's gang hostage and tortures them they will surely say that they are only manned by no more than 100 soldiers. So no doubt a party will be heading North of the Wall to deal with them promptly. The Riverlands Arya and the Hound find shelter in the home of a kind father and his daughter. The father offers the Hound to be able to work for fair wages and help keep his home safe and the Hound agrees, sort of. I love Arya making up the story of how the Hound is so rude because he is her father and hasn't been the same since her mother passed away, and that he fought for House Tully. The Hound pulls a fast one and takes the silver from the kind man and is appropriately chewed out for it by Arya, because what a dick move Hound. His whole \"survival of the fittest\" bit is just ridiculous, but we're definitely seeing a different side to the Hound through Arya's experiences. Meereen Having reached the gate of Meereen, Daenerys tells the people of Meereen that she is there to free their slaves (white savior complex anyone? Colonialism anyone?) and she fires barrels filled with broken chains over the walls because symbolism. It's a smart play to get the slaves to turn on their masters and essentially do most of her rebellion for her. Smart move Dany. She's also greeted by the \"Champion of Meereen\" who taunts her and tells her that she is no ruler. Daario agrees to fight him, without a horse. He has a great badass moment where he merely throws a sword through the horse's head which makes the champion fly off the horse, and then with one sword swing he beheads the Champion, problem solved. Decent episode if not a little cluttered and unfocused in areas, it did do a lot of work on building storyblocks for the coming events of the season that will surely pay off later.  "
"3" "ebtv_" 2014-04-25 "Every episode this season has been so strong, it has a real hook in it so far. I love how risky they are with some of their plots too, great watch "
"4" "grndzro7" 2014-04-23 "Incredible start to the season All 3 new episodes left me unusually upset that I have to wait 7 fucking days for the next one."
"5" "times_in" 2014-04-22 "OK i`ll say it again - Daenerys Targaryen is Game of Thrones. Every other story line is just too Kindergarten.  Or to make it simple :  Daenerys Targaryen is the Attitude Era of the WWE and all the other story lines are like the Kiddie PG Era!! Enough said... Haha!! (and somehow i think the writers are really repenting for killing Robb Stark. He would have made an important and entertaining character in the show )"
"6" "BevinChu" 2014-04-21 "Speaking only for myself, I live for the Daenerys Targaryen plotline. It is the most philosophically compelling plotline in the entire Game of Thrones saga. Most of the other Game of Thrones struggles are over power alone. The players may have scored victories (Tywin Lannister), or met with disaster (Theon Greyjoy). But either way they were fighting over power alone. By contrast, somewhere on her long road to monarchical restoration Daenerys Targaryen apparently realized that liberating enslaved peoples might do more than help her reclaim a throne, it might be a value worth pursuing for its own sake. Otherwise she would have crossed the Narrow Sea long ago, as her late, unlamented brother was so impatient to do. Admittedly, reconciling the abolition of slavery with the restoration of a hereditary monarchy does pose certain philosophical challenges. George RR Martin has yet to finish writing the final installment of the Game of Thrones saga. So we can't say for certain what he has in mind. But the journey will surely be an engaging one. "
