"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "rebeccaleon5" NA "I love this show"
"2" "LiniaNicholl" 2015-01-11 "Brilliant episode - one of those \"OMG WHAT!! I have to wait months now to find out the repercussions of everything that happened.. NOOOOOO!!!\" kind of cliff hanger episodes. I have to question whether the Hound is actually dead - we did not actually see him die. Cannot believe how close everyone came, to getting to Sansa - Arghhhhhhh. Brilliant fight between Brienne and the Hound. Another brilliant performance from Peter Dinklage. Loved every second. I have not read the books and whilst I normally devour every book in sight - I have really struggled to get into the books. I will keep trying - I had the same issue with \"Magician\", it took me like 12 attempts to read it. I have no idea what is to come, but I believe that if they kill off Tyrion, Arya or John, I may no longer be able to watch. Sigh. Brilliant though. Wow.. Bring on April."
"3" "thefanof" 2015-01-04 "Not a great finale, but definitely a good one. I like the emphasis on Arya, letting her have one of the final moments of the season, and I like the return of the skeleton monsters, although it was short-lived. They wrapped a lot of things prior to this episode, but it was still thoroughly entertaining."
"4" "wardaclambell" 2014-12-10 "i feel enjoy"
"5" "LavanceReed" 2014-09-17 ".The Simpsons"
"6" "chismaneric" 2014-07-03 "Have you read the books Kknight1988? Tyrion doesn't die (not for a long . Fortunately, this . series follows the story line of the books rather closely. Knowing what is coming doesn't spoil the joy at all. Quite the contrary. Unlike,  the sword of truth which didn't follow the book at all, and under the dome which now seems a bit \"out of story\", game of thrones still has much to go on. A downside is that the producers seem to adjust to the critique of \"too much nudity\" and \"too much violence\" that Joe the Couch Potato doesn't like. This blunt and bold \"show-it-all\" principle was actually one of the strong points of the series. I hope it comes back in the next season."
"7" "Neksmater" 2014-06-29 "Game of Thrones closed out what might possibly be its most assured season this week (it definitely ranks up there with Season 2 for me in terms of quality and scope) as we tied several knots closed and prepared the chessboard for what's to come from books 4 and 5 over the next two years. The Wall Jon goes unarmed to parley with Mance Rayder and the two share a drink in Ygritte's honor. The scene really exemplified how Jon has a healthy respect for the free folk although I feel as if this whole segment was meant to happen last week and was cut due to timing or tonal issues with their friendly conversation being interrupted by Stannis and his army coming down upon Mance's forces and crushing them (great spectacle and military tactics there Stannis). As Mance refuses to bow Stannis orders him into chains along with the other prisoners and acknowledges Jon as the son of \"an honorable man\" in Ned Stark. The most heartbreaking moment comes when Jon burns Ygritte's body north of the wall on a pyre and his scene with Tormund (who is now healed and a prisoner as well who no doubt carried a torch for Ygritte) and how Tormund knew she loved Jon because of how much she talked about killiing him. As the perished Night's Watch and the knights and the Wildlings are burned in Castle Black Melisandre shares a meaningful glance with Jon Snow.  Meereen Dany (surprisingly I didn't expect her to be seen this episode with the climax of Jorah being booted out two episodes ago) gives audience to an older former slave who asks to be able to sell himself back to his master in a contact. This befuddles Dany and asks why he would not want his freedom and he says that the young slaves who know a future would get hope from this but older ones would only be lost since slavery is all they've known. She allows the contract to be sold but only for a term of a year. I like how these individual instances weren't accounted for in her idealist view of \"freedom for all\" and how the system might've been slightly more preferable to some in the institution. A distraught farmer comes to Dany with the charred corpse of his young daughter who Drogon burned alive and she has no choice but to seal her dragons (only two of which are present with Drogon being on the loose) in chains in a large pit since they are turning older and she doesn't know what else to do with them in an enclosed city space like Meereen. The Vale Brienne and Podrick stumble on Arya and the Hound. Brienne recognizes Arya as who she really is and the Hound insists that she is in his care since there is nowhere else for her to go (which also rings true for him as well). The two engage in a swordfight (the Hound still wounded from a few episodes ago) and Brienne is forced to fight dirty. The fight is no doubt thrilling and hard to watch at parts as Brienne has to smash the Hound with a rock to get him from striking her in the face with his chainmailed fist. Arya slips out of Brienne and Podrick's view and goes to the Hound's side as he lays dying. He begs her to end his life and even resorts to name-calling and how he enjoyed killing the butcher's boy back in Season 1. Arya stares detachedly at him and simply leaves him there to die. Arya goes to a port not far from there and gives the coin Jaqen gave her back in Season 2 to a man with a ship and he welcomes her aboard as they sail for Braavos. King's Landing The Mountain lays dying as Oberyn's spear had been tipped in manticore poinson (unhealable and go Oberyn!). So even posthumously he got his revenge but I like the added bit in the books where all of King's Landing could hear the Mountain's screams of pain as he died in horrible agony which was absent here as he lay somewhat peacefully. Pycelle says there is nothing to be done but trickster that Qyburn is he tells Cersei that he can \"bring him back\" and assures her that he will be changed but not lose any of his strength. Pretty disturbing images her with the zombifying process on Gregor but I'm intrigued to see how it continues into next season and if it'll work. Cersei tells Tywin that she will not marry Loras and to trump his persistence that she will she tells him that the stories of her and Jaime being lovers are true (which really struck him as untrue. What did he never truly consider that a possibility? Or was he so deep in denial that he just couldn't look at it). Cersei goes to Jaime in my least favorite scene of the episode and claims her love for her and how they are all that matters. In the books Jaime and Cersei are supposed to grow further apart than ever, not closer by this point. Tyrion is let out of his cell by Jaime and told that Varys is waiting for him but Tyrion takes a detour and finds Shae in Tywin's quarters. He strangles her with the necklace he gave her as a gift when she pulls a knife and dons a crossbow to confront Tywin (who is on the toilet). When Tywin refers to Shae as a whore (who we don't know how long their affair has been happening for) Tyrion shoots him and twice with crossbow and departs. Varys puts him in a crate being boarded onto a ship for Essos and when the bells toll that the King's Hand is dead he boards the boat himself (something that also wasn't in the books).  Beyond the Wall Bran and company encounter walking skeletons and find the tree where the 3 eyed crow resides. A child of the forest saves them but Jojen is stabbed and dies. The three eyed crow tells Bran that he will never walk again, but he will fly. Great season finale and I can understand why they didn't include Lady Stonehearth. Having Stannis at the Wall gives both of those stories a much needed boost of intrigue going forward since separately they were limp at times. Bran finally got to Point B so hopefully there will be much less walking and a lot more magic in his story. Next season is sure to be much more scattered with many of the main characters leaving Westeros for what seems to be good (Tyrion, Arya, especially) and Sansa and Baelish are going to take the Vale by storm. It just makes me sad I have to wait ten months until the next helping but I'd rather them take their time since Books 4 and 5 are split by location and happen at more or less that same time (in most parts of the book). But I'm mostly excited to see Dorne and Oberyn's brother Doran to appear along with a greater look into Dornish culture since Oberyn was the standout performance this year by far. Can't wait till next season until then maybe pick up the books. "
"8" "kosmowsky" 2014-06-23 "This was much better than the episode before that. It felt like in this episode for a lot of characters one journey ended and a new one began. Arya lost her protector/captor and is now off to a new land on her own. It seemed that she let fate decide her decision, as she first wanted to go to Jon at the wall ( probably not a good idea at the moment), but then found a ship and a use for her iron coin.  Tyrion is finally freed, after being stuck in a prison cell for most of the season. We see that his father really pushed him over the edge after this many years, as he normally is a moral person ( for Westeros) and wouldn't murder someone in cold blood. But we kind of can understand him in this instance. Let's see what this deed does to his character, if he can live with it or if it will change him. Bran finally finds his three eyed raven. I have no idea where they are going with this storyline.  Jon and his opponent are surprised by the arrival of Stannis and his army, which will probably a game changer in the conflict between the Wildling and the Night Watch. How did they get there!? Wasn't the whole point of the wall that it is difficult to get over it? So how did Stannis get a whole army there and why couldn't others do the same thing before? Cersei finally tells her father about herself and her brother. It really surprised me that a man as intelligent as he is, didn't know about it ( or thought is wasn't true). He really is a bit myopic when it comes to his family. I don't think she will be grateful for her brother and getting rid of her controlling father for her, even though it really will be to her advantage. Dany seems to has lost control of her dragons and has to restrain her two remaining ones. I don't believe that this a good idea, as they can't be too happy about that and are then more likely to revolt. She should have spend more time with them and tried to train them as much as possible. She is their \"mother\" after all. This seems to mirror her experience with ruling, which also isn't as easy as she thought it would be and now requires the first compromises from her regarding her vision and the reality of life ( see the scene with the old freed slave). "
"9" "aloonatic" 2014-06-18 "Great, as always. I love the way that even the most powerful and heavily featured characters can meet such swift, ignominious and unexpected ends. The only thing that irks me about this season, really, is the white walkers. Was it season 2 that ended with the massive army trooping past the fat crow (I can never remember anyone's name until they die it seems?!?!) as he cowered behind a rock? What have they been doing? stopping at every service station north of the wall to play on the swings? I am enjoying how the show is going more supernatural / magical too. So it's not just all sword fights and treachery bought with Lanister gold, although I do fear that we might end up with a story line or 2 that is resolved with some crazy magic that doesn't make much sense. Anyway, just sad that this is the end for another year :("
"10" "SjaakSchulteis" 2014-06-18 "The last episode didn't give me the feeling it was over. On contrary.... I was surprised to learn that it was the season finale.... so fast! What do I have to look forward to watch now? It is the best series of all and I can't wait for the next season... hopefully coming soon. I'm glad revenge was taken, in a way, some goals were reached and some sad endings...  I want "
"11" "Kknight1988" 2014-06-16 "OMG!!!  Firstly (spoiler) so glad that Tyrion didn't die as he is one of my all time favs. Second, points to Jaime, despite his very disturbing love for his sister, for freeing his baby brother.  Call me foolish but i would like for the Hound to live and can't wait to see where Arya's journey will lead her.  Overall, I really, REALLY wish we didn't have to wait a whole bloody year to see what is going to happen next."
"12" "aligroo" 2014-06-16 "this episode deserves an eleven or a twelve. It was magical from beginning till ending with Arya's Valar morghulis. Great scene between Brienne and the Hound and him begging Arya to kill him, perfect. Daenerys really looked like a despaired mother locking up her children; Tyrion was really magistral. "
"13" "ionee24" 2014-06-16 "The Hell?!  This is not the way to celebrate The Hound's first Father's Day Brienne!  It's not fair, Arya and Brienne looked so cute together, The Hound had just ackowledged he was protecting the girl, Pod didn't even get to give her Hot Pie's bread, and suddenly everyone was fighting, and I was screaming, and I didn't know where to look, and then it was over, and I was crying all over again.  And Arya staying with him, even after he told her he wouldn't last a week without Brienne, even after he was dying, even after all they had been through.   The \"dead men don't need silver\" move was a low blow - and not the kind The Hound gave Brienne (she's a lady, you brute!) - but it was so them.  Even in the end, they were a team.  Don't even get me started on Jojen, I was yelling \"burn him\" the whole time. Just take pity on his corpse and burn him before he would rise again, that whole sequence was a nightmare. Not only for Meera, but for me as well.  And Daenerys, and that poor child, and her poor father (this is no way to celebrate father's day either). Must have been the cruelest joke: to become the breaker of chains only to enslave your own children. And the one who actually burned the child is still free.  Varys leaving with Tyrion was a smart move, totally unexpected too for a book reader.  Same goes for Stannis taking over the wildlings in one swift move. If Ned was alive he would agree: burn the bodies. I don't care if the Red Woman is watching with her smug smile and \"I told you so\" attitude: burn the bodies. All the bodies, you do not want to end up like Jojen.  And now their watch is ended, so long Grenn, Pyp, and Ygritte, and the King Giant. I can't believe Grenn died defeating a King! He would've loved that.  For Jaime has always been the Meredith Grey for King's Landing Seattle Grace - all he wanted was for Cersei to pick him, choose him and love him - this episode he finally got his wish: she chose him over Tyrion, picked him over Tywin and loved him over Loras and whoever would come next. Oddly enough, this makes Jaime choose, pick and love his baby brother over any of them. It also sets an odd chain of events (pun intended), that end with Tyrion using Joffrey's very own weapon of choice against the man who chose to blame him for murder, so Jaime sets free the man that supposedly killed his son only so that he would kill their father. Perhaps the cruelest joke of Father's Day overall. Perfect season finale: hold on to that boat Arya. If the Red Woman's spoilers at the Brotherhood's were correct, you'll see her again. And I can't wait to watch it. "
