"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "istbeschissen" 2013-06-17 "Ned is imprisoned and only has about three minutes of screen time in this episode, so you would guess that the show suddenly gets boring, right? Hell no, Robb is Lord Stark now and boy, is he badass in this episode. This is the first time that he really gets to be a major character and he owns absolutely every single scene he's in. We can expect one of them to die in the season finale (maybe both, but I sincerely hope not) and Richard Madden's intriguing performance as Robb managed to make me root more for him than for Ned. Catelyn finally getting together with at least parts of her family was also great to see and the scene with Robb and her was utterly fascinating. And while the Winterfell story part was clearly paramount in 'The Pointy End', most of the other locations were entertaining as well.  Despite the huge events at the end of the last episode, King's Landing isn't that much in the fore as I'd expected it to be which is not generally a bad thing because even those scenes dragged a bit from time to time, so I think I would've only been bored with more scenes there. Lena Headey's turn was once again absorbing to watch and Jack Gleeson also gets more and more interesting, but I just feel that his character has way too little screen time to really let the audience get to know him.  One crucial moment in this episode was Tyrion encountering his father Tywin for the first time to be seen on the show while having a lot of grubby companions coming with him. Their conversation wasn't as interesting as I'd hoped it to be, mostly because there wasn't anything new being discussed in the scene. In the end, Peter Dinklage proved once again to be a hugely talented actor and Charles Dance also did a very fine job as his evil daddy, the plot just wasn't that juicy. The weakest scenes of this episode were happening at either the Night's Watch or at whatever place the Dothraki scenes are taking place. Unnecessary supporting characters are being introduced again and there are some serious acting problems to be found. Even though George R. R. Martin, the author of the novels that are the basis for the series, wrote this episode, I feel like it isn't exactly how it was meant to be. Some important scenes last for too short, some less important scenes get too much time. I always feel like they don't use all the potential they've got."
"2" "AJLane-TCP" 2012-04-11 "The Good: -\"Watching is not seeing.\" -Lysa refuses to help Catelyn. Though they are sisters, there is a great distance between them. Betrayal of family - and the danger of doing so - seems to be a recurring theme. -White Walkers attack Jon and Ser Jeor Mormont on the Wall. It is the first time since the premiere episode that they appear. -Robb prepares himself for war. His closeness with his mother is evident, and the idea that the young must carry out the folly of those older - supposedly wiser - than they are seems to be another recurring theme.  The Bad: -Like much of this first season, \"The Pointy End\" feels like a setup episode, and therefore lacks excitement."
"3" "ZaleIsBackAgain" 2011-12-09 "As well as the show is doing a wonderful job of portraying the book, there always will be some differences. For one, it's making it seem like this upcoming war has mainly to do with the Starks and Lannister when in the book, the bigger threat was Stannis Baratheon to the Lannisters and Kings Landing. Also when Selmly let out his outrage, he mentioned how Stannis was the rightful heir to the throne before leaving. That was absent in the episode. Other than that though the episode has been pretty much on point. Syrio Forel made a grand exit, Arya got her first kill, Tyrion being hilarious as he always has, and zombies appear in the north.Just about all of the major characters got some screen time, and it's ironic that Ned Stark, who pretty much been the main character throughout this whole season, has gotten the least (though there is so much you can do with a prisoner trapped in a dark dungeon). The events of the Wall are intensifying; not just because of the attack from the White Walkers, but Osha has foreboded a greater danger to the north, not the south. It makes those events more interesting and engaging to watch out for. And Khal Drogo's massacre of Mago was, oh man, the most manliest thing I have ever seen. He tore his throat out with his frikkin bare hands! That's crazy. Robb Stark is a character that hasn't gotten much attention, but he got his due in this episode showing off his manliness in front of his bannermen's leaders. The episode did a great job of balancing development in all its storylines while building up the suspense."
"4" "Neksmater" 2011-11-13 "As Joffrey takes the throne Lannister soldiers try to take Arya in the midst of her lesson with Syrio who manages to let her escape while Sansa becomes a prisoner to Cersei and Ned rots in a chamber awaiting judgment. Robb refuses to swear fealty to Joffrey and instead rides South to fight the Lannister armies trying to take Riverrun as Robb and the newly arrived from the Eyrie Catelyn whether to attack Tywin or Jaime in their assault. Tyrion, on his way to meet his father, runs into a group of hilltribes who he promises weapons if they spare his lfie and accompany him but they end up being enlisted in Tywin's fight against the Starks. More bloodshed will surely ensue next week but surely the scene stealer was Khal Drogo's throat rip of the insubordinate soldier of his defending Dany's honor after she was called a \"foreign whore\" for sparing the lives of women in a village they were raiding. The Dothraki Ship Fund, I'd donate to that. But the episode, though lacking of much action, still had Jon kill a Whitewalker zombie so there was the danger in the North to complement the danger of men in the South. Looking forward to where this goes from here and with only two episodes left should be one hell of a show. And poor sir Barristan for being stripped of his rank to the Kingslayer no less, sad for man who takes his oath so seriously is made a mockery of by Littlefinger no less, I hate him so much."
"5" "goa103" 2011-11-13 "Khal Drogo will kill all knights to rule the Seven Kingdoms ! That's a lot of Ks for a single series of words but it appears I have broken the third alphabet letter of my keyboard. No \"see\" ? We'll see ! The truth is that this 8th installment was so thrilling that it convinced me that Game of Thrones would make a great video game. Its gallery of personas is so exciting and diverse. Khal Drogo is probably to the show who Goro is to Mortal Kombat ! A baby crazy crab with a pigtail ? Show some respect ! Seriously his fight against one of his men was bloody brutal and I already anticipate how charismatic he'll look in Conan the Barbarian even if I'll never forget Arnold Schwarzenegger fantastic portrayal. Moreover the scene was mesmerized by what was happening on the winter front. The climatic contrast between both regions, like fire and ice, made me feel like if Daenerys was connected to Jon somehow. Is Drogoro the vessel that will allow her to unleash her inner dragon ? And what about the wolf, is it the dark side of the Snow ? It's obvious the writers blur the lines on purpose and I wouldn't be surprised if their bond became so strong that the death of the animal would be fatal to its Shadow Dancer.With a lethal Littlefinger on his throat I really worried for Ned's fate. In fact considering what happened to some other characters I wouldn't have been surprised to see him meet a quick death. They don't show mercy on Game of Thrones and that's definitely refreshing and plain bold ! That's why the scene with Cersei and Barristan was so intense because I was almost sure that they wouldn't hesitate to kill him or even call him a traitor. Ian McElhinney performance was knightly to say the least and I really hope his character will turn his back on them, save Ned and join the Stark to make her reign as short as possible. Yes because no one considers Joffrey rules. He's only a puppet in the hands of her evil mother ! But when their vicious smiles toward Sansa made me angry I have to admit that his attitude after her speech convinced me that there's still hope. Was his love declaration in the previous episode authentic ? I thought it was only an other of their mind games. It leads us to Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister. The size of a dwarf but the talent of a giant ! His every lines are delightful of wit and the contexts they're told are just hilarious. In fact Jon Snow's chubby buddy reminds me a little of him because at first they look useless but once they begin to talk you quickly realize they compensate their physical weakness with bright intelligence. It's also the case for Arya and I hope her swordfight lessons will help her survive ! As for her brother Bran praying session it was both poetic and funny. A naked giant in the woods ? Gods in the leaves ? Just mystical !"
"6" "JaCkKbAuEr2424" 2011-11-12 "I wrote in last week's review that I was excited to see what George R.R Martin would do with his own work, and this week, we finally get a glimpse.  What we get is perhaps one of the best episodes \"Game of Thrones\" has done to date, with a certain energy to the storytelling that's only appeared once every now and then.With each passing episode, I've learned that the Lannister's are the worst.  Sometimes, there are TV shows and movies with characters so vile and irritating that you can't wait to see them get their just desserts, and right now, the Lannisters (barring Tyrion) are pretty high up on that list.  Joffrey is King now, with Cersei at his side, and the big development in the episode in terms of King's Landing stuff is that Cersei is making sure the Lannisters have as much power as possible.  Jaime is the new head of the King's Watch while Tywin, her father, is the new Hand of the King.  Very clever, but also very disappointing for Ned Stark, who tried his hardest to do the right thing, but as it turns out, Cersei was correct last week when she said, \"In the game of thrones, you win or you die.\"Speaking of Ned Stark, it's a shame to see him thrown in prison for being a traitor.  The word \"treason\" or \"traitor\" was thrown around quite a lot over the hour, and the Stark family is being stuck with that label.  But that doesn't meant that they're just going to keel over and pledge their loyalty to the Lannisters, like Cersei thinks they're going to.  While Ned is in prison with only Varys as a friend to talk to, Sansa has finally started standing up for herself and trying to get her father free, Arya (with the help of Syrio, who likely perished in a very upsetting scene early on) escapes, Cat Stark verbally rips her sister a new one while Robb Stark, who hasn't had many substantial scenes unfortunately, is standing up and agreeing to march the Winterfell/Stark army against the Lannister's.  It's not as if this plot simply appeared out of nowhere: the show has done a great job of bringing us from the Pilot to the brink of war.Meanwhile, up north at the Wall, we get the return of those creepy undead type characters from the first ten minutes of the first episode.  We heard about them, Ned Stark killed the man claiming the White Walkers had returned, and that was the end of that.  But now, we've finally got our first glimpse at them, and boy, they're pretty freaky.  I've also had a soft spot for Jon Snow's plot, even though a lot of people have been slightly bored with it.  I think I'm just excited to see where his character goes and how he grows from here on out and I sort of just want to see him and the Night's Watch lay waste to some zombie White Walkers.  But I'm sure in due time, we'll get something substantial.  Right now, the Jon Snow plot is moving a bit slower than the rest, but we'll see.There's also not much going on with the Targarians/Dothroki, although there was yet another great death scene at the hands of Khal Drogo (it involves tongues being torn from throats, if that's your kind of thing).  I'm interested in what these \"witch doctors\" will do in the final episodes of the season and whether or not we'll actually see them cross the Narrow Sea this season.All in all though, the show has evolved from what I heard some people say was \"a typical HBO show\" into a fantasy epic that is starting to stand on its own, separate from other fantasy shows and its own source material.  \"The Pointy End\" has set the table for the final two episodes, and let's just hope the writers don't let up."
"7" "TrueTvWatcher" 2011-08-18 "The Pointy End was a perfect episode of Game of Thrones and really sets into motion the next course of events. With Winter coming it also seems that war is looming around every corner. I thought it was interesting to see the mysterious warrior from the north attack those guarding the wall. I loved when Dany was almost poisoned, but saved, and the punishment that ensued for the poor wretch was as hot as the love between Dany and Drogo who has his sights on the Iron Throne for his own son. Things didn't go well for Lord Stark and his family is scrambling to help. This series is epic on a large scale and manages to make it work in an hour long series. I look forward to watching the next episode of Game of Thrones!!!!!!!"
"8" "thefanof" 2011-06-21 "A strong episode of Game of Thrones tonight. I have an idea of what is going to happen to the Ned character, I mean, we have seen similar situations on The Tudors and other period dramas, but I am hoping his fate is not that of execution.The whole Khala stuff is starting to entertain me as well. Giving me flashbacks to another show, Spartacus: Blood and Sand with these shouting monstrous individuals. The Khaleesi as she is called is also a character to keep an eye on.Game of Thrones picked up its pace in this episode and now I see why we had that slow build for so long. You had to create the characters so that you could have high on action episodes like this one. A welcome change of pace, and let's hope the show keeps delivering for its final two shows of the year."
