"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "istbeschissen" 2013-05-31 "The previous episode was awesome and so my expectations in this \"A Golden Crown\" were pretty high. As it turns out, it totally manages to hold up the pace of its predecessor and contains a couple of important things happening. I was extremely looking forward to see how things will be after Ned's and Jaime's fight and it already began in a superb way when Ned awoke with a furious Cersei and a King Robert who has finally calmed down after his uproar in \"The Wolf and the Lion\" standing in his room. The episode didn't get any worse after that, but I'd say it was already one of the best moments. The continuation of the storyline of Catelyn and Tyrion proved to be hilarious with once again, a marvelous monologue by Peter Dinklage and great performances by all other actors involved. The sword fighting in this episode was too really well-made and the fight scene in which we first meet Bronn was incredibly cool. Ned's discovery in this episode was great as well and really blew my mind because I'm completely unaware of the plot of this series. Sean Bean continually improves in his role and is amazing when he gets to be the regent while reminding the audience that he is clearly the most likeable character on this show. It was also really nice to see Isaac Hempstead Wright doing something again and I think it's really interesting how Theon Greyjoy gets more and more important. Clearly the best part about \"A Golden Crown\" is the story part of Viserys, Daenerys, and the Dothrakis who return to the screen after their short absence in the previous episode. There are some major things happening with those characters and we really get to see how the characters progress - all of this is staged perfectly and has a really dark and captivating look to it since all of their scenes are set indoors. The final scene of this episode may just be the best Game of Thrones moment yet and I was so freaked out because of how fantastic this was.  I'm completely intrigued in the plot (except for the one at the Night's Watch. Seriously, I didn't miss Jon Snow and all his colleagues at all in this and the last episode - I almost forgot that those characters existed when I was watching these two awesome episodes) and technically, it's extremely well-made. But I can't help myself but to think that Game of Thrones still has a tad more potential to it than it shows us at the moment with supernatural stuff and really big fight scenes still stashed away from the audiences. I'm hoping that the season finale will provide me with the scenes I expect and for now I just stay with loving all the amazing characters and visuals."
"2" "AJLane-TCP" 2012-04-10 "The Good:   -\"I should wear the armor, and you the gown.\"    -Tyrion gets a trial by combat and wins.    -Light is shed on Theon Greyjoy with his somewhat regretful goodbye to Ros.    -Viserys finally gets his crown. It is both golden and lethal.   -Sansa kisses Joffrey and unintentionally helps Ned realize that Joffrey is in fact Jaime's son, not Robert's.   -The setup episode preceding \"A Golden Crown\" pays off in a highly satisfactory way.   "
"3" "ZaleIsBackAgain" 2011-12-06 "The second consecutive episode without a Jon Snow appearance. Under normal circumstances this wouldn't fly in a show; he's gained quite a following and those that have became a fan of the Night's Watch storyline would be upset. But this is Game of Thrones based off of a novel series that some say surpasses Lord of the Rings. There is so much story development going on that those that lack with patience could be fed up with the show by now, but it offers a nice dose of shock value to balance things out.The first of course is Tyrion's trial at the Eyrie. Tyrion Lannister is a guy known for his sharp tongue and wit to wiggle himself out of any situation, and we watch it unfold in front of our very eyes from the dreaded sky cells to the trial by combat. It goes without saying that a show without good actors isn't a good show at all, and Peter Dinklage, who plays Tyrion, is the finest actor in the whole show. A battle of wits is always the most satisfying battles to watch; the way he humored the court with his crimes, and put himself in a position to win the trial; through his brother Jaime Lannister, one of the strongest knights in the seven kingdoms. When Lysa denied him that right, Bronn stepped up to the plate. A fine work of suspense.The other storylines weren't anywhere near as dramatic, save for the crowning of Viserys, though they added development. Daenerys is hinted to being the true dragon when her hands failed to burn from the coals for a reasonably long time, yet her servant who touched it for just a second got burned in a second. And then there's Ned Stark's detective story that is finally making a full circle. The little nuggets of hints really makes it engaging to see him work. Robert's bastard sons who all have black hair, as well as his entire house, yet all of his children to his wife have golden hair?While the story is rounding out nicely and progressively, it's six hours in; these small little \"breaks\", such as the capturing of Tyrion, his trial that won his freedom, battle between Jaime and Ned. It's all too much now and we need a big splash."
"4" "thefanof" 2011-11-20 "While Game of Thrones has featured some action throughout its first batch of episodes, I wanted the show to be a little more Spartacus Blood and Sand, if that makes sense. By that I mean that the show needs some more edgy acts of violence, and tonight's episode ended exactly how I could have hoped for with a murder at the hands of a hot liquid silver being poured on the head of an individual. That is edgy and that had me say, \"OMG!\"Again, not a particularly great episode of Game of Thrones, but that ending and a few other noteworthy scenes did have me intrigued and managed to keep me up while I was watching the show at 2 AM in the morning. I am still waiting for Thrones to blow me away though, that has yet to happen."
"5" "Oh_666" 2011-11-20 "I really like the potential of game of Thrones. In the past six episodes it has created a stage for very interesting stories and events. But...After six episodes, we should have seen more a lot more. It is stille setting the stage and I fear nothing is going to happen. Last weeks episode is an example of what is becomming a drag: there are about three action scenes, never lasting longer than about three minutes. And the rest of the 50 minutes is spend discussing the implecations of the actions and the implication of possible actions that do or do not take place (You can't do X; It would mean war between the seven kingdoms (hear that multiple times).And what I find very discouraging is the absence of the supernatural. Especially the first two episodes hinted at some strange phenomena regarding the kingdom, trolls, dragons, the ice wall, etc. But since then, all of the stories focus only on politics and a little blood. Did the budget go to the extensive wardrobe and they can't afford a decent dragon?It's a pity.But I like the dwarf. Although the current storyline of him being held prison wasn't that strong. Nice to see that it ended.So I will remain watching the series with much anticipation. But they really should get on with it."
"6" "TrueTvWatcher" 2011-08-17 "A Golden Crown was a superb episode of Game of Thrones and I really enjoyed watching this episode because there was a lot of character and plot development, action, drama and intrigue. It was interesting to see Ned oversee judgments at court while the King was away. It was really cool to see Bran riding a horse since his injury, only to be confronted by outlaws.Tyrion proves his place in the larger picture it seems and I really enjoy his wit.Viserys is plated in gold like any king should be, haha, but it is not in the way one would want to be. I look forward to watching the next episode of Game of Thrones!!!!!!!!!"
"7" "Shane747" 2011-06-05 "With its plot set into place, GoT is moving towards its climax, and no doubt now it is more interesting for both newcomers and bookreaders alike. Here, some fantastic action and drama scenes make up for some other slow or needless parts.With the last scene of the previous episode, its clear that the Starks and Lannisters are just one step away from a full scale war. As Ned wakes up, Cersi Lannister (Jaime has fleed the city) starts accusing his wife of kidnapping Tyrion. Poor Ned once again takes the blame, and Robert slaps Cersi as she starts to rant. Go Robert :P. Robert later goes on a hunt, leaving Ned as temporary king until his return. After hearing about Gregors (the psycho who killed his horse) crimes in tully lands (Lady starks), Ned orders the capture of both Gregor and his master, who happens to be the lord of lannister, Lord Tywin. Later, Ned finally figures out the reason Jon Arryn died. He had found out that Joffrey wasn't the true heir, as he was a product of Cersis incest.Over at the Eerie, we get a treat watching clever old tyrion talk and trick his way out of the mess he's in. He's no good with a sword, so he relies on his wit, and here it works very well. He bribes the jailer to give him a hearing with Lysa Arryn, and then proceeds to declare a trial by combat. Bron, the one who had accompanied them, volunteers, no doubt imagining all the gold he will be rewarded. Predictably, he wins the fight, but its still nice watching the battle. \"You don't fight with honor\" Lysa tells Bron after he's won. \"No.. he did.\" He replies, gesturing to the dead knight. At Winterfell, Bran's saddle is done, and it works perfectly. Bran however, is a bit careless and goes to far from his brother, and is almost killed by a trio of bandits. Luckily Robb and Greyjoy interfere.I didn't think the action scene here was great, a bit clunky and rushed. A second scene at Winterfell shows Theon saying goodbye to Ros. This seemed to me to be a pointless scene, though forgive me if Ros plays a major part in the future (which i highly doubt :P)We finally get some scenes from across the sea in this episode, though the wall is still missing. At Vas Dothrak, Viserys has had enough of being dragged around by the dothraki. The poor guy goes and demands his crown, and is given a crown of molten gold instead. While he wasn't ever very likeable, you still did sort of feel sad for Viserys. He might of been cruel and harsh, but you get the feeling that it was because of the weight he carried. Its too bad we won't see Harry Lloyd again from now on, as he did do a fantastic job.So overall quite a good episode. There were a couple of pointless scenes, and we still didn't see the wall, but the episode overall was almost as good as the previous one, containing a perfect balance of a good plot and action."
"8" "SirSquinty" 2011-06-05 "Game of Thrones Episode 6: A Golden Crown             The golden crown referred to in the title of this episode is not clear until the last scene of the episode. And how wonderfully fitting a title it was. There were many parts of this episode that I loved. But where to begin? For me, the most interesting storyline of the episode was the continuation of Ned Stark's arc from last week. In the last episode, he resigned as hand, but was attacked by Jaime Lannister. In this episode, he wakes up, and is placed under temporary control of the kingdom. Personally, my favorite scene was when the peasants came to report that Ser Gregor Clegane, aptly dubbed 'The Mountain' has been ravaging and torching the Riverlands. Watching Sean Bean cope with Lord Tywin Lannister's vicious unleashing of the Mountain was an exercise in excellent acting. For me, Sean Bean denouncing the Lannisters as an enemy to the realm was SO cool, and I cannot wait to see this plotline further develop.             In fact there was a very nice parallel with Ned's storyline as well as his children Bran and Robb's storyline up north. Lord Stark's eldest son, Robb, was being prodded by Theon Greyjoy (Ned's ward) to assemble the Northmen for battle. There was a very nice contrast between Robb and his father because while Ned sets plans in motion that will inevitably lead to warfare, Robb appears hesitant to declare war on behalf of his father. I actually really liked this conversation between Robb and Theon because the show had been focusing so much on Theon that it hadn't given screen time to Robb. This scene allowed for Robb's character to develop, something we are actually not very much invited to in the books. Robb never has a POV chapter in the books, so any new scenes that allow us greater insight into his character are welcome to me. I think the dialogue when the wildlings attacked Bran was slightly clunky, however. It just seemed a little forced, I thought.             While we're discussing Stark children, I'd briefly like to touch on Sansa. Sansa is clearly identified as a girl who wants nothing but true love…but I don't thinks he knows what true love quite is. She seems to have been raised on delusions of grandeur and promises of palaces and servants. It is because of this that she finds Prince Joffrey so pretty and appealing. I do not believe that she will ever be a likable character, nor do I think the writers intend for her to be so. At the very least, she wants something, and behaves in a manner that she sees fit to try and get what she wants. It is because of this that her character doesn't bother me as much as it seems to irritate many reviewers across the internet. Furthermore, I could be mistaken, but I definitely don't remember Joffrey apologizing to and kissing Sansa like that in the book. I'm not opposed to the idea of it, but I think it felt oddly out of place in the episode. Considering this was the only scene with either of them in it, its narrative felt a little dead to me. I wish they had inserted a scene prior to this, in which Joffrey realized that he needed to make peace with Sansa for his own greater good. I know that he had a talk with his mother, in which she governed him about being a tyrant, but that was several episodes ago. I dunno, it just seemed out of place to me.             Tyrion, Tyrion, Tyrion. I love this chara-. I say that I love this 'chara' because he is half the size of every other character. However, if you'll notice, 'character' is a nine letter word, which doesn't divide evenly, so I gave Tyrion the 'a.' A little extra letter never hurt anyb-. His scenes with Mord the jailer were wonderful. \"I have gold….well I don't have it HERE!!!\" His confession of his crimes exuded a wonderful little monologue. (Maybe I'll keep that one in my back pocket). Bronn volunteers to stand in as Tyrion's champion. Though vaguely unclear as to why he'd risk his life for someone he hardly knows, it was hinted at in the last episode that Bronn was intrigued by Tyrion's wealth as a member of the Lannister family. I must confess I was very disappointed by the way the trial concluded. I was hoping for Tyrion to walk up to Lady Stark and say something along the lines of \"I hope you  know that I really did not have anything to do with your son's attack…but rest assured that my brother's will hear about mine.\" Or something like that. I would have just liked it to be made very clear to Catelyn that Tyrion really was not responsible for the attack on Bran's life….just my opinion.             Concerning the events across the narrow sea, the story shifts focus from Daenerys to Viserys for the episode. Although Dany is the one to eat the horse's heart, it is Viserys' ambitions that we are invited to view. In the episode, his greed and impatience grow stronger, and lead to his eventual downfall. Now, for those of you who read the books, you knew this was coming for a while, but for those who didn't, I must assume that his impending death was fairly obvious. Though I'm unable to take an unbiased viewpoint, it seems to me that his character was not destined to live for very long. Having said that, I think Harry Lloyd did an absolutely outstanding job with what little time he had. Viserys was always seemed one dimensional to me in the books, but Lloyd brought a wonderful sense of shock and awe to the screen that I would have never imagined when reading.           With his unsettling history resting firmly on his shoulders, Viserys believes that he bears the heavy burden of restoring greatness to House Targaryen. Although as Dany points out in the closing line, it was always meant to be her, not him: \"He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon.\" The show makes it very clear that Viserys was so much more than a greedy wannabe tyrant; he wanted to honor his dead family and restore his kingdom to how he believes it was always meant to be. Yes he was cruel to his sister, but there was so much unavoidable weight placed on his shoulders that his lust for vengeance and unwavering hubris became his downfall. And herein lies the wonderful undertone of GOT: This is not a story about fantasy. It is a story about human people, and characters don't act illogically or without intent. Viserys might have been one of the show's 'antagonists,' but I would not go so far as to label him (or much of anyone for that matter) a villain. This story brings much more to the table than the black and white tales of Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings (not that I don't love them both), and it is the strongly fleshed out cast of characters that makes it so.  Looking forward to next week where we get more of Jon up at the wall! And with any luck, next week's insane cliffhanger will hopefully reel in new fans through word of mouth. Spread the word!                         -Squinty"
"9" "JaCkKbAuEr2424" 2011-06-05 "Once again, I'm forced to disagree completely with the review below by \"thefanof.\"  If I wanted Spartacus style action and story-telling, I would simply watch that show.  I watch \"Game of Thrones\" for a slower paced but equally intense type of action, the type that doesn't necessarily payoff in the episode we're watching but instead three episodes later.  Sure, there are moments that feel like an exercise in patience, but there are so many characters, plots and moments to remember in the show that it never feels like a chore to get through.  I thought this was a perfect example of a show beginning to find its footing; of a show learning how to balance out exposition with great action scenes that we can bite our teeth into.This episode, coming off of the fantastic final moments of the last episode, finds Ned put back in charge as Hand of the King and Robert Baratheon as nuts as ever.  Things are heating up after the actions of Cat Stark kidnapping Tyrion have sent Jaime Lannister into a fury and the rest of the city into unease.  Most of the episode jumps back and forth between Ned's actions in the King's Landing and Tyrion's at the Kingdom of Lady Arryn.  There's some other events going on across the Narrow Sea with Daenerys and up north with Robb Stark and Bran, but the crux of the episode takes place with the heads of the Stark family.I thought Tyrion was clever here, and watching him make his way out of prison and back home was endlessly entertaining.  I really hope Peter Dinklage gets some recognition for his role here.  He's doing a bang-up job.  And as for King's Landing, it should be interesting to see how Ned making decisions in the place of the King will go over.  Right now, tensions are at an all time high, and it will be very nice to see what happens from here on out.I have just one complaint: after a nice build-up with Jon Snow and the people at the Night's Watch, we haven't seen him or anybody up there for two straight episodes.  Let's get a return to that area!"
"10" "Neksmater" 2011-05-28 "On the wake of Jaime killing Ned's men Ned awakes to Robert and Cersei and he is forced to take the position of King's Hand once again and sit on the throne while Robert goes hunting to clear his head. Tyrion schemes his way into \"confessing his crimes\" and gets Lysa and Catelyn to give him a trial by combat and two champions fight for his death and his freedom. Viserys is ever impatient waiting for his payoff from Daenerys' marriage to Khal Drogo and tries to steal the dragon eggs but then confronts Khal Drogo threatening the baby's life in exchange for his reward. Ned exacts revenge on the Lannisters indirectly while on the throne and tries to move the girls to Winterfell for safety reasons. And he also figures out the secret that may have gotten Jon Arynn killed in the first place. Good things happened this week as Tyrion managed to get lucky and escape the clutches of Catelyn and Lysa while Viserys is found to not be the true dragon but got his crown after all. Good karma balance since so much bad happened last week and I enjoyed the fight between the two knights this week while one fought fair and the other fought to tire the other out and when accused of not fighting honorably he indicates the dead knight saying, \"He did.\"      "
"11" "goa103" 2011-05-24 "The previous installment Stark versus Lannister driven story was thrilling but it had a drawback. Indeed it revealed one flaw of the show, its editing. I just found the numerous switches between arcs a little annoying because the transitions weren't smooth enough. Compared to Lost's season 6 for example it lacked some creativity, original ideas to link them instead of sharp cuts. I love Arya and her dancing session in Lord Snow was fantastic but here it felt slightly misplaced or at least not well staged. It's probably the issue when dealing with so many parallel stories, they just can't be all properly covered in one single episode. In my opinion their mistake was to even tell the anecdotic ones like the prostitute flying away or the king hunting. Of course their purpose was to feed the more important ones but I can't help thinking that they should have better arranged them. Or maybe I was just disappointed that it wasn't a special Daenerys installment. I mean she's such a fascinating and ambivalent character ! The Queen of Dothraki literaly stole the screen and her few scenes were both shocking and intriguing. One reference that stroke my mind ? Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ! Yes because Lady Stark, her strange sister and the dwarf were back too. The dungeon is apparently full of surprises and as a roleplayer I'm already dreaming of giant dragons and  wicked pitfalls ! If only the show's format was more elegant, like in Fringe's season 3 for instance. Still it didn't change the fact that most story arcs, because I was a bit disappointed by Ned's one, were excellent. As for the ending it confirmed again that Game of Thrones is not for the faint of heart. Long live the King !"
