"nick" "date" "comment"
"1" "thefanof" 2014-03-23 "I found this to be the weakest of the season, despite claims to the contrary. While there were some good Tyrion moments, things moved at a snail's pace."
"2" "nananabatman" 2013-08-16 "When you find two new locations in the opening credits of a Game of Thrones episode, you know it's going  to be an important one. And it is, indeed. Major events include the confrontation between the fraternal kings Renly and Stannis, Peter Baelish showing up at Renly's camps to persuade both him and Catelyn Stark, Daenerys and her Khalasar finding an accommodation at last, Arya doing so as well, however, in a less pleasant way, Robb Stark and his army again defeating the Lannister ones, and King Joffrey demonstrating malice that goes way beyond normality. And let's start with talking about that scene in particular. It involves sexual humiliation and violence that left me awestruck while also questioning its necessity. A scene like that never occurred in the original novels and I believe the series would've also been better off without it. Not only because it's utterly unappealing to watch, but also because I just don't buy Joffrey being that evil. It's not normal and we've already had his cruelty depicted numerous times before, so why include it? If I'd like to see a pornographic actress (she is one, look it up) have her derrire beaten with a belt, there are other movies to watch. Aside from that, Jack Gleeson once again impressed me with his acting qualities. Later on, there's another very sexually explicit moment in \"Garden of Bones\". It's a disturbing, puzzling, and jaw-dropping cliffhanger as unexpected as it gets. And while this one was in the source material as well, I still don't like it. At first I reckoned this sentiment to be utter confusion about what just happened and so I could prevent writing an overhastily critical review, I decided to watch episode five right afterwards. Yet, it turns out that I still don't like it and what happened in the next episode was actually the most disappointing moment of the whole series yet  specifics on that in my review for \"The Ghost of Harrenhal\". I'm aware that quite a lot of people seemed to love that scene, but I've watched it twice and my personal conclusion is that it's a form of fantasy Game of Thrones didn't need at all. I didn't have any problems with White Walkers or dragons, but what happened here took me out of the story completely and just didn't feel right. Thankfully, the other story parts of this episode were really good and almost made me forget about the aforementioned two. Best of all, the introduction of Qarth: a walled oasis in the middle of the desert, entitled \"the greatest city that ever was or will be\". The opening of its gates was one of the Game of Thrones' most rememberable moments and revealed a masterpiece of its set designers. The curious folk we're making acquaintance with there is different from everything else in the series, and a sub-plot that hopefully receives its deserved attention in the next couple of episodes. The second new location, Harrenhal, is a far uglier place that serves the sole purpose of capturing, torturing and eventually killing Lannister prisoners. A process that could've been made more entertaining to watch, but I'll stop complaining for once and will say that I enjoyed it a lot. Maisie Williams gives a fantastic turn while a surprise guest voluntarily visits this location. As always, there's also Peter Dinklage, the imp responsible for keeping up HBO's ratings, who amazes with his enormous acting qualities. Receiving far less praise as she should is Natalie Dormer as Margaery Tyrell, making her character wonderfully exciting to watch while having a conversation with Aidan Gillen's Peter Baelish  a stand-out moment in the episode's screenplay. That makes for an episode that disappointed me at times, but was also rememberable and enthralling on other occasions. Minor flaws just can't curb my amazement for this series."
"3" "TimeToParty" 2013-05-18 "wow just wow, the way joffery treats his lady sansa isnt right, the whole stark family is down in the dumps, i hope they get back on there feet soon,   "
"4" "AJLane-TCP" 2012-05-03 "The Good:  -\"The high road's very pretty, but you'll have a hard time marching your army down it.\"  -\"If war were arithmetic, the mathematicians would rule the world.\"  -\"A man without friends is a man without power.\"  -\"Shadows cannot live in the dark.\"  The Bad: -As opposed to \"What is Dead May Never Die,\" \"Garden of Bones\" feels a bit slow."
"5" "Shane747" 2012-04-26 "So this is the second good game of thrones episode in a row, and I feel like last year, the show is getting stronger after a slow build up. That said, I didn't like Garden of Bones as much as the previous episode, although that might be entirely because of the lack of Tyrion here.  Where this episode excelled was in how it shocked the viewers, including me, with how dark and bloody it was. There were 3 scenes which were just plain sadistic and reminded us how insane the world of GoT is.  But in terms of plot development, not too much happened in this episode. Two new locations were unlocked, Harenhal and Qarth. The former is just awesome, a city melted by dragonfire and now a lannister prison or fortress of sorts. I wish we get more backstory about this place.  And I'm also beginning to see why Arya's story might be a little relevant. Now that she's cupbearer to Tywin, we might see more of what the Lannister's are doing in the war, cause right now we only know that Rob is whooping them. As for Qarth, its a giant desert city that Dany has managed to come to, and after a rather long and drawn out scene, is allowed to enter. Also, I'm really liking Renly this season, as he does seem very.. Kingly. Most unlike Stannis. Still, I'm not sure why Catelyn and Renly STILL haven't talked. Has Renly agreed to an allaince? We simply skip all that and go to Renly and Stannis suddenly talking on a field. Wasn't stannis on an island far away just last episode? And how did Renly get all the men that are Stannis' (since he's second in line)? The show needs to explain these things better. As for that final scene, I can't decide whether I liked it or not. It was a great WTF moment, but I hope the magic doesn't get too widespread. Its great when its in little touches like this and with Dany's dragons, but I sure hope mages and elves don't start popping in everywhere."
"6" "Nickylucas" 2012-04-24 "Game of Thrones Season 2 has gotten off to a bit of a..well, rough start. Sure, it was still of great quality, of course, but no where on the level of season one. I blame this partially because of the fact that A Clash of Kings is a lot slower paced than A Game of Thrones, and only gets really good at the half way mark (with Arya and Tyrion being the only saving grace in the first half). But now things have picked up now that season 2 is almost half done. This episode brought us back to Robb, who we haven't seen in a couple of weeks. He is continuing his invasion of Lannister territory, and having a lot of fun running down farting guardsmen. (I LOL'd so hard in that scene) We also got to see Catelyn and Littlefinger and Renly's war camp, where a situation has developed: King Stannis, Renly's older brother, has sailed from Dragonstone to confront his brother, rather than going right for King's Landing. This ends with a rather creepy scene involving Melisandre and her..umm...newborn child.  Meanwhile, in King's Landing, Tyrion makes a deal with Ser Whatever is name is (Despite reading the books the names do confuse me at times) to keep an eye on Cersei for Tyrion. Tyrion blackmailed him with information to bring to Joffery, and I remember loving that chapter in the book, so the show including this was a treat to me.  Meanwhile, in King's Landing, Joffery gets word of Robb's new victories and decides to take it out on Sansa by having her disrobed (or shall I say, disROBBed). In response, Tyrion figures Joffery is \"at that age\" and arranges for a couple of whores to entertain him. Well, they did entertain him alright, because violence is the only thing that really entertains this guy. So he manages to find a bunch of sharp objects to hit them with in the @ss. And no, I am not talking about his little d***. I mean actual sharp objects, such as a belt or a gigantic stick thingy. This wasn't in the books...but I'm glad it was here, because as usual, the show does a GREAT job of making us hate Joffery to the point where we want to see him, a 13 year old boy who is probably really nice in real life, get hit in the @$$ in a similar manner. Oh Joffery... Arya also has fun watching guys get tortured in Harrenhall. Oh yeah, and she's started her \"prayer\" just like Yoren. Now she wants a bunch of people dead, and understandably.  This episode is arguably the best yet in season 2. So why only a 9? Well, simply because I know better stuff is coming. This is only the beginning, and things will continue to develop. Like I said, things pick up at the second half. From now on, the episodes should be getting better and better.  Excellent episode. Can't wait for next week! "
"7" "Neksmater" 2012-04-24 "Robb continues his winning streak after crushing an upstart Lannister army with a surprise attack and he learns a thing or two from a Silent Sister (one of the sacred vow takers who deal with deceased people and who worship the Seven Gods of the realm.) We also met Roose Bolton who seems eager to live up the Flayed Man that is his House sigil and Robb's honor and unwillingness to deal out severe punishment to his enemies may cause his strife later on as he is starting to indeed be his father's son in that regard. Angry at Robb's victory Joffrey has Sansa humiliated in court but Tyrion intervenes and puts her in his protective custody. His trick to get Joffrey to be normal and just get laid was ruined by his sadistic side as he had one whore hurt another with increasing ferocity as a screw you to Tyrion. Lancel brings a message to Tyrion in regards to having Pycelle released from the Black Cells and returned to Cersei. Tyrion deduces Lancel's relationship with his sister and Lancel breaks down and Tyrion manipulates him into spying on Cersei for him. Meanwhile, in the Stormlands Renly is visited by Lord Baelish who is to take Tyrion's offer of Sansa and Arya for Jaime Lannister as a trade and pleads to her as a mother since Robb clearly won't do it. We also get to see Renly's relationship with Littlefinger be fleshed out and Renly describing why he doesn't like him and questioning his loyalty although Littlefinger's quip about being loyal to Robert's corpse is true enough. When Littlefinger tries to tell Catelyn how he feels she pulls a knife on him when he has Ned's bones brought before her as Tyrion's offer of good faith. Also the parley between Stannis and Renly truly showed the two brothers' strengths and weaknesses: Stannis's unwillingness to have friends and his moral absolutism, Renly and his naivete about war and how he's so sure that numbers win wars alone but indeed \"if numbers were all there is to war the mathematicians would run the world\" is indeed true from Littlefinger's own mouth. Also Arya continues on her captive adventure when she is taken to Harrenhal (which is reportedly haunted) and watches several people get gruesomely tortured while being asked about a Brotherhood of some sorts. Tywin Lannister arrives and sees Arya and sees through her guise. Liking her sass he says to his soldiers to release the prisoners and to have them turned into laborers (which is truly practical to be doing with them rather than just having them waiting around to die) and Arya is appointed as Tywin's cup-bearer. Hopefully he won't see through her guise and discover her true identity but this will be an interesting thread to go off of. No Theon this week or Bran or Jon Snow but hopefully that will be remedied next week. Daenerys recieves one of her rider's back from the great city of Qarth but when they reach the gates they want to see her dragons but she refuses but luckily one of the 13 of Qarth (13 merchants who presumably control the economy and the city itself) called Xaro Xhoan Daxos claims responsibility for her and welcomes her to Qarth which is stunningly beautiful as a set piece as well as Harrenhal which has the opposite effect of being haunting and depraved looking. While we didn't get to see the battle that Robb won it was good to at least see the aftermath of it. Melisandre played off as threatening and enticing as she is in the books and Stannis sends Davos to send a boat ashore when he realizes Renly won't yield to him and surrender his army. Davos rows Melisandre to the shore and through closed bars in a cave on the beach she gives birth to some shadow demon looking thing. I know right, this is some sick sorcery but I wonder if Stannis knows that this is his \"son\" that she promised him. Fantastic episode, and I am getting more attuned to the pace now with the several split storylines but next week looks surely to be awesome as well."
"8" "DavidRouben" 2012-04-23 "I just read somewhere that Game of Thrones is the most graphic show ever on television. This episode lived up to that title, and there's no reason to believe that it'll continue that way. Reading the title of this review might seem a bit over-exaggerated, but i think it's true. This was one of the most well-written episodes of the show that i've seen.  the directing for GoT is top notch as always and does an amazing job at being atmospheric and showing how large yet scary the world of Westeros is. A few prime examples of that in this episode which made it hard to watch were the dungeon scenes where the teenagers were getting tortured, and the bedroom scene when Joffrey (just saying that name makes me cringe now) forces two hookers to beat each other with his club. Of course, it was great seeing Daenerys as she has become one of my favourite characters to watch on the show.  Then of course, there was the ending scene, which I'm sure has become engraved in people's memories by now. I won't give it away, but it's the reason that i haven't given this episode a higher score - not because it was bad - but because it had me scratching my head for the longest time rather than having my jaw dropped, which I'm sure was the intention. It also reminded me a bit of the smoke monster from lost - not sure if that's a good thing. People who have read the books will probably know more, but i'm sure that any questions that we have will be answered in the coming weeks."
"9" "TrueTvWatcher" 2012-04-23 "Garden of Bones was a great episode of Game of Thrones but I felt it lacked real depth and though there were many good scenes, I feel that the time used was wasted some how. I was entertained by the story lines and found what happened to be very interesting. Arya becoming the cup-bearer of Tywin Lannister, Sansa being used for Joffrey's sick pleasure, and seeing what Joffrey did to the poor slave girl were all awful. There was a lot of character and plot development, but somehow I felt it wasn't enough. It was interesting that Robb won another battle and to see Stannis meet with Renly and Cat Stark. Seeing Dany gain refuge for her people was awesome and very becoming of the Mother of Dragons. i certainly look forward to watching what happens next!!!!!!!!!"
"10" "ionee24" 2012-04-23 "Garden of Bones is a most effective episode that manages to balance the common people's grief  -both within and against Robb's side - on this war, with a strong emotional response from each and every character.  Harrenhal in particular, turns out to be a chamber of horrors. Its only comfort, a spot where the family of the one being tortured to death explains the Night's Watch children, now chained together, that no one survives this. Day after day, Gendry falls sleep hearing Arya's list and each morning she wakes up next to him. The moment he's picked to die, elicits her first real sign of affection, as the child can't help herself but to follow the lad for as long as their eyes are locked together. And, perhaps because they have become family,  Arya takes the spot that belongs to Gendry's, with Hot Pie paying silent respects to her upcoming grief ...until Tywin Lannister himself enters the Castle and spares all able and skilled hands of anything other than working for his cause.  Coincidentally, working for said cause it's how Littlefinger proves, once and for all, timing is not his strongest suit, aiming for Catlyn's heart so recently after she became a widow. Fortunately, that doesn't seem to be a problem for Stannis, who sends his right hand man to watch over Melisandre as she gaves birth  the strongest shadow monster ever fathered by a Lord of the Light's fanatic."
"11" "lucianoabc" 2012-04-23 "The best episode of the second season yet, without a doubt. I am seriously looking forward to the next one. The directing wasn't as good as the previous ones but the writing was exceptional. Specially in the end... That scene left with a big ? in my mind..."
