nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2012-04-29	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
2	Baitac	2012-04-29	The Map!! No new towns. I don't care. It's just too cool.
3	Baitac	2012-04-29	I'm not sure about this shadow business CGI. It reminded too much of The Mummy.
4	Fire Princess Arianne	2012-04-29	Did I see the comet in the opening sequence? I haven't noticed it before tonight. LOVE the new map!
5	Doza	2012-04-29	Loras blames Stannis.  A small change.
					
					
							Edited by Doza, 29 April 2012 - 08:12 PM.
6	Ser Hippie	2012-04-29	Brienne getting to show off some nice fighting skills too.
Hmm, and Davos commanding the fleet at Blackwater.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 29 April 2012 - 08:18 PM.
7	sharkhawk	2012-04-29	What was the reason for the gate.  I mean I know what it was for in the books, but why here
8	Baitac	2012-04-29	Why on earth did they take the wildfyre idea fron Tyrion to give it to Cersei? It was one of Tyrion's best ideas as Hand?
9	Doza	2012-04-29	I don't like Davos potentially taking the fall for Blackwater.
10	Ser Hippie	2012-04-29	Why on earth did they take the wildfyre idea fron Tyrion to give it to Cersei? It was one of Tyrion's best ideas as Hand?It was Cersei's idea in the book too initially wasnt it? His was the chain.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 29 April 2012 - 08:22 PM.
11	sharkhawk	2012-04-29	I like Dagmar
12	Doza	2012-04-29	Yeah the wildfire was Cercei's idea and then Tyrion realized how useful it is.
13	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-04-29	Dagmer being a stranger to Theon - why?  And the Fist is waaay too far north.  This is like land of always winter north, instead of the haunted forest.
Giving Bran Jojen's dreams? Bah.
					
					
							Edited by XirÂ<U+0092>kirimakra, 29 April 2012 - 08:47 PM.
14	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-29	No jojen and meera!?!? wtf..
15	lostinwesteros	2012-04-29	Just saw the scene where Brienne pledged to Catelyn --  I love, love, love Brienne in this!
16	greatgeek	2012-04-29	Dagmer being a stranger to Theon - why?  And the Fist is waaay too far north.  This is like land of always winter north, instead of the haunted forest.Giving Bran Jojen's dreams? Bah.At least they didn't cut those too.
17	lostinwesteros	2012-04-29	Don't like Mormont ridiculing Jon for the Craster bit
18	Baitac	2012-04-29	Whoops! My bad.
19	RandomWanderer	2012-04-29	Why on earth did they take the wildfyre idea fron Tyrion to give it to Cersei? It was one of Tyrion's best ideas as Hand?my thought exactly...
20	prof talc	2012-04-29	LOVED Ayra's exchange with Tywin. "Anyone can be killed." Wow, that was awesome. Get that young lady an Emmy and a Golden Globe ASAP.
21	towerofjoy	2012-04-29	First episode for me that flew by, think it is starting to get good. Loved Arya - "anyone can be killed"... Take that to heart Tywin! Or perhaps to your gut would be more appropriate.
22	RandomWanderer	2012-04-29	This second season in general really isn't doing it for me.. I feel there is just a lot missing/being rushed with arya... then again fitting it all in 10 episodes is ridiculous to begin with.
the only episode I can honestly say I like so far this season is Ep3.
23	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-29	LOVED Ayra's exchange with Tywin. "Anyone can be killed." Wow, that was awesome. Get that young lady an Emmy and a Golden Globe ASAP.This was one of my favourite moments as well. And Gendry without a shirt.
24	LuisDantas	2012-04-29	The pyromancer claimed that it was wyldfire that kept the Targaryens in power after the dragons were gone.  It makes some sense.  Was it referenced in the books?
25	Pontius the Penniless	2012-04-29	I will not be very happy if Jojen and Meera don't show up. We already missed out on seeing the Blackfish in season 1. Otherwise, I thought this episode was one of the best one's so far this season.
26	Fez	2012-04-29	Not saying there's a causation between there being no pointless sex scenes or added scenes that dragged on forever and this being my favorite episode of the season thus far; but there's definitely a correlation.
Even though Jagen's occasional use of pronouns was disappointing, overall he was great. Arya was also great as always; loved her short monologue on her brother. Bronn getting lots of lines was a welcome move as well.  Qarth still seems more like a cheesy '80s thing, but I'm starting to dig it.  Iceland truly looks beautiful; I gotta visit sometime.
27	ckal	2012-04-29	This was an awesome episode. Definitely the best one so far.
Just like the book, it took about half way to really get going. Things are going to be kicked into overdrive for the last 5 eps.
Can't wait!
28	Nymphetamine	2012-04-29	Jaqen H'ghar was exactly how I pictured him in the books.
29	Baitac	2012-04-29	I thought it was a good transitional episode. There's a new boss or bosses in town and that's the series' writers. There's a lot of consolidation, simplification, and plain old skipping of scenes and characters. I still love the series, although it is different from the books in some aspects. They still keep the spirit of the books, even if they don't follow the letter exactly.
30	arya horsefaceless	2012-04-29	Arya is just awesome this season.  A Rickon signing, which was pretty funny.  I guess next episode will end where Theon says he's going after Winterfell.
Just a great episode from start to finish.  It didn't fee like there was any wasted time in there.
31	LauraD	2012-04-29	Loved Davos, showing his struggle between being Stannis's right hand man and Stannis's friend.  The bit with Jorah was a poorly written scene that was made brilliant by sharp acting.  
I'm really enjoying how they're doing Arya right.  Also, shirtless Gendry.  Enjoyed that too.
32	House Snow	2012-04-29	I loved the episode.  I think people are going to need to suck it up and accept that there are going to be changes.  It was a fantastic episode from start to finish.  Also, who knows maybe those two orphans will end up being J and M (yes I know they gave Bran his dream).  But you know giving Bran the dreams made for good TV.  Better than if Jojen had them to be honest.  Its too bad Bran doesn't have a lot of screen time, b/c the kid who is playing him is near Masie's level.
33	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	I will not be very happy if Jojen and Meera don't show up. We already missed out on seeing the Blackfish in season 1. Otherwise, I thought this episode was one of the best one's so far this season.The Reeds have not been cast.  But perhaps they'll show up in season 3.This was a very solid episode, I have no complaints and there were a lot of scenes I absolutely loved.  Also some very solid acting from many of the actors particularly Arya, Bran and Brienne.
34	tolthar	2012-04-29	3 eyed raven?
35	Ran	2012-04-29	Even though Jagen's occasional use of pronouns was disappointingThat's from the book.I think #3 is still the best episode of the season (after having decided in the days after declaring #4 the best that it had some significant problems). The opening to this was very deflating, and it colored everything else a bit. Missed opportunities...Luis,No, that's not from the book. Wildfire never brought anyone anything but trouble. It certainly didn't do anything for the Targaryens.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2012 - 09:17 PM.
36	ckal	2012-04-29	Arya horsefaceless-
I think next ep will be Theon taking Winterfell, by the look of the preview.
And I agree, superb episode and there were no scenes that dragged or didn't have purpose. Just a shame we don't see much of Jaime or Robb this season!
37	Baitac	2012-04-29	Did Rickon actually have any lines or was it all sound effects?
38	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-04-29	That's right, Game of Thrones. That's more like it.
More episodes like this (+Varys), please? A man is reminded how amazing this adaptation can be.
39	ckal	2012-04-29	And we got to see Drogon which was awesome. And Ghost.
40	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Good episode although I didn't care for some of the changes.  I guess King in the North means literally King in the North...go fuck yourselves, Riverlands!
Renly's death in the book was much better though Brienne kicking ass was pretty cool. 
Liked Bran's scene a lot too.  Hey, Rickon, you're still alive!  I was amused by what he was doing with the walnuts.
I don't mind The Tickler's getting it early.  He disappears for so long in the book that non-readers might not even remember when he shows up again later.  Arya still needs to kill one of her enemies when that moment is eventaully shot though.  Loved the scene with her and Tywin and that is a fascinating dynamic.  Although it's going to be hard to justify her not telling Jaqen to kill Tywin.
Liked Stannis/Davos.  Liked Cat/Brienne even more, despite having to rush through that a little.
I think Cersei did come up with the wildfire idea but it was Tyrion who utilized it in a way that didn't burn down the entire freakin city.
More Bronn, a plus.  More Edd, a plus.  "We live for another day.  Hoo-rah!"  Liked seeing Qhorin and I'm glad that they kept his line about never being called a Lord before.
I am having a problem with this season though.  It's hard to focus on what's going on because they can only spend a limited amount of time on each storyline.  Season 1 handled that well but Season 2 is having a problem with all the new characters and stories.
41	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-29	Green dreams? Bran is more complete in the series than in the books, lol. Tywin was a bit soft IMO. Rude with his nephew(?) but he was too nice with Arya. And Loras not accusing Brienne? Strange.
Good episode though. Davos, Arya and Tyrion were great.
42	ckal	2012-04-29	That's right, Game of Thrones. That's more like it.More episodes like this (+Varys), please? A man is reminded how amazing this adaptation can be.QFT.
43	I'm the Ghost in Harrenhal	2012-04-29	Loved this episode minus them changing who Arya chooses as her first kill. The scene with her and the tickler in the books gave me chills, it was just so good. I guess I can understand they don't want to make her seem "psycho" on the show, but a girl is sad.
44	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Forgot to mention...Pyat Pree was very freaky.  In a good way.  I love the look of Qarth.
45	House Snow	2012-04-29	That's from the book.I think #3 is still the best episode of the season (after having decided in the days after declaring #4 the best that it had some significant problems). The opening to this was very deflating, and it colored everything else a bit. Missed opportunities...Luis,No, that's not from the book. Wildfire never brought anyone anything but trouble. It certainly didn't do anything for the Targaryens.How so? B/C Brienne was the badass instead of Loras?  Or b/c it didn't look like Stannis?
46	J_Crews	2012-04-29	No jojen and meera!?!? wtf..Yeah, I think that ship has sailed, sadly.  I had high hopes we'd see the Reeds next season, but now I'm doubting it.  Jojen, at least, is now totally superfluous, since they've given his greendreams to Bran.  Maybe we'll still get Meera, but probably not.  Her only real purpose now would be to tell the story of the Knight of the Laughing Tree, which they can have Luwin do at some point over the next few weeks.
	Spoiler   I'm now drifting toward the idea Luwin survives and takes Rickon, so Osha can go north with Bran and Hodor.
47	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-29	my thought exactly...Because it was never his idea originally but Cersei's. Tyrion's idea was the great chain.With that said this was a fantastic episode, especially for being a transitional one. It helped to build up a lot of tension for what is coming and really has me excited for next week. Jacqen was great this week, even if his first kill was the Tickler. Add in great scenes with Arya and Davos and I really enjoyed it. I do have to admit that I still dislike the fact that the Reeds hadn't been cast for this season but it something to live with.
48	LuisDantas	2012-04-29	Some specific comments:
- Arya's scenes were very well done.  Her conversations with Tywin and Jaqen flowed real nicely. Tywin's cunning kept being shown.
- It is a shame that apparently we will have no sign of Ramsay this season, and apparently no Jojen or Meera for a long time if at all.  Still, time constraints, I guess it couldn't be helped.
- Nice to see that they are allowing no ambiguity about Stannis' knowledge and moral flaws. 
- Renly and Catelyn seemed to have a better understanding than in the books.  Again, I like it.  It sort of emphasizes the depth of loss that Renly's death caused.
- Dargen's relationship to Theon and Loras recognizing that Brienne did not kill Renly were significant changes, but maybe not so much so in the long run.  Same with Qhorin learning of Jon Snow on the fly, but maybe it was for the better as well.
- Theon had some killer scenes.  His fight for acceptance and respect really showed through, as did his actual competence.  No one ever gives him nearly enough credit, which only shows how stern the guy actually is.
All in all, a very good episode, albeit one that dares to make significant changes in order to improve on clarity.  In some respects it is even better than the books.
49	ckal	2012-04-29	One thing I don't get though is why they changed the way in which someone gets stabbed from the books.
In the first season Jaime killed the mad king by stabbing him in the back instead of cutting his throat.
Here, Renly dies by being stabbed in the back instead of the shadow cutting his throat.
Hmmm....
50	blasted_saber	2012-04-29	Does Jaquen reference the Red God in the books?
Faceless Men are supposed to revere the "Many Faced God"
51	J_Crews	2012-04-29	LOVED Ayra's exchange with Tywin. "Anyone can be killed." Wow, that was awesome. Get that young lady an Emmy and a Golden Globe ASAP.Fingers crossed.
52	Fat Mac	2012-04-29	Overall an awesome episode. I liked pretty much all the scenes. Cool how they included Dagmer too.
53	blasted_saber	2012-04-29	One thing I don't get though is why they changed the way in which someone gets stabbed from the books.In the first season Jaime killed the mad king by stabbing him in the back instead of cutting his throat.Here, Renly dies by being stabbed in the back instead of the shadow cutting his throat.Hmmm....thats quite a nitpick, lol.
54	Jory	2012-04-29	I liked it, don't like the obvious changes they made to Stannis' storyline, but oh well.
55	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-29	Cannot believe the season is halfway over.
Was really curious how the Renly's death scene would look...CGI people did a great job with making the shadow look like Stannis. Nice little action sequence with Brienne, too. Gwen coped well. She played the scene with Catelyn a little awkward, though...I'm trying to decide if it fits or if she's overacting a bit.
The scene with Maisie and Charles Dance made this episode for me. They didn't even have to speak to one another. Just seeing those 2 in the same room was too much awesome to filter. And, then, Tywin spoke to Arya, and I was all "Excuse me, I feel like angels are speaking to me now in some language that I'm too lowly to comprehend." Not worthy. Glad the show made this change if only to see these two characters play off one another.
Jaqen is perfect. He combines creepy and charismatic much in the same way he can make red/white hair look cool.
Not that it makes it impossible for Jojen and Meera to ever appear, but Branjen's dreams really clarifies months of speculation. I really enjoyed Bran's rag tag group, though. I'll be really sad if we don't see them all together. Small, but great, detail was Rickon smashing the walnuts. Every bit the pint-sized badass.
Seeing the Dany scenes in Qarth was cool. I don't necessarily think we ever got to see her try to acculturate her Khalasar as we did here...unless I'm not remembering some details. I think it's here where it'll be worthwhile to show she does have some Queenly qualities in so much as how she's forming this completely new culture with a Khalasar who blends as opposed to remain insular. Great seeing another dragon appearance!
Speaking of Queens, "I don't want to be a Queen, I want to be THE Queen." Meow, Marge. Can't wait for you to meet Cersei.
Pyat Pree was every bit as demented as he should be. Should be really interesting to see how they handle the House of the Undying...it was such a trippy sequence. And, Quaithe! I LOLed. The way she popped up and made you instantly disconcerted with that creepy mask is exactly how it reads in the book. "Stop doing that, woman!"
As someone who has spent hours with the audio book, it was cool seeing Roy Dotrice as Hallyne.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 29 April 2012 - 09:37 PM.
56	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Just saw the scene where Brienne pledged to Catelyn --  I love, love, love Brienne in this!Pretty much perfect!  ...  Errr.... except she didn't do the hand-holding thing correctly.  And, yes, I'm joking.  I'm not that much of a nitpicker.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
57	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-29	Oh, and what about the Quaithe? Finally we saw her. Not as I imagined reading the books, but very nice. Pyat Pree too, very freaky.
About the speed of the series, my father (yes, I watch with him) has lots os problems to memorize characters names. He has no time to do it, since even Stannis appears not much in the episodes, which are once a week. So maybe that's why they cut Jojen, Meera and the Walders, 4 more characters. For the audience it was a nice move.
58	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-29	I loved this episode. My favorite of the season. Watching it again.  <3
59	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	One thing I don't get though is why they changed the way in which someone gets stabbed from the books.In the first season Jaime killed the mad king by stabbing him in the back instead of cutting his throat.Here, Renly dies by being stabbed in the back instead of the shadow cutting his throat.Hmmm....Good point.  Perhaps stabbing in the back just comes across better on the show visually.  Otherwise, I'm not sure why that was changed.
60	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-29	Does Jaquen reference the Red God in the books?Faceless Men are supposed to revere the "Many Faced God"He does. This is the second reference, too, so it looks like they're dumbing the show down on that point as well. Not so terrible, but I feel like it was a needless cut.ETA -- he references the red god in the books too, perhaps? /noob
					
					
							Edited by Bran the Bummer, 29 April 2012 - 09:27 PM.
61	axels15	2012-04-29	Good episode although I didn't care for some of the changes.  I guess King in the North means literally King in the North...go fuck yourselves, Riverlands!Renly's death in the book was much better though Brienne kicking ass was pretty cool.Liked Bran's scene a lot too.  Hey, Rickon, you're still alive!  I was amused by what he was doing with the walnuts.I don't mind The Tickler's getting it early.  He disappears for so long in the book that non-readers might not even remember when he shows up again later.  Arya still needs to kill one of her enemies when that moment is eventaully shot though.  Loved the scene with her and Tywin and that is a fascinating dynamic.  Although it's going to be hard to justify her not telling Jaqen to kill Tywin.Liked Stannis/Davos.  Liked Cat/Brienne even more, despite having to rush through that a little.I think Cersei did come up with the wildfire idea but it was Tyrion who utilized it in a way that didn't burn down the entire freakin city.More Bronn, a plus.  More Edd, a plus.  "We live for another day.  Hoo-rah!"  Liked seeing Qhorin and I'm glad that they kept his line about never being called a Lord before.I am having a problem with this season though.  It's hard to focus on what's going on because they can only spend a limited amount of time on each storyline.  Season 1 handled that well but Season 2 is having a problem with all the new characters and stories.I think this episode did jump around a lot, but I'd argue that the previous two were actually very focused. I think this episode served as a fallout/setting up point for the next five episodes. It certainly seems like the next one in particular will be somewhat focused around Theon/Winterfell and reaction, plus Jon in the North, and I get the feeling Stannis/Davos may not even be in the next episode, considering they are "consolidating" the army.I definitely see what you mean though.I was a little disappointed with the actual Shadow Creature, and I was fully expecting it to come out of Renly's shadow. Perhaps it would have cost too much?That said, the build up, for someone who has read the book and knows what is going to happen, was intense in that scene and my heart was in my throat.I don't have a problem with what they did with margery's character because I honestly believe she had to have been that ambitious in the books. We're just getting a first hand look at it.I miss Jamie, but that's because his character doesn't really get to flourish until the third books anyway.Arya (Maisie) is tremendous, and the scene with her and Tywin was definitely my favorite.The Dany scenes don't do it for me, but that's because I really didn't like them in the books either, till near the end. What is everyone's problem with Qarth though?
62	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	I also have to say how brilliant they made Pyat Pree and Qaithe.  Both entirely creepy/mysterious and leaving me wanting more.  I'm glad they didn't cut the House of the Undying bit because I think that is the climax of Dany's entire story across all 4/5 books.
63	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Jaqen H'ghar was exactly how I pictured him in the books.Me as well.
64	Qwop22	2012-04-29	This was my favorite episode this season by far. No unecessary sex scenes or made up nonsense that wastes screen time. The exchange between Tywin and Arya was brilliant. Maisie is awesome, and that look she gave him as she said "Any man can be killed."! That sent shivers down my spine. 
I thought the Qarth scenes were very well done, and was thrilled to see Pyat Pree introduced and the House of the Undying mentioned. 
Renlys death could be viewed as cheesy but it's cgi; what do you expect. I thought it was handled very true to the book. Brienne killing the guards was awesome; and when she offered herself to Cat later was very moving. 
Theons further embarrassment was amusing. Having Theon not know who Dagmer is doesn't really bother me. He's such a small character it's not important to inform the audience he was previously known. It's kind of disappointing he isn't missing part of his jaw but that's to be expected. 
I loved how they laid the groundwork for Margaery to come back and become engaged to Joffrey. It was a much need POV from her to see how determined she is to become Queen. It also shows how Littlefinger will be the one to broker the alliance. 
The wildfire scene was done exceptionally well. For those saying why did they make it Cerseis idea? Well, in the books it is her idea. Cersei has been habing them secretly make wildfire until Tyrionmfinds out and then takes over. They nailed the casting of the pyromancer. The casting in the show is always unbelievably good. I can't wait to see the chain be thrown in there. 
I'm not sure how I feel about Davosnbeing the reason Melisandre is left out of the battle of Blackwater, but meh whatever. It gives an explanation for him being in the leading attack of the ships. The actor playing Stannis is getting better and better with each episode. 
The one gripe I have with this episode: The Fist of the First Men. It was not in the middle of the mountains. It was a high hill surrounded by dense forestry. I suppose they made it look like it was in the frostfangs for more WOW factor. It definitely looks harsher and more dangerous. However, it looks near impossible to barricade. I can't wait to see Qhorin and Jon's scouting adventure and the introduction of Ygritte and Rattleshirt. 
Ok I lied; I have another gripe. Wtf is with making Jojens green dreams come from Bran? And it appears Osha knows about the three eyed crow beyond the wall. This really makes me worry about Jojen and Meera ever showing up in the series. The way it seems it's going we will probably see Osha lead Bran north. I'm not sure what will happen to Rickon then.
65	J_Crews	2012-04-29	I thought it was a good transitional episode. There's a new boss or bosses in town and that's the series' writers. There's a lot of consolidation, simplification, and plain old skipping of scenes and characters. I still love the series, although it is different from the books in some aspects. They still keep the spirit of the books, even if they don't follow the letter exactly. Agreed.  I'm very happy with what they're doing.  Could it be better?  Of course.  Could it be much, much worse?  Absolutely.
66	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	I don't have a problem with what they did with margery's character because I honestly believe she had to have been that ambitious in the books. We're just getting a first hand look at it.I prefer the way they are showing Margaery.  Like you said she probably was also this ambitious in the books too, we just didn't see her, and this scheming/ambitious character will be so much more fun to have in King's Landing later on.
67	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Was also glad they included the religious folk on the streets decriding Joffrey.
68	J_Crews	2012-04-29	A Rickon signing, which was pretty funny. I was hoping Bran would ask the lord having the audience to kindly wait a moment, snatch a knot in his creepy little ass, and have one of the guards haul him bodily out of there. I guess next episode will end where Theon says he's going after Winterfell.Winterfell will fall in the next ep.
69	dtones520	2012-04-29	Just remember that this is an adaptation. The ultimate story is being told and told excellently. Yes, there are minor changes, there has to be.  Budget, things making sense to non-book readers, not having too many characters to remember, etc are all things that the people making the show have to consider. David and Dan are huge fans of the books, I'm sure they would include everything if they could, but it probably just wouldn't work on t.v. In the end.
Overall, my favorite episode so far.
70	Fez	2012-04-29	That's from the book.I obviously defer to you on the matter and its been quite a while since I've read acok; but I honestly don't remember him ever saying 'I' or 'you'.Shame that. He goes from a 10 on the badass scale to a 9.9. If you're gonna have a cool verbal tic that makes you completely distinct; you gotta stick with it.
71	Ran	2012-04-29	House Snow,B/C Brienne was the badass instead of Loras? Or b/c it didn't look like Stannis?No problem with Brienne fighting well -- that's what happens in the book -- but I do note that her killing those men is rather early, where it's something of a big deal when she finally does kill her first man.But the failure to make the killing match the eeriness of the shadow birth was a big surprise, and I think it largely has to do with the "Lost monster" entry, the rather mediocre direction, and so on. I think had it been done more as in the book, in this particular case, it would have worked better. I actually think they had intended to do it that way at some point -- notice how superbly clear Renly's shadow is against the tent wall. But they then went another direction, I guess.As to Loras, that's also a part of it -- it's not that he goes "badass", it's that he rages and kills his sworn brothers in his grief. It's the emotion of it, and the tragedy, as it affects Loras that doesn't really get conveyed with anything like the power of what Martin mentions in a couple of lines. This is stuff that haunts the Loras Tyrell of the novels, but it just doesn't exist.Would it have been hard to have Loras spattered with the blood of two guards that killed because they stood outside shouting for help rather than running in?And why did they decide to have him know that Brienne didn't do it? I'm baffled by this sort of thing, to be honest. They literally gave Finn Jones the scene where Loras accuses Brienne for his audition -- because, hey, good scene with a lot of emotion in it -- and then they go to something... well, boring. "Oh, wasn't Brienne, must be Stannis." If they feared that they needed them to settle on Stannis quickly to motivate the Tyrells jumping to the Lannisters, why not just have him suppose that Brienne did it at Stannis's behest?Anyways, I had really looked forward to the killing, and it was only okay. I had really looked at their taking those couple of lines and really giving Loras Tyrell that moment of rage and grief on the screen, in the way that the TV show can do because it's not wedded to a POV structure... and they didn't do it. It was disappointing.Re: Jaqen,From the book:"Three lives you shall have of me."Why he slips out of the tick just then, who knows? GRRM may have slipped himself, or perhaps there's some meaning to it.As to the red god, yes, Jaqen repeatedly refers to R'hllor because he, Rorge, and Biter were going to burn alive if Arya didn't help. So she stole their deaths from R'hllor, the firey aspect of the Many Faced God.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2012 - 09:36 PM.
72	J_Crews	2012-04-29	The Reeds have not been cast.  But perhaps they'll show up in season 3.I hope, but I'm doubting it more and more.  Jojen, at least, is now totally superfluous.
73	dtones520	2012-04-29	One thing I don't get though is why they changed the way in which someone gets stabbed from the books.In the first season Jaime killed the mad king by stabbing him in the back instead of cutting his throat.Here, Renly dies by being stabbed in the back instead of the shadow cutting his throat.Hmmm....Seriously? Who cares? They are both dead...
74	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	I think this episode did jump around a lot, but I'd argue that the previous two were actually very focused. I think this episode served as a fallout/setting up point for the next five episodes. It certainly seems like the next one in particular will be somewhat focused around Theon/Winterfell and reaction, plus Jon in the North, and I get the feeling Stannis/Davos may not even be in the next episode, considering they are "consolidating" the army.I definitely see what you mean though.I was a little disappointed with the actual Shadow Creature, and I was fully expecting it to come out of Renly's shadow. Perhaps it would have cost too much?That said, the build up, for someone who has read the book and knows what is going to happen, was intense in that scene and my heart was in my throat.I don't have a problem with what they did with margery's character because I honestly believe she had to have been that ambitious in the books. We're just getting a first hand look at it.I miss Jamie, but that's because his character doesn't really get to flourish until the third books anyway.Arya (Maisie) is tremendous, and the scene with her and Tywin was definitely my favorite.The Dany scenes don't do it for me, but that's because I really didn't like them in the books either, till near the end.What is everyone's problem with Qarth though?That's a fair point, they have been a little more streamlined and given more time for certain stories, like Tyrion and Dany.
75	J_Crews	2012-04-29	3 eyed raven? I caught that as well.  I guess they're worried about viewers getting confused i.e. crow/raven, etc..
76	teemo	2012-04-29	Wow.  This was probably my least favorite episode so far this season.  I'm surprised how many people love it so much.  There were so many made-up things and huge modifications that it made my head hurt.  Loved the first four, but I just didn't feel the same for this episode....
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 30 April 2012 - 12:47 AM.
77	J_Crews	2012-04-29	And we got to see Drogon which was awesome. And Ghost.Drogon was adorable... and so was Doreah.  Va va va- voom!  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />   /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
78	Atreides	2012-04-29	Does Jaquen reference the Red God in the books?Faceless Men are supposed to revere the "Many Faced God"I think they're combining the foreign religions for simplicity. There's already the Northern and Southern religions and the foreign Red God. Bit annoying, but having four religions, including one that's fairly minor until much later on, might have been a bit too confusing for some people. They can just make the faceless men a different sect or division of the R'hllor worship and make things work out reasonably.Edit: Saw Ran posted and that referencing the Red God actually makes sense in this instance. I'd forgotten that aspect of things.
					
					
							Edited by Atreides, 29 April 2012 - 09:44 PM.
79	dtones520	2012-04-29	Wow.  This was probably my least favorite episode so far this season.  I'm surprised how many people love it so much.  There were so many made-up things and huge modifications that it made my head hurt.You complain about every episode it seems. Why watch the show if you are going to hold it to impossible standards?
80	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	And why did they decide to have him know that Brienne didn't do it? I'm baffled by this sort of thing, to be honest. They literally gave Finn Jones the scene where Loras accuses Brienne for his audition -- because, hey, good scene with a lot of emotion in it -- and then they go to something... well, boring. "Oh, wasn't Brienne, must be Stannis." If they feared that they needed them to settle on Stannis quickly to motivate the Tyrells jumping to the Lannisters, why not just have him suppose that Brienne did it at Stannis's behest?This part definitely baffled me.  It didn't bother me, really because it is a minor piece that doesn't change the overall story which is all I really ask for.  But I think there would have been better opportunities for emotional scenes down the line (particularly when Jaime schools Loras upon their reunion in Feast).
81	axels15	2012-04-29	As to the red god, yes, Jaqen repeatedly refers to R'hllor because he, Rorge, and Biter were going to burn alive if Arya didn't help. So she stole their deaths from R'hllor, the firey aspect of the Many Faced God.I never made that connection!!! Thank you!!!
82	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-29	I just remembered the one thing that annoyed me because it was at the beginning of the episode. Renly ought to have been in full armour when the shadow killed him. It helped to lay doubt on Brienne's part in his death.
ETA -- but that is a relatively minor complaint. Not nitpicking.
					
					
							Edited by Bran the Bummer, 29 April 2012 - 09:44 PM.
83	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Forgot to mention...Pyat Pree was very freaky.  In a good way.  I love the look of Qarth. Here, here.  Pyat Pree and Quaithe were both creepy like you read about...
84	teemo	2012-04-29	"The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life."
85	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	I think they're combining the foreign religions for simplicity. There's already the Northern and Southern religions and the foreign Red God. Bit annoying, but having four religions, including one that's fairly minor until much later on, might have been a bit too confusing for some people. They can just make the faceless men a different sect or division of the R'hllor worship and make things work out reasonably.Jaqen references the Red God in this scene in the books too.  It's not a change.I see many people beat me to it.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 29 April 2012 - 09:42 PM.
86	teemo	2012-04-29	You complain about every episode it seems. Why watch the show if you are going to hold it to impossible standards?That's not true.  I do complain about every episode, but I have a lot of good things to say too.  This happened to be my least favorite.
87	dtones520	2012-04-29	I think they're combining the foreign religions for simplicity. There's already the Northern and Southern religions and the foreign Red God. Bit annoying, but having four religions, including one that's fairly minor until much later on, might have been a bit too confusing for some people. They can just make the faceless men a different sect or division of the R'hllor worship and make things work out reasonably.He was referring to the Red God because they were going to burn to death, thus Rhollor being involved. They were going to burn to death in the book, and when he talked to Arya in the books he referenced the Red God or Rhollor as well. We don't learn anything about the Many Faced God until Arya gets to Braavos.
88	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	I just remembered the one thing that annoyed me because it was at the beginning of the episode. Renly ought to have been in full armour when the shadow killed him. It helped to lay doubt on Brienne's part in his death.Well, unlike in the books, no one really blames Brienne.  Everyone is just confused and doesn't know what really happened.
89	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Does Jaquen reference the Red God in the books?Faceless Men are supposed to revere the "Many Faced God"He does.  The Faceless Men believe all the gods are only aspects of the one true God they call He of Many Faces.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 29 April 2012 - 09:57 PM.
90	StannisWins	2012-04-29	I can't even imagine how they're going to pull off the House of the Undying.
91	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Cannot believe the season is halfway over.Me neither... and it could bring a man to tears.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
92	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	I can't even imagine how they're going to pull off the House of the Undying.Me either, but I'm definitely looking forward to it.
93	teemo	2012-04-29	Favorite - Brienne's acting. Dany's blue dress (I want that!). Jaqen (exact image in my head from book).
Least favorite - The secret door in Qarth, the Reeds being cut (really stood out in this episode).  Oh, and The Tickler not getting the proper death.  That was definitely the most disappointing.  Really wanted to see Arya kill him.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 29 April 2012 - 09:49 PM.
94	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-04-29	Another thing I just thought I'd throw out there: I'm not exactly sure why, but after that scene with Davos, I am totally behind Stephen Dillane as Stannis now. I had a few doubts at first, but something about his acting in that scene was just so perfectly Stannis.
95	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Perhaps stabbing in the back just comes across better on the show visually.  Otherwise, I'm not sure why that was changed.Cheaper.  Less makeup for the opened throat.  Less blood.  Less of a drag on the budget.
96	teemo	2012-04-29	Another thing I just thought I'd throw out there: I'm not exactly sure why, but after that scene with Davos, I am totally behind Stephen Dillane as Stannis now. I had a few doubts at first, but something about his acting in that scene was just so perfectly Stannis.I think Dillane is great.  I think most of the time when he comes off wrong is due to bad writing, not him.  He was definitely Stannis in this episode though.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 29 April 2012 - 09:51 PM.
97	Ser Hippie	2012-04-29	Drogon was adorable... and so was Doreah.  Va va va- voom!  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />   /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />I won't deny that keeping Doreah alive was a change I am fully in favor of.The change in blame over Renly's death was somewhat troublesome but I can live with it. I'm more interested/concerned about what the death of the Tickler means for Arya's scene down the road but given the way the show's working I'm not sure it's as big a deal (I don't know if viewers would have the same visceral reaction book readers did).
98	axels15	2012-04-29	Cheaper.  Less makeup for the opened throat.  Less blood.  Less of a drag on the budget.Also probably less CGI. That stuff is Eeeeeeexpensive
99	teemo	2012-04-29	Cheaper.  Less makeup for the opened throat.  Less blood.  Less of a drag on the budget.I actually practically had my eyes covered right before he was killed because I was expecting a throat slash, lol.  Hate seeing throats slashed.
100	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Here, here.  Pyat Pree and Quaithe were both creepy like you read about...Yes!  My apologies for not mentioning Quaithe.  That mask was very, very freaky.
101	teemo	2012-04-29	Quaithe was....odd.  I was shocked that she was talking to Jorah.  Weird.  Pyat Pree was awesome and even startled my boyfriend.
102	Meg Stark	2012-04-29	Great episode for the individual stories. Definitely hard to follow all of the story lines at times. Seemed almost like too much. But there were some great acting moments and I can't complain about any episode where we actually get to see dragons! 
Renly's death scene was just okay. I guess I pictured the shadow looking more like Stannis. Also thought Brienne would be a little more pulling out her hair upset. I would have thought Loras would also be going completely mad in the scene with the body.
The line "I want to be the queen" is a perfect example of what a great job they did casting Natalie Dormer. I know opinions differ but I love what they are doing with her storyline. 
Anyone can die. Amazing.
I really didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t picture that scenery north of the wall. Almost looks too unrealistic to have an encampment. Maybe that was just a lack of imagination on my part but it seems almost too much.  Good use of exposition to explain history through Sam.
Pyat Pree scared the crap out of me. Very well done.
I know I shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, but I find myself rooting for Jorah. Maybe it is just the actor.
Rickon sighting! Loved seeing Bran really acting as Lord of Winterfell.
103	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Another thing I just thought I'd throw out there: I'm not exactly sure why, but after that scene with Davos, I am totally behind Stephen Dillane as Stannis now. I had a few doubts at first, but something about his acting in that scene was just so perfectly Stannis.Agreed.  I think they did the character a disservice but cutting his initial scene (with Cressen in the prologue) but I think Dillane has been getting better and better and he seems much more like Stannis.Liam Cunningham is terrific too.
104	teemo	2012-04-29	The line "I want to be the queen" is a perfect example of what a great job they did casting Natalie Dormer. I know opinions differ but I love what they are doing with her storyline.I think she's my female character in the show, excluding the Stark children.  I was kind of ambivalent toward her in the books, but Natalie Dormer is just perfect as her.
105	J_Crews	2012-04-29	I can't even imagine how they're going to pull off the House of the Undying. Wondering about this as well.
106	J_Crews	2012-04-29	I think Dillane is great.  I think most of the time when he comes off wrong is due to bad writing, not him.  He was definitely Stannis in this episode though. Agreed.
107	congokong	2012-04-29	It seems like they make an effort to do the opposite of the book.
Renly dies putting on armor in the book, he's taking it off in the show.
Petyr laughs at the idea of swaying Catelyn to free Jaime in the book, he tries it in the show
Stannis is hot-headed in the book, instead Renly is hot-headed in the show
Renly likes Petyr in the book, he dislikes him in the show
Davos is a religious man in the book, he's an agnostic in the show
Anyway... I'm disappointed that the Reeds will certainly not be in it now with Bran having the green dreams instead of Jojen.
108	J_Crews	2012-04-29	I actually practically had my eyes covered right before he was killed because I was expecting a throat slash, lol.  Hate seeing throats slashed. I was practically holding my breath.
109	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Margeary still wearing funnels as clothing I see.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />   /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
110	teemo	2012-04-29	It seems like they make an effort to do the opposite of the book.Renly dies putting on armor in the book, he's taking it off in the show.Petyr laughs at the idea of swaying Catelyn to free Jaime in the book, he tries it in the showStannis is hot-headed in the book, instead Renly is hot-headed in the showRenly likes Petyr in the book, he dislikes him in the showDavos is a religious man in the book, he's an agnostic in the showAnyway... I'm disappointed that the Reeds will certainly not be in it now with Bran having the green dreams instead of Jojen.Yeah, this is why I get frustrated a lot with the show sometimes.  They make these tiny little changes that don't typically affect the story in any way, and it seems like it's happening more and more.  Like why does Davos need to be agnostic?
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 29 April 2012 - 10:04 PM.
111	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-04-29	Agreed.  I think they did the character a disservice but cutting his initial scene (with Cressen in the prologue) but I think Dillane has been getting better and better and he seems much more like Stannis.Liam Cunningham is terrific too.One thing I remember feeling very strongly while reading the books was that while Stannis is definitely a stubborn, often obnoxious, lobster-personality-having hardass, I just wanted to give him a big hug and make everything better for him. For the first time, I felt that way towards HBO-Stannis at the end of the Davos scene tonight, which is part of why Dillane's performance gave me warm fuzzies.
					
					
							Edited by A Dark And Stormy Knight, 29 April 2012 - 10:10 PM.
112	scurvy	2012-04-29	Loved this episode minus them changing who Arya chooses as her first kill. The scene with her and the tickler in the books gave me chills, it was just so good. I guess I can understand they don't want to make her seem "psycho" on the show, but a girl is sad.If she doesn't kill someone it's going to be very, very disappointing.
113	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Petyr laughs at the idea of swaying Catelyn to free Jaime in the book, he tries it in the showBecause he was basically ordered by Tyrion to do so.  It was Tyrion who sent him to the Stormlands for this purpose.
114	J_Crews	2012-04-29	I know I shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, but I find myself rooting for Jorah. Maybe it is just the actor.I've always had a soft spot for poor, screwed-up Jorah.  He's made terrible mistakes for which he hates himself.  He just wanted to go home, and that then led him to strike a deal to inform on Dany... only to, not only fall in love with her, but to ultimately revere her and truly take her for his queen.  The problem is he's betrayed her in the past and doesn't want her to know it.  He's a very flawed, very well-developed, very HUMAN character.
115	Ser Wun Wun	2012-04-29	Why didn't they make that Renly death scene the end of episode 4?  It seems to me that would have fit much better that way than as the beginning of episode 5.  Very strange decision by the producers imo.
EDIT:  Just so it's clear I'm not complaining, I actually thought it was a good episode otherwise.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 29 April 2012 - 10:11 PM.
116	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Also probably less CGI. That stuff is EeeeeeexpensiveDefinitely.
117	iheartseverus	2012-04-29	Definitely.Expensive as it most certainly is, still people, where's Rhaegon?  Where's Visyerion?   Poor little dudes are like the Rickon Stark's of House Targaryen...
118	dtones520	2012-04-29	Why didn't they make that Renly death scene the end of episode 4?  It seems to me that would have fit much better that way than as the beginning of episode 5.  Very strange decision by the producers imo.EDIT:  Just so it's clear I'm not complaining, I actually thought it was a good episode otherwise.Because, the shadow baby is a pretty good WTF moment to end the episode with. It makes people who don't read the book wondering what it is going to do for a week. Leaves for good discussion.Then, you open up the next episode with a dramatic scene and clarity on the shadow baby that people have been talking/wondering about all week. Good choice, IMO.
119	Independent George	2012-04-29	Davos is a religious man in the book, he's an agnostic in the showYeah, this is why I get frustrated a lot with the show sometimes.  They make these tiny little changes that don't typically affect the story in any way, and it seems like it's happening more and more.  Like why does Davos need to be agnostic?Davos was very much an agnostic in the ACOK; he didn't turn to the Faith until ASOS, when he was stranded on Blackwater Bay and had a vision of the Mother.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 29 April 2012 - 10:18 PM.
120	teemo	2012-04-29	Because, the shadow baby is a pretty good WTF moment to end the episode with. It makes people who don't read the book wondering what it is going to do for a week. Leaves for good discussion.Then, you open up the next episode with a dramatic scene and clarity on the shadow baby that people have been talking/wondering about all week. Good choice, IMO.I think it was a good choice too.  All of the non-book people I know couldn't stop talking about the shadowbaby and what it meant.
121	Fredwin	2012-04-29	Did anyone notice the Sea Bitch was huge? Even if it's Asha's ship, I never thought the Ironborn ships were going to be that big. It's pretty awesome, like a full-sized frigate.
122	teemo	2012-04-29	Davos was very much an agnostic in the ACOK; he didn't turn to the Faith until ASOS, when he was stranded on Blackwater Bay and had a vision of the Mother.I guess he's a somewhat of an unenthusiastic follower of the Seven.  But he does feel something for them. In his first POV:"The gods had never meant much to Davos the smuggler, though like most men he had been known to make offerings to the Warrior before battle, to the Smith when he launched ship, and to the Mother whenever his wife grew great with child.  He felt ill as he watched them burn, and not only from the smoke."
123	Independent George	2012-04-29	Because, the shadow baby is a pretty good WTF moment to end the episode with. It makes people who don't read the book wondering what it is going to do for a week. Leaves for good discussion.Then, you open up the next episode with a dramatic scene and clarity on the shadow baby that people have been talking/wondering about all week. Good choice, IMO.They've actually done that a lot this season, and it's worked quite well. The transition between S2E03 and E04 were the only ones so far that weren't directly linked. E01 ended with Arya and Gendry on the wagon, then E02 opened with Arya in camp. E02 closed with Jon Snow getting clocked by Craster, then E03 opens with Craster kicking Mormont and the rangers out of his keep, and closed with Arya getting taken captive by the Lannisters. E04 ends with the shadowbaby, and E05 begins with Renly's death. While I have issues with some of the transitions within episodes, I appreciated that nice little bit of continuity between them.
124	Daniel Stark	2012-04-29	Loved Gendry shirtless.
Loved Margaery.
Renly's death I was never going to be happy about.
LOVED Tywin and Arya's interaction.
I agree with others that Stannis feels more like Stannis now.
125	House Snow	2012-04-29	Ran,
I don't remember the book that well, but maybe it was to explain why the Tyrells jump to the Lannisters instead of to Stannis and a reason to go after Stannis, instead of hunting down Brienne and Catelyn, which if he was really that mad he probably would have done.  I love George but he could be every bit as inconsistent as anyone else.  Also if we see him fighting in Blackwater why give him a scene here.  George could be pretty redundant some times and I think the show is going to take out things that happen twice even if the context is different i.e shadowbaby.
126	Independent George	2012-04-29	I guess he's a somewhat of an unenthusiastic follower of the Seven.  But he does feel something for them. In his first POV:Right - I think of him as something of a lapsed Catholic who participates in the rituals because that's what he was brought up with, but doesn't have any real spiritual connection to the faith. It's not until Blackwater Bay that he truly embraces it, and it's what inspires him to try and assassinate Melisandre.
127	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Did anyone notice the Sea Bitch was huge? Even if it's Asha's ship, I never thought the Ironborn ships were going to be that big. It's pretty awesome, like a full-sized frigate.Yeah, it was supposed to be a longship, like the Danes used (I get terribly upset when people call them Vikings).  That was a much bigger ship, but it was visually stunning, which I think was the idea.
128	darrylzero	2012-04-29	No, that's not from the book. Wildfire never brought anyone anything but trouble. It certainly didn't do anything for the Targaryens.It makes sense that a pyromancer might think differently, though.
					
					
							Edited by darrylzero, 29 April 2012 - 10:30 PM.
129	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-29	Am I the only one who is glad that they're apparently cutting the Reeds?  I never liked them in the books, especially creepy little Jojen.  Giving Bran Jojen's greendreams and sending him north with Osha is a good way to simplify the story for tv without cutting too much important detail.
130	Rockroi	2012-04-29	Very tight, strong episode.Here is what I liked:The Maid of Tarth:  Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s reaction to Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s death and her knightly response to Cat were very big moments to the show.  IN that moment you did not just capture the â<U+0080><U+009C>puppy-loveâ<U+0080><U+009D> that Brienne had for Renly but that epic sense of loss and the underlying hints of failure (as in she failed to protect Rely).  Later when she swears feelty to Cat she does so not out of weakness but out of strength. She was incredible this episode.The Lord of Winterfell: Bran Stark would have made one HELL of a lord.  Great moment in the show when he sent Cassel to Torrenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s square (thoughâ<U+0080>¦ wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t that guy JUST A MOMENT AGO at Oxcross?)  Bran knows what it means to have others fight for you; sometimes you have to go to bat for them. His is the Fury:  From that guttural scream that killed Renly to the cold-hearted plan to kill the Lannisters, Stannis Baratheon is a raging storm of fury.  And he still listens.  In the books, Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> greatest attribute is that he listens to wise counsel.  Him and Davoisâ<U+0080><U+0099> discussion was a point of great writing: Davos brings to Stannis the very concerns many of us had: is THIS Stannis suddenly soft?  And our Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> response?  Fuck no.  This Stannis listens to Davos challenges Davosâ<U+0080><U+0099> assumptions just as Davos challenges his and in the end, he listened.  And in the end- heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming.  Great scene. This Samwell Tarly is Better than the Other Samwell Tarly:  When the show started I said that Robert Baratheon and Viserys were two characters in the show that were marked improvements over the same characters in the books.  That group got its thrird member- Samwell Tarly in the series is  just a better character than the one in the books.  Book Sam is afraid and craven and cowardly and talks incessantly about being afraid and craven and cowardly through ever scene in the books.  At some point he would toughen up.  This Sam has a lot more joy, far more joi de vive than book Sam.  This Sam is a lot more interesting and a lot more realistic.  Alla round better character.(Honorable Mention: Doloous Edd is tremendous). The Queen: For the third episode in a row, Maergery Tyrell is burning up the screen.  As I have stated- In it to win it.  Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not broken up AT ALL about Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s death.  Fuck that guy; a corpse rarely can become King.  And this one does not want to be a Queenâ<U+0080>¦. She wants to be THE Queen. The Hand and His Right Arm: Gotta love Tyrion and Bronn; great scenes; phenomenal dialog and a great understanding of how Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mind works.  Slowly but surely he figures it all out.  The wildfire is what it is.  Its dangerous and horrible and deadly and its all that stands between KL and Stannis.  And so better to have wildfire under his own control than it would be to have it under Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s control.  And maybe it will keep Stannis out.  Now add to all that Bronnâ<U+0080><U+0099>s incredible back-and-forth with Tyrion and you have a great tandum.  And no Shae and that is always a good thing. (Honorable Mention: The Alchemist scene was 10 kinds of win)The Lion and His Cup Bearer:  I saved the best for last.  Tywin Lannisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dissection of Arya Stark and her crisp and determined parrying his attacks was EPIC.  It was good writing, it was tremendous acting; they discussed important issues that had real consequences; and the whole timeâ<U+0080>¦ they KNOW.  Each one is staring at the other with this deep introspection, staring deep into the other (the camera just on-top of each as they stare at the other).  And the whole while, each one knows the other is onto them.  But how much?  Who is playing who?  And they are deeply invested in the other; almost dancing.And then she says that line (from the trailer): Anyone can be killed.  And sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s right.  But who does she mean?  You think she means Tywin.  But Tywinâ<U+0080>¦ Tywin knows who he is thinking about.  And that shit just met a girlâ<U+0080>¦ and he liked her. That scene between Arya and Tywin was the most intimate scene in the show.  And those characters never spoke a word to the other in the books.  Yeah, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a 10. Not So Sure About â<U+0080>¦.:Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Life and Death: I preferred Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Murder in the way the book had it; seemed more closely cropped and tighter.  This version was more raw and obvious.  Not a big deal, but overall, Renly Baratheon as a character was never what he was in the books- not bad, but never really good.  And he ended much in the way he lived: always coming up short. The Nit-Pick with Cersei and Tyrion:  How come every idea that involves death either originates from Cersei or Joff?  IN the books, wildfire was always Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s idea.  Why not keep it that way?  Why make Cersei leap up and start that race?  Tyrion can have bad intentions too, you know?  That doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make him a bad guy â<U+0080>¦So Much for the Budget:  So after we all got into it about Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dragons not making an appearance in the LAST episode to somehow excuse for the pointless dialog from the gates of Qarth, this episode we see dragons everywhere (which I really liked).  But then why not just show them the dragons, then? I miss Jaime.  And Sansa.  And Joff and the Hound.  Not so much a complaint because they only have so much time but I still like what I like. Did Not Like:Nothing.  This was just a solid episode back to front.  Great stuff.  No real complaints. But how did Cassell get from Oxcross to Winterfell in like a week?
131	teemo	2012-04-29	What was that door in Qarth?
132	HokieStone	2012-04-29	Did anyone notice the Sea Bitch was huge? Even if it's Asha's ship, I never thought the Ironborn ships were going to be that big. It's pretty awesome, like a full-sized frigate.Not at all what I pictured a ship from the Iron Isles to look like.  I always pictured something more like a viking longship.
133	Harimad	2012-04-29	LOVED Ayra's exchange with Tywin. "Anyone can be killed." Wow, that was awesome. Get that young lady an Emmy and a Golden Globe ASAP.I got chills and I sure hope Tywin did as well!! do we know who any of the council members are supposed to be? besides the one Lannister that gets kicked back to lannisport? I'm trying to remember when Kevan pops up and if he's been casted yet
134	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-29	I got chills and I sure hope Tywin did as well!! do we know who any of the council members are supposed to be? besides the one Lannister that gets kicked back to lannisport? I'm trying to remember when Kevan pops up and if he's been casted yetKevan was in season one, and he was at the council meeting in this episode IIRC.
135	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-29	thoughts SE1EP05
-Renly's death was okay, cant top the imagination, but I really liked seeing Brienne destroy those 2 guys
-Roy Dotrice, yay!, but no Joffrey's chain I guess?
-Even though there are omissions and changes (like everything else in the show) I'm really enjoying Theon's parts the most so far
-Dragons! so cute...
-now for my biggest complaint, so I was enjoying seeing and hearing Jaqen H'ghar talk, but I got the wind knocked out of me twice during this scene
1. WTF with him killing The Tickler first!? granted I knew we weren't going to have Chiswyck nor Weese, but The Tickler? that was supposed to be Arya's kill.... its like one of the most orgasmic and satisfying scenes in the books having Arya's stabbing The Tickler yelling out, "Is there gold in this village!?..." pretty lame, I hope they remedy this come time when she hooks up with The Hound,
2. did I hear Jaqen H'ghar say "The Red God"?? so are they combining 2 gods into one now? maybe its just a personal nitpick but how can you do that? the gods in these books aren't some paper-doll gods that can be switched around with no accord, one of the reasons why we love these books so much is that GRRM has everything corned down, including the religious and spiritual side of the ASOIAF universe, each God/belief has their own system and philosophy behind it, to switch them around or combine them would negate the motivations and beliefs behind the followers of each respective God/system, thats like saying: 'nihilism and gnosticism are practically the same thing, no biggie...' it's just ridiculous,
136	Harimad	2012-04-29	Kevan was in season one, and he was at the council meeting in this episode IIRC.ah thank you! i guess I wasn't paying as close attention as I thought I was
137	Independent George	2012-04-29	This is the first episode that really makes me wonder if it's even possible to pull the story off in a cohesive fashion. I loved almost every individual scene, but pieced together, they felt like less than the sum of the parts. If/when we get to FFC/DWD, it can be a real mess.Here's what I loved:1. Tywin/Arya. Even though I saw/heard it before from the promos, in context, "Anyone can be killed." was positively chilling.2. The hint of a smile on Arya's face when she looked up at Jaqen. Arya's character arc goes to a very dark place, and this was done perfectly.3. Brienne/Catelyn. That was... perfect. So subtle, so beautiful.4. Rickon sullenly smashing nuts. It was such a small touch, and nicely done.5. Tyrion. It kind of goes without saying, but PD is all kinds of awesome.6. The tension between Irri and Doreah, and the Dothraki in general with "civilized" life in Qarth. It humanized them.What I didn't like:1. Stannis. Not the actor, but the character changes. Where the producers are going out of their way to make Cersei more likeable (a good change, in my opinion), they're taking away Stannis' one redeeming quality: his absolute devotion to law and justice. Stannis is rigid and harsh, but also fair and just; we don't see that on the TV version, and his character is far more shallow as a result. "Good men and true will fight for Joffrey, wrongly believing him to be the true King. The same could even be said of the Northmen and Rob Stark. But these lords who flocked to my brother's banners knew him for a usurper. They turned their backs on their rightful king for no better reason than dreams of power and glory, and I have marked them for what they are." That quote meant so much to the character, and its absence weakens him greatly. Without it, you're left to wonder what Davos sees in him in the first place.2. The aforementioned issues with pacing and editing.
138	House Snow	2012-04-29	Also Loras randomly killing other soldiers probably wouldn't have been taken so well by other people, how would he escape after that.  what happens to margery etc..  Wheras when Brienne did it made more sense
139	Independent George	2012-04-29	2. did I hear Jaqen H'ghar say "The Red God"?? so are they combining 2 gods into one now? maybe its just a personal nitpick but how can you do that? the gods in these books aren't some paper-doll gods that can be switched around with no accord, one of the reasons why we love these books so much is that GRRM has everything corned down, including the religious and spiritual side of the ASOIAF universe, each God/belief has their own system and philosophy behind it, to switch them around or combine them would negate the motivations and beliefs behind the followers of each respective God/system, thats like saying: 'nihilism and gnosticism are practically the same thing, no biggie...' it's just ridiculous,As mentioned several times in the thread, this was almost word-for-word from the books.
140	Maroucia	2012-04-29	I miss Jaime.  And Sansa.  And Joff and the Hound.  Not so much a complaint because they only have so much time but I still like what I like. I miss the Hound so much, it's painful... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
141	Jovet	2012-04-29	This episode didn't leave me reeling quite as much as the last one.  But I liked it.  I'm going to miss Renly and his glib tongue.  Props to Joe Dempsey to make up for it.
I can't believe more haven't mentioned Pyat Pree and how downright creepy he was.  He's one of the most captivating characters the HBO series has seen so far.  I am expecting the Undying episode to be pretty fantastic.
I am not sold on the Arya/Tywin thing.  I thing both actors are great, but I just don't buy it.  I can't imagine he wouldn't yell or raise a hand to her for lying to him like she did about where she came from.  The whole situation and the way they interact strikes me as completely implausible.  I can't to see how they have her escaping Harrenhal.  She also better not wish for Tywin's death, because if it happens that way it will completely change Tyrion's character dynamic for the worse.
142	teemo	2012-04-29	I am not sold on the Arya/Tywin thing.  I thing both actors are great, but I just don't buy it.  I can't imagine he wouldn't yell or raise a hand to her for lying to him like she did about where she came from.  The whole situation and the way they interact strikes me as completely implausible.  I can't to see how they have her escaping Harrenhal.  She also better not wish for Tywin's death, because if it happens that way it will completely change Tyrion's character dynamic for the worse.Yes, he seems very....sympathetic in the show.  Book Tywin seems to be a lot more brutal.  It's hard to be too upset since they're acting is great and they really play the characters flawlessly, but it does seem a little old.  I never thought of your last sentence....that would be too weird.
143	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	Yes, he seems very....sympathetic in the show.  Book Tywin seems to be a lot more brutal.  It's hard to be too upset since they're acting is great and they really play the characters flawlessly, but it does seem a little old.  I never thought of your last sentence....that would be too weird.Book Tywin never really is *that* brutal - we just view him through the eyes of Stark sympathizers.  He has always been this sort of fair man who can be cruel but just does what he thinks is the best thing to do as a ruler.
144	Jovet	2012-04-29	I never thought of your last sentence....that would be too weird.To me it's where Tyrion proves he's really a Lannister.Â Â A more thoughtful and fancy-free Lannister, but a Lannister all the same.Edit:  Alright, this forum software inserting a bunch of HTML tags where they don't belong is a tad annoying....
					
					
							Edited by Jovet, 29 April 2012 - 10:56 PM.
145	Bran the Bummer	2012-04-29	I am not sold on the Arya/Tywin thing.  I thing both actors are great, but I just don't buy it.  I can't imagine he wouldn't yell or raise a hand to her for lying to him like she did about where she came from.  The whole situation and the way they interact strikes me as completely implausible.  I can't to see how they have her escaping Harrenhal.  She also better not wish for Tywin's death, because if it happens that way it will completely change Tyrion's character dynamic for the worse.Tywin has nothing to gain by killing a working pair of legs. He said as much last episode, and Arya wasn't being insubordinate -- only cautious. Tywin's not an idiot, and he was proving a point to his lords. Arya herself was relatively insignificant to him until he turned sour at "anyone can be killed."As to the Tywin's death, I think they're just building tension, making us believe that Arya would want to kill Tywin. I doubt they would actually change such an important dynamic.
146	Jovet	2012-04-29	Book Tywin never really is *that* brutal - we just view him through the eyes of Stark sympathizers.Â Â He has always been this sort of fair man who can be cruel but just does what he thinks is the best thing to do as a ruler.I agree.  And he just can't be so naAve as to take that stare from Arya after she had just gotten done saying "anyone can die" as anything but a threat to his person.
147	turdle	2012-04-29	the first half of the episode was better than the last half. might be my least favorite episode thus far.  i can't tell you how much it bothers me that it's a three eyed raven and not a three eyed crow. why?
148	teemo	2012-04-29	I just never remember Tywin even being remotely friendly....in the show, he's bordered on friendliness a few times.  At the same time, however, we don't really see how Tywin acts all of the time in the book, but just through the eyes of certain characters.
149	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-04-29	I know I shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, but I find myself rooting for Jorah. Maybe it is just the actor.When I was in high school, I fell in love with the girl who played Juliet in a production of Romeo and Juliet...which I was directing.I have always rooted for Jorah.
					
					
							Edited by A Dark And Stormy Knight, 29 April 2012 - 11:00 PM.
150	J_Crews	2012-04-29	But how did Cassell get from Oxcross to Winterfell in like a week?I never saw him at Oxcross, unless I'm crazy.  The last time I remember seeing or hearing anything about Ser Rodrik was before Robb sent Catelyn south to the Stormlands.  He told her he would send him back to Winterfell to look after the boys.
151	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-29	Tywin's brutality is usually carried out by others, like the Mountain.  I think he's just amused by his cupbearer.
The exchange between him and Arya was great but now that she knows that Jaqen is legit it'll be hard to believe that her next pick wouldn't be Tywin considering he is right there and that she understands what his death would mean.
My guess is that Polliver lays a beating on her and she bumps into Jaqen right after and makes the impulsive decision to have him nicked.
152	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Not at all what I pictured a ship from the Iron Isles to look like.  I always pictured something more like a viking longship.Please don't call them Vikings.  LOL!  J/k but that is a nitpick of mine.  Viking describes an activity, not a people.  People called Danes went viking i.e. raiding i.e. pillaging.  It got bastardized as their name somehow (along with the idiotic image of those ridiculous horned "Viking" helmets that never really existed) due to the writings of retarded monks from the period.But, yes... the Iron Islanders ought to be using longships.  I think they just changed that because it made for a more striking visual.
153	Maroucia	2012-04-29	As to the Tywin's death, I think they're just building tension, making us believe that Arya would want to kill Tywin. I doubt they would actually change such an important dynamic.Especially since Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s role is much more important in SOS. If they did that, I would really start to question myself whether or not I should continue watching the showâ<U+0080>¦
154	Mark Antony	2012-04-29	Great Episode
Ghost lurking in the background at the fist>>>
155	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Arya can't kill Tywin.  It would do serious damage to the next two seasons.  They are painting themselves into a serious corner though with Arya and Tywin.
I haven't read the books in a while but the wildfire...wasn't it Cersei's idea in the book to use it but Tyrion is the one who made it work?
156	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Book Tywin never really is *that* brutal - we just view him through the eyes of Stark sympathizers.  He has always been this sort of fair man who can be cruel but just does what he thinks is the best thing to do as a ruler. Exactly.  Tywin is calculating and ruthless, but rarely is he needlessly cruel (with a few exceptions), even in the books.
157	Harimad	2012-04-29	Yes!  My apologies for not mentioning Quaithe.  That mask was very, very freaky.literally sat up and said "WTF" alone when i saw that. I'm thrilled they brought her and Pyatt in. I was expecting his lips to be insanely blue and obvious but I don't care that they weren't, my imagination was just running on hyperdrive while reading. I think her coming up in the middle of the crowd was almost more disconcerting than her riding up in the desert. One of the changes in this ep that I approved of!does anyone think Jorah's outfit looks like a cowboy? Maybe it was the blue scarf bandana and the belt. I was expecting him to pick up a cowboy hat and start spitting tobacco
158	iheartseverus	2012-04-29	(along with the idiotic image of those ridiculous horned "Viking" helmets that never really existed) due to the writings of retarded monks from the period.Not 'retarded' monks, my friend.  Frightened, superstitious men in a frightening, superstitious time--confronted with a terrifying new enemy no one in their world had ever envisioned.  Not retarded.
159	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-29	As mentioned several times in the thread, this was almost word-for-word from the books.you're right, I just looked at that now, The Red God has his due sweet girl and only death my pay for life.... Jaqen repeatedly refers to R'hllor because he, Rorge, and Biter were going to burn alive if Arya didn't help. So she stole their deaths from R'hllor, the firey aspect of the Many Faced God.and that makes sense, I'm starting to remember that now as well... I still hope in the long run they keep them separate
160	rcazzy	2012-04-29	This hasn't been mentioned, and I'm jumping forward a bit, but Brienne makes Catelyn swear that she will not get in the way when she wants to kill Stannis. I can't recall if such a conversation exists in the books, or if they even come to the conclusion that it was Stannis, but could this possibly lead to Brienne's word which saves her from her hanging at Stoneheart's command in the future of the show?
Maybe not as a reason to get out, but to tell Catelyn basically that she never got that opportunity and she was denying it to her.
Just throwing it out there. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
161	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Tywin's brutality is usually carried out by others, like the Mountain.And even with Rhaegar's kids, he was bothered by the brutality.  He talked about how unnecessary it was for Lorch to have the little girl drug from under her bed and stabbed to death when reassuring words and a silk pillow would have served the same purpose.  Ruthless does not necessarily equal cruel.
162	Mark Antony	2012-04-29	the Brienne/Catelyn scene was in the books
					
					
							Edited by WuTangWesteros, 29 April 2012 - 11:20 PM.
163	Harimad	2012-04-29	I've always had a soft spot for poor, screwed-up Jorah.  He's made terrible mistakes for which he hates himself.  He just wanted to go home, and that then led him to strike a deal to inform on Dany... only to, not only fall in love with her, but to ultimately revere her and truly take her for his queen.  The problem is he's betrayed her in the past and doesn't want her to know it.  He's a very flawed, very well-developed, very HUMAN character.TEAM JORAH I've adored him in all the books and in the show. Love the actor, love his storyline. Obsessed. and I agree with everything you said. His motives are all very understandable too--he just wants to go home, he's all torn up over betraying his father, and then DanyAND he's the brightest pot of wildfire in the bunch of nitwits Dany accumulates around her. He's the ONLY part of her storyline I like. and the Dragons.
164	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Not 'retarded' monks, my friend.  Frightened, superstitious men in a frightening, superstitious time--confronted with a terrifying new enemy no one in their world had ever envisioned.  Not retarded. I was being facetious.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
165	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	literally sat up and said "WTF" alone when i saw that. I'm thrilled they brought her and Pyatt in. I was expecting his lips to be insanely blue and obvious but I don't care that they weren't, my imagination was just running on hyperdrive while reading. I think her coming up in the middle of the crowd was almost more disconcerting than her riding up in the desert. One of the changes in this ep that I approved of!does anyone think Jorah's outfit looks like a cowboy? Maybe it was the blue scarf bandana and the belt. I was expecting him to pick up a cowboy hat and start spitting tobaccoI think I did see some stains on Pree's mouth.  I'll have to check that again.I wasn't quite sure what to make of Jorah's outfit either.  But damn, I'm just glad Iain Glen got a lot more screentime.  He's so good and rocks an Obi-Wan Kenobi vibe too.  I only hope we get the scene where he goes into great detail with Dany about his past in a future episode.
166	Craven Mummer	2012-04-29	When theon takes winterfell, will they put a kraken on the castle in the opening credits?
(null)
167	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	And even with Rhaegar's kids, he was bothered by the brutality.  He talked about how unnecessary it was for Lorch to have the little girl drug from under her bed and stabbed to death when reassuring words and a silk pillow would have served the same purpose.  Ruthless does not necessarily equal cruel.He also said to Tyrion that he hoped he didn't think the rape of Elia was his idea either.  Tywin just wanted to get the job done.  But the fact that he will utilize men like The Mountain and Lorch does show you what kind of man he is.  It's kind of like Don Corleone and (Book) Luca Brasi.
168	DragonAge93	2012-04-29	Really enjoyed this episode. The CGI was great. First with the shadowborn, which was awesomelly creepy, the way it shrieked when it killed him. Drogon looked so damn lifelike it was amazing. And the awesome shot of Ghost we got was great to see, at first I thought it was a polar bear. And man, Dany looked beautiful in this episode....
And it was great to see Jon again after his absense last week. And I loved the scene with Tyrion and Lancel in his little sedan chair. The wildfire was magnificent, it seems we will see it used in Blackwater after all the worrying that was being done over it not being shown in previews.
And can't forget Jaqen. So fricking boss at the end....
169	Maroucia	2012-04-29	TEAM JORAHI've adored him in all the books and in the show. Love the actor, love his storyline. Obsessed. and I agree with everything you said. His motives are all very understandable too--he just wants to go home, he's all torn up over betraying his father, and then DanyAND he's the brightest pot of wildfire in the bunch of nitwits Dany accumulates around her. He's the ONLY part of her storyline I like. and the Dragons.Also... Jorah-show is fu****g sexy!!! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
170	J_Crews	2012-04-29	TEAM JORAHI've adored him in all the books and in the show. Love the actor, love his storyline. Obsessed. and I agree with everything you said. His motives are all very understandable too--he just wants to go home, he's all torn up over betraying his father, and then DanyAND he's the brightest pot of wildfire in the bunch of nitwits Dany accumulates around her. He's the ONLY part of her storyline I like. and the Dragons.I always found it very poignant that, even as he decries Ned and his "precious honor," he truly respects men of honor (like his father); and he sort of hates them a little too, if only because he failed to be like them.  Leaving his father's sword behind when he fled says a lot about his character -- he knew he wasn't worthy of keeping it.  I always found it an interesting correlation to Jon Snow doing the same when he was about to desert to join Robb in AGoT, because he "was not so lost to honor" as to take it with him.
171	johnnysd	2012-04-29	Agreed.  I'm very happy with what they're doing.  Could it be better?  Of course.  Could it be much, much worse?  Absolutely.Quite honestly I do not think it could be better. And it is following the story amazingly closely to be honest.Ive read the books 3 times and I am amazed at the indignation over the tiniest of changes, even some that are not really a change. It is hitting EVERY major plot point of the books.
172	J_Crews	2012-04-29	He also said to Tyrion that he hoped he didn't think the rape of Elia was his idea either.  Tywin just wanted to get the job done.  But the fact that he will utilize men like The Mountain and Lorch does show you what kind of man he is.  It's kind of like Don Corleone and (Book) Luca Brasi.Yup, yup.
173	Fragile Bird	2012-04-29	@ Rockroi   Great summary of the episode!What is it with that stupid dress Margaery wears?  Gag me with a spoon, puhlease!Arya and Gendry have chemistry.This Asha is not a commander I would follow, she's too insipid.  Her costume is fine, it's not like she's too grey, lol, there's just no joy in her.  You have to have a spark of fire to make people stand up and say they will follow you.Harry Potter taught me the painful lesson that changes will be made between the transfer from book to screen, but some of the changes are startling.  So far they haven't been horrible, but even though it's very well acted, I hate the whole Arya as female cupbearer to Tywin.  And I wasn't crazy about Brienne killing the members of the Rainbow Guard, it changes Loras' character, and I can't see the honourable Brienne doing that.  She's just like any other knight reacting to act this way, and she was supposed to be someone better.
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 30 April 2012 - 12:08 AM.
174	Harimad	2012-04-29	I think I did see some stains on Pree's mouth.  I'll have to check that again.I wasn't quite sure what to make of Jorah's outfit either.  But damn, I'm just glad Iain Glen got a lot more screentime.  He's so good and rocks an Obi-Wan Kenobi vibe too.  I only hope we get the scene where he goes into great detail with Dany about his past in a future episode.there was some staining but I had just imagined it being really obvious. Nitpicky and not something that really bothered me. He's like Obi-wan/Han solo/Indiana Jones in that outfit hahaYeah i always found the part about his first wife looking just like Daenerys to be very interesting and the little hints you get give you a better idea of why he does what he does.
175	Darth Pipes	2012-04-29	Asha Greyjoy worked in the book but Yara Greyjoy doesn't.  She just comes across as bitchy.  I think that's because Theon is more sympathetic in the show and unlikeable in ACOK's.  Here it just looks like Yara is being an asshole to her brother with her constant mocking of him.
I did find Jeor's lines about Jon to be funny but he could have given him a slightly warmer good-bye.
176	J_Crews	2012-04-29	Quite honestly I do not think it could be better. And it is following the story amazingly closely to be honest.Ive read the books 3 times and I am amazed at the indignation over the tiniest of changes, even some that are not really a change. It is hitting EVERY major plot point of the books.Agreed.  I think most of the nitpicking is because people love the book so much that they want all the minor plot points as well; and for nothing to be changed. I can sympathize with that POV, even while knowing it is totally unrealistic.  In the end, I'm loving it.
177	aimlessgun	2012-04-29	For some reason the first comment that comes to mind is that I didn't like Quaithe's mask. 
Don't get me wrong, it was a cool mask...but I always imagined hers as a smooth hard shell, and that you could not see any part of her face move, just a disembodied voice from an unreadable figure. So this interpretation was a little odd.
178	House Snow	2012-04-29	I don't know I sort of feel like the Asha everybody describes around here wouldn't really fit the iron islands.  Everyone elses descriAsha Greyjoy worked in the book but Yara Greyjoy doesn't.  She just comes across as bitchy.  I think that's because Theon is more sympathetic in the show and unlikeable in ACOK's.  Here it just looks like Yara is being an asshole to her brother with her constant mocking of him.I did find Jeor's lines about Jon to be funny but he could have given him a slightly warmer good-bye.I don't know when I read everyone elses description of Asha it doesn't really fit the Iron islands wheras this asha like her or bot is believable as being from the iron islands.  The way everyone else describes her she sounds like someone from the pirates of the Carribean.
179	Qwop22	2012-04-29	Unless I completely missed it while reading A Clash of Kings, wasnt the whole Xaros vault/Xaros necklace key idea completely made up? While watching this episode a second time on HBO GO there was a special feature clip on the set creation of Xaros vault and they specifically said multiple times that the vault, and what lies inside it, are critical plot elements. Wtf? Does Dany break in and steal something to escape Qarth?
Something else I noticed too: wasn't Jorah always against getting ships and sailing directly to Westeros? If I remember correctly, he always wanted to head further east to Assai, or go the Slavers Bay and purchase unsullied.
180	kevinbgwrites	2012-04-29	People calm down about Tywin dying/it being unrealistic if he doesn't die.
Charles Dance has explicitly stated there is a scene(his favorite) where the girl that keeps trying to kill him(Arya) gets a slight insight to his humanity. This clearly means she briefly views him as human, uses her kill elsewhere(true to character as she's an impulsive child) and then regrets it.
I actually like it better this way, because personally I think this will make it even more believable she didn't kill him than in the books, if done well, which I'm sure isn't in question considering its Dance.
181	The Lord Commander's Raven	2012-04-29	I liked seeing Roy Dotrice in a cameo role as the master pyromancer.  That was nice.
182	HowardTheGryffin	2012-04-29	Didn't Arya kill the Tickler herself? I guess they had to get him out of the way, but I forgot who her first ordered hit was against.
183	Brynden Bloodraven	2012-04-29	People calm down about Tywin dying/it being unrealistic if he doesn't die.Charles Dance has explicitly stated there is a scene(his favorite) where the girl that keeps trying to kill him(Arya) gets a slight insight to his humanity. This clearly means she briefly views him as human, uses her kill elsewhere(true to character as she's an impulsive child) and then regrets it.I actually like it better this way, because personally I think this will make it even more believable she didn't kill him than in the books, if done well, which I'm sure isn't in question considering its Dance.What are you talking about!?
184	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-29	I wonder how if they are going to do the Gold in the village scene in ASOS.
185	johnnysd	2012-04-29	I wonder how if they are going to do the Gold in the village scene in ASOS.Probably with Polliver to get back Needle
186	Brynden Bloodraven	2012-04-30	Over all I was disappointed with the episode. I felt that the Renly's death sequence was clunky... Westeros' analysis hit the nail on the head--it seemed rushed. I liked the two-dimensionality of the shadow in the books, it almost made me think of Peter Pan's shadow gone horribly wrong. 
I am also very disappointed with Qarth--we got a glimpse of the grandeur of the city as the doors open at the end of 204, but I expected so much more than a garden party. The warlock did look great, however.
Overall, my main complaint with the season is the lack of intrigue and originality. Many of the new characters seem to be occupying archetypes (for example, Margery = scheming, ambitious, sex as a weapon/tool female). Petyr is running around doing Tyrion's bidding and baring his soul to Cat? Robb's getting lectured by a battlefield nurse? One thing GRRM's characters never do is fit nicely into some fantasy (or other) troupe. He likes to turn such conventions on their ears. I thought the first season did a good job of this, but it seems that the character's complexities are suffering due to the complexity of the story and each is becoming a means to an end.
187	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-30	Didn't Arya kill the Tickler herself? I guess they had to get him out of the way, but I forgot who her first ordered hit was against.It was Chyswick, who she overheard telling a repulsive story about Gregor. Chyswick has clearly been cut from the show, as has Weese.The Tickler going early makes sense, even if it does suck. That actor, or any actor for a part as small as the Tickler, would most likely not be available for work two seasons down the line, so they took him out early. Regrettable, but I understnad why it was likely done.I'm curious who she'll kill next. My money would be on either Polliver or Amory Lorch.
188	Wyman's Man	2012-04-30	I'm sort of worried that they haven't mentioned Lord Beric Dondarrion more often. I know in the last episode the Tickler mentioned "the Brotherhood" but I thought a Tywin council scene could have mentioned the threat Dondarrion poses to the Lannisters. Viewers need to know that Ser Gregor killed Dondarrion but that he still seems to be causing the Lannister army problems.
189	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	The Tickler going early makes sense, even if it does suck. That actor, or any actor for a part as small as the Tickler, would most likely not be available for work two seasons down the line, so they took him out early. Regrettable, but I understnad why it was likely done.I'm curious who she'll kill next. My money would be on either Polliver or Amory Lorch.I vote for Lorch, because he killed Yoren.However, they still have the problem of needing to retain a super-minor actor for a very long time if they leave Polliver.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m betting she somehow gets Needle back sooner than two years from now.
190	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-30	qhorin halfhand and dagmer cleftjaw.. disappointed in the casting
191	bloodymime	2012-04-30	Bummer. No Tower of Joy from Ned and now that pretty much looks like the death sentence for the Knight of the Laughing Tree as well.
192	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-30	Dagmer sure doesn't have a cleft jaw, does Qhorin have half a hand?
193	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	Jaqen H'ghar was exactly how I pictured him in the books.Absolutely gorgeous! Those dreamy eyes and aura of cool. /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
194	Lord Godric	2012-04-30	I agree.  And he just can't be so naAve as to take that stare from Arya after she had just gotten done saying "anyone can die" as anything but a threat to his person.I agree, but Tywin isn't cruel. He knows his cupbearer is a northerner who speaks highly of Robb so it would be no surprise that she would want to see Tywin dead. But he wouldn't kill someone over that.
195	VivaVictarion2	2012-04-30	Im still deciding about this episode, but is it just me or did that slave chick Doreah get like a billion times hotter?
196	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	Does Jaquen reference the Red God in the books?Faceless Men are supposed to revere the "Many Faced God"The "Many Faced God" includes all of the gods, which is why it has many faces... And yes, he did reference Red God in the book. The Red God represents fire.
197	Longspear Ryk	2012-04-30	The death scene was sooo awkard.. And completely unemotional or climatic...
Qualithe was stupid...
Pyat pree was done well, samr with qhorin..
Dagmer is a nice addition...
The scene with tywin and arya was amazing... Im kinda annoyed about the tickler but thats one of my favorite scenes in the book
Also it look like we can kiss reek/ramsey goodbye since ser rodrick cassel will be dying with the ironborn
198	Aegnor	2012-04-30	The Nit-Pick with Cersei and Tyrion: How come every idea that involves death either originates from Cersei or Joff? IN the books, wildfire was always Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s idea. Why not keep it that way? Why make Cersei leap up and start that race? Tyrion can have bad intentions too, you know? That doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make him a bad guyIn the books the wildfire was Cercei's idea. It was just poorly thought out, poorly planned, and likely would have resulted in Kings Landing being burned down. Tyrion organized it and started people training with empty pots.But how did Cassell get from Oxcross to Winterfell in like a week?It was mentioned in episode 2, when Robb was sending Catelyn off to treat with Renly, that he was sending Cassell to Winterfell. That was two full episodes of traveling, which I think is reasonable.
199	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-30	Dagmer sure doesn't have a cleft jaw, does Qhorin have half a hand?About as much of a chance as a noseless Tyrion and Davos with a left hand mutilation /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
200	Longspear Ryk	2012-04-30	Also i thoufh i made a thread about this but i guess it was deleted...
The whole shadowbaby thing was stupid... It shoulda ended last week with renlys death.. The way it started with it was stupid and kinda just seemed outta place at the beginning an awkward.. 
Also what was the point of focusin on renlys shadow on the tent wall if they were gona make as corny as possible...
Also brienne? Kilin the guards instead of loras? And then he dont blame her?
 Wtf did they do to that scene....
201	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-30	Also it look like we can kiss reek/ramsey goodbye since ser rodrick cassel will be dying with the ironbornRamsey's gone for this season I assume, maybe a we'll see him in season 3? I'm hoping in the last episode we'll have some sort of unexpected revelation involving Ramsey, not sure how they'll advance the Winterfell arc without him, just hoping they wont f it up too bad,
					
					
							Edited by TheTrueMithrandir, 30 April 2012 - 12:59 AM.
202	salt	2012-04-30	Good episode, but Renly accepting a King in the North /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />.  They're really going out of there way to make Stannis look bad and erase everything resembling a negative trait from Renly.
203	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-30	Renly did accept the King in the North, as long as Robb pledges fealty to him as High King, that was from the books.
Looks like no Reeds. I suspected as much but finally got confirmation.
204	Shienberg	2012-04-30	Loved the epi but I am VERY disappointed about the Tickler. They didn't really play up the "is there gold in the village" line in the previous episode so it was not likely that a TV audience would remember it two seasons from now (if they break up Storm then season 3 will probably end with the Red Wedding). But Arya killing the Tickler and shouting about gold in the village was one of my fave moments from the books. Totally bummed. The Tickler is also supposed to be part of her prayer and of course that's out the window now. I'm starting to get worried a bit about Arya's story line. If the Northmen don't take Harranhall then how the hell do we get weasel soup... especially since the name weasal would make no sense at this point???
I agreee with those who said Stannis really started to feel like Stannis in this episode.
For some reason Rickon bashing those nuts really cracked me up.... no pun intended.
I'm wondering if Jon's story might dip into book 3 since it seems like he might have to do away with Quorin sooner rather than later.
Pyat Pree was good. Looking forward to the house of the Undying.
Overall it's a great adaptation, I just hope they don't continue to mess with Arya's story too much.
205	salt	2012-04-30	Renly did accept the King in the North, as long as Robb pledges fealty to him as High King, that was from the books.His conversation with Cat made them sound like equals fighting together.  He did say Robb would need to pledge loyalty to him, but that clashed with the rest of his sentiments.  I felt like show tried to make it seem that had Renly not been killed at that moment he and Robb would have teamed up and saved the day.  In the books I never got the impression that they were that close to making a deal that Robb would ever support.
206	bloodymime	2012-04-30	I loved the episode.  I think people are going to need to suck it up and accept that there are going to be changes.  It was a fantastic episode from start to finish.  Also, who knows maybe those two orphans will end up being J and M (yes I know they gave Bran his dream).  But you know giving Bran the dreams made for good TV.  Better than if Jojen had them to be honest.  Its too bad Bran doesn't have a lot of screen time, b/c the kid who is playing him is near Masie's level.Better for them to be cut them alltogether then butchering the characters down from Howland Reed's children to orphans. After giving Bran the greendreams and Theon coming  fast I've made my peace not expecting the Reeds anymore. They've got a pretty big actress playing Osha and there's no way they're going to have her go off and disappear for who knows how many more books with Rickon unless she has to stop doing the show.
207	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-30	Stannis/davos was great
brienne/cat great
Arya/Jaqen great
Tywin was awesome as usual
Ironmen.... Soon. Can't wait to see some reaving
did not care about killing the tickler.. they did not play him up enough for him to be memorable.
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 30 April 2012 - 01:19 AM.
208	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-30	Loved the epi but I am VERY disappointed about the Tickler. They didn't really play up the "is there gold in the village" line in the previous episode so it was not likely that a TV audience would remember it two seasons from now (if they break up Storm then season 3 will probably end with the Red Wedding). But Arya killing the Tickler and shouting about gold in the village was one of my fave moments from the books. Totally bummed. The Tickler is also supposed to be part of her prayer and of course that's out the window now. I'm starting to get worried a bit about Arya's story line. If the Northmen don't take Harranhall then how the hell do we get weasel soup... especially since the name weasal would make no sense at this point???I agreee with those who said Stannis really started to feel like Stannis in this episode.For some reason Rickon bashing those nuts really cracked me up.... no pun intended.I'm wondering if Jon's story might dip into book 3 since it seems like he might have to do away with Quorin sooner rather than later.Pyat Pree was good. Looking forward to the house of the Undying.Overall it's a great adaptation, I just hope they don't continue to mess with Arya's story too much.I don't know how much of Jon book 3 we will get since Mance hasn't been casted afaik, but we do see Ygritte with Jon's sword but that might just be after he turns turncloak.
209	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-30	His conversation with Cat made them sound like equals fighting together.  He did say Robb would need to pledge loyalty to him, but that clashed with the rest of his sentiments.  I felt like show tried to make it seem that had Renly not been killed at that moment he and Robb would have teamed up and saved the day.  In the books I never got the impression that they were that close to making a deal that Robb would ever support.Well it depends,, if renly would have lived Robb might have gone with it since he loses so much of his forces in the next book
210	SFA-OK	2012-04-30	Loved the epi but I am VERY disappointed about the Tickler. They didn't really play up the "is there gold in the village" line in the previous episode so it was not likely that a TV audience would remember it two seasons from now (if they break up Storm then season 3 will probably end with the Red Wedding). But Arya killing the Tickler and shouting about gold in the village was one of my fave moments from the books. Totally bummed. The Tickler is also supposed to be part of her prayer and of course that's out the window now. I'm starting to get worried a bit about Arya's story line. If the Northmen don't take Harranhall then how the hell do we get weasel soup... especially since the name weasal would make no sense at this point???This is a great example of why I have a problem with the writing on the show vs. the book. It seems the writers on the show struggle with effectively stressing and pointing out strong parts of storylines and even characters. A lot of things seemed to be brushed aside and don't really stand out.
211	The Crannogman	2012-04-30	Asha- I couldn't agree more. I love love love her in the books, she is one of my favorites. "Yara" is a completely different character. She looks nothing like how Asha is described and just comes off as a spoiled brat. Granted, Asha does have some bratty moments in the book... But I feel like they are really portraying her wrong and it bothers me.
Of course I'm sad about no Jojen and Meera, but I think I can live with it... I really like Osha in the show.
(null)
212	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-30	I am just glad that after a really dark and depressing episode last week this episode had such a light and humorous tone, with NO sex scenes of any kind.  I'm glad the D&D recognized that you can't just have a relentless depressing show and expect the audience to stick with it.  I think it was very important after last week's episode that we have a non heavy episode to keep the casual viewers interested, and it's good that the show producers recognized that.
213	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-30	I recall Asha being a complete jerk to her brother in every scene they shared in the books, the show has stayed true to that.
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 30 April 2012 - 01:42 AM.
214	Solmyr	2012-04-30	I know it's probably mentioned twenty times already but...Why cut Jojen and Meera?! How would they progress Bran's story later on? Will he go north with just Hodor? Madness!ETA: 3-eyed-raven?! I guess it could've been worse ... could've been 3-eyed-Hodor...
					
					
							Edited by Solmyr, 30 April 2012 - 01:45 AM.
215	Ghost714	2012-04-30	My thoughts about this episode.
First off, I am surprised they managed to do an episode without any nude scenes. 
I didn't like how it was Brienne's idea to escape through the back of the tent, opposed to the front, in the book that was Catelyn's idea. Brienne had just got done saying she would not leave Renly's body, and then next second her mind is composed enough to know to go through the back, where they were less likely to run into anyone. I just don't think that made any sense, we are suppose to believe Brienne's whole world just came crashing down right in front of her eyes, and she just killed two people, which is something she has never done. So it is not very believable that she would come up with that idea, especially when she didn't think of leaving. That's why I think the book makes much more sense, having Catelyn be the level headed one. 
The next thing I did not like, and that was them making Jon sound like a total brat, he is not Joffrey, or Edmure Tully. Jon would never brag by saying, "I fought and killed a Wight, how many Rangers can say that". Especially not to Lord Commander Mormont. I really hate what they are doing to Jon's character this season. In the books, Qhorin wanted Jon to go, because Jon had just had a "wolf dream" about the Wildlings, and he saw what they were doing. Qhorin also knew Jon was a Warg, and that's why he wanted Jon with him, because the "old powers were awakening", and Qhorin knew it might be nice to have a Warg with him that is a son of Winterfell. All of that is some great stuff, why would the show want to change it?
 I mean I am not totally against change, but that's only if it's for the good. For example, in the show, when Ned was about to lose his head, he walked past Yoren and said "Baelor", letting Yoren know that Arya was there, at the statue of Baelor, and Yoren then knew to take care of Arya. That was never in the books, but even GRRM said that was a great change, because it was almost like one last gift Ned could give to Arya, and GRRM said "why didn't I think of that". So changes like that are great, I have no problem with good changes like that. The change with Jon in the scene where he says he wants to go with Qhorin, that change was the opposite of the change with Ned saying "Baelor" to Yoren. Why are they making so many nonsensical changes like that? I really don't understand it, they are changing things that are golden in the books, to make them shit in the show, this season. Why change the names of the guys that go with Qhorin? They kept Stonesnake, but why change Squire Dalbridge and Ebben? I could have heard the show wrong, one of the names might have been Ebben, but I know I did not hear the name "Squire Dalbridge", when Qhorin named the men that would be going to kill Mance Rayder. I loved Squire Dalbridge, and the history with his name(because he was once Squire to a King). Qhorin still had four people go with him in the show, including Jon, so why change the names, if they are going to have the same amount of people go with Qhorin as in the book? It's like they are changing things just to be different, and that's what I do not agree with.
Another dumb change, why make Theon not know who Dagmer Cleftjaw is? This is the guy who first put a bow in Theon's hands, he basically tought Theon how to walk, he was more of a father to Theon than Balon ever was. That history is way more interesting, than not having a history with Theon at all. Oh, and Dagmer's jaw was not cleft???
Why did they have Loras thinking it was Stannis that killed Renly, instead of thinking it was Brienne? I mean I know it was Stannis, but I swear they are trying to make Stannis out to be way worse in the show, than he was in the books. The great thing about the books is, you start out not liking a character, but as the books go on, you find yourself starting to like them. Thats how it was for me and many others when it came to Stannis. I am afraid though that they are making Stannis to unlikeable.
That's it for now.
Edit. 
I am still not sold on Yara. At all. Everytime she "smiles"(if you can call it that), I want to cut my eyes out.
I will say though, I am very pleased with Dany's Qartheen wardrobe, it looked appropriate, and it made Daenerys look stunningly beautiful. I swear that is the most beautiful Emilia Clarke has ever looked, and that's saying something because I love Emilia Clarke, and I think she looks beautiful in everything. I never thought I would get over not getting to see one of Dany's boobs when she should be wearing a Tokar in the show, but in this wardrobe it is almost ok, because she just looked that good this episode, IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 30 April 2012 - 02:09 AM.
216	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-30	Well he has Osha... they could have her have the Reeds powers
217	Dru	2012-04-30	My thoughts on the orphans is that they are going to get killed as "Bran and Rickton". Just wanted to give the audience an idea of who they were after we find out that they really aren't dead.
Edit: Haven't had time to read whole thread so don't know if that was brought up yet.
					
					
							Edited by Dru, 30 April 2012 - 01:53 AM.
218	NymeriaLives	2012-04-30	My thoughts on the orphans is that they are going to get killed as "Bran and Rickton". Just wanted to give the audience an idea of who they were after we find out that they really aren't dead.Agree, I think it's clear the orphans given to the farmer are going to become the miller's boys.Someone over at AV Club kept mentioning that D & D have said they aren't cutting out many characters, only shuffling around a lot of things, so it's possible Meera or Meera and Jojen will emerge in time to tell the stories and walk North with them.I think it would be silly for Osha to have fled so fearfully from the North and then to decide to take Bran up past the Wall when he needs it. She's definitely need on Skaagos.
					
					
							Edited by NymeriaLives, 30 April 2012 - 02:01 AM.
219	drigoly	2012-04-30	Good episode, but Renly accepting a King in the North /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />.  They're really going out of there way to make Stannis look bad and erase everything resembling a negative trait from Renly.it's from the books, Renly would have accepted a king in the north under him as king of all of westeros
220	Dru	2012-04-30	I still have this feeling Osha is going north with Bran. She is too withholding of any information and skips over the subject too easily. Bran will get his info from her and she will bite the bullet and return north as his guide. Lewin will end up with Ric in Skaagos. Just what I think the writers are hinting at. I'm ok with it.
221	CloudFlare	2012-04-30	This hasn't been mentioned, and I'm jumping forward a bit, but Brienne makes Catelyn swear that she will not get in the way when she wants to kill Stannis. I can't recall if such a conversation exists in the books, or if they even come to the conclusion that it was Stannis, but could this possibly lead to Brienne's word which saves her from her hanging at Stoneheart's command in the future of the show?Maybe not as a reason to get out, but to tell Catelyn basically that she never got that opportunity and she was denying it to her.Just throwing it out there. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm pretty sure that clause exists in the books.Good episode.I loved how Doreah interacted with Drogon. I've alway imagined that Dany's original khalasar interacted with the dragons when they were small, almost as pets. It would have been something to bind them all together during the dangerous times. I liked the jealousy between Doreah and Irri.
					
					
							Edited by CloudFlare, 30 April 2012 - 02:11 AM.
222	lostinwesteros	2012-04-30	Yeah, I think that ship has sailed, sadly.  I had high hopes we'd see the Reeds next season, but now I'm doubting it.  Jojen, at least, is now totally superfluous, since they've given his greendreams to Bran.  Maybe we'll still get Meera, but probably not.  Her only real purpose now would be to tell the story of the Knight of the Laughing Tree, which they can have Luwin do at some point over the next few weeks.
	Spoiler   I'm now drifting toward the idea Luwin survives and takes Rickon, so Osha can go north with Bran and Hodor.  
I really like your idea bracketed in 
	Spoiler  That makes perfect sense to me - otherwise, who would take Rickon? I've heard that the TV directors like the actress playing Osha so much (she's also one of my favorites) that they'd decided to work her into more of the show, so I guess that's why the Reeds got squeezed out and she will be the one to go beyond the wall with Bran.  I also like the idea of Maester Luwin surviving, just in itself, but also because by the end of Dance, I can't think of any "decent" living maesters.  Here's hoping Sam will be well on his way to getting all the links in his chain by the next book.   
I loved Arya:   ** Tywin ("Yo, listen up, bud - anybody can be killed")	 ** Gendry (Giving him pointers on fighting, but she absolutely did not miss that he was shirtless.  ** Jaqen -- I LOVE his character, really fascinating and well played.  However, Like someone else mentioned, I didn't think he/FM were followers of the Red God.  My thinking is that the Directors just didn't catch that?Loved Quorin Halfhand!  Already raved about Brienne/Catelyn in earlier post.  And the place where Brienne/Catelyn had stopped is exactly, absolutely exactly, what I'd always pictured the Riverlands to look like.  I loved seeing Drogon, but weren't they calling him something different?  And, I want to see the other two dragons, too, although I do understand it's very, very challenging to create each one.Still have trouble with the Greyjoys, et. al.  Just don't like any of them 
	Spoiler  until poor  Reek emerges.  
I am always amazed when each show ends, that it seemed so short.  Tonight, it was even more so.  Wish they could make some of these episodes 2 hours.
					
					
							Edited by House of White and White, 30 April 2012 - 02:14 AM.
223	Ghost714	2012-04-30	Well he has Osha... they could have her have the Reeds powersThey are giving Bran the Greendreams, he had the dream of the sea washing over Winterfell etc..
224	Ghost714	2012-04-30	I'm pretty sure that clause exists in the books.Good episode.I loved how Doreah interacted with Drogon. I've alway imagined that Dany's original khalasar interacted with the dragons when they were small, almost as pets. It would have been something to bind them all together during the dangerous times. I liked the jealousy between Doreah and Irri.In tho books, Dany's talks about how her Khalasar are very prideful about the dragons, and I got the same feeling that they were kind of like little pets to everyone in the Khalasar(at first, not later).
225	CloudFlare	2012-04-30	Luis,No, that's not from the book. Wildfire never brought anyone anything but trouble. It certainly didn't do anything for the Targaryens.Maybe wildfire will be retconned as what gave the Targs the ability to force Westeros to obey after the dragons all died?
226	James Arryn	2012-04-30	Good episode, but Renly accepting a King in the North /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />.  They're really going out of there way to make Stannis look bad and erase everything resembling a negative trait from Renly.What?They took him from a strong, brave, charismatic, handsome, witty, gracious, intelligent and completely independent young Robert who loves to joust and hunt to a weak, ferret-like indecisive, insecure, smarmy and childish young sales rep who is being lead around by almost everyone and just happens to suddenly be super-gay, only in an insecure, smarmy way.But finally he's gone, so no more need to bitch about the constant need to marginalize gay men as military figures. I mean, this is where Loras goes ape and kills several great knights, right??Oh, no...that was changed. Brienne does that now.Loras gets to threaten an unarmed accountant before being talked into running away.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 30 April 2012 - 02:30 AM.
227	CloudFlare	2012-04-30	In tho books, Dany's talks about how her Khalasar are very prideful about the dragons, and I got the same feeling that they were kind of like little pets to everyone in the Khalasar(at first, not later).Yep, that's right, they considered the dragons 'theirs'.I wonder if we see more of the dragons' personalities when they are young in the show? In the books they're portrayed as cat like, but we don't get much on how intelligent they are, or how aggressive or friendly they are to humans. Later, well, we all know what happens.Can't wait for the House of the Undying next week!
228	lacuna	2012-04-30	Only read to page 6 of the thread...I think the scene in the House of the Undying will be that Dany goes in, they cut to a different scene, (preferably Jon, blue rose and all that). Cut back to Quarth, Dany comes stumbling out, Pyat Pree goes mental, Jorah cuts him down. Later she recounts what she saw. The scene is too trippy for viewers to make sense of anyway, it would be like a David Lynch movie.ETA:Yeah, it was supposed to be a longship, like the Danes used (I get terribly upset when people call them Vikings).  That was a much bigger ship, but it was visually stunning, which I think was the idea.Oi! Norwegians and Swedes went raiding too, you know...
					
					
							Edited by lacuna, 30 April 2012 - 02:30 AM.
229	rmholt	2012-04-30	Why on earth did they take the wildfyre idea fron Tyrion to give it to Cersei? It was one of Tyrion's best ideas as Hand?IIRC that was Cersei's idea originally - anyway Tywin gave her credit.
230	sennahoj	2012-04-30	I loved seeing Drogon, but weren't they calling him something different?  And, I want to see the other two dragons, too, although I do understand it's very, very challenging to create each one.I think they said "drakharis", which is supposed to be High Valyrian. It's the command Dany trains them to make them breathe fire, as I recall.When Drogon's cage is put away, we also get a glimpse of one of the other dragons, but I am not sure which one.
231	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-30	In the books Renly was OK with Robb calling himself "King in the North," as long as he still bent the knee and pledged his fealty to the Iron Throne once Renly won. This didn't really make sense to me (I've never heard of a historical situation where a King ruled over another King - Renly would have to be Emperor or something) but I guess they kept it the same in the show
232	dansnow	2012-04-30	Lots of changes this episode only one I didn't like was mormonts comment to Jon, didn't see the point. I'm glad bran had jojen's dream, I'd rather jojen have it but since he's not here I'm glad it was still include. Superb episode.
233	Shienberg	2012-04-30	Regarding Meera and Jojen Reed...
I think they have to be there. It's possible (although unlikely) that they could leave Bran and Rickon's fate hanging at the end of the season for the TV audience. One thing I know for sure as that they need to have Cat think the boys are dead when she sends Jaime off with Brienne. But I could totally see them letting the viewers think that the boys were dead until next year. But, what is more likely is that they will emerge from the crypt at Winterfell in the very last scene of the season. The thing is though... Leuwin has to die! Keeping him alive would be too big of a change in my opinion. And if I remember correctly it's Leuwins idea to split the boys up...
Im thinking that they (Bran, Rickon, Hodor and Osha) will all leave Winterfell together. Later, as they travel (early next season) they will meet the Reeds along the way and then take Leuwin's advice to split up. It would be really cool if we could see the mute kid in the tree who later tells Manderly about the boys and their wolves.
The actress who plays Osha is good, but not good enough to drastically change the story for her. I hope D&D agree.
234	salt	2012-04-30	What?They took him from a strong, brave, charismatic, handsome, witty, gracious, intelligent and completely independent young Robert who loves to joust and hunt to a weak, ferret-like indecisive, insecure, smarmy and childish young sales rep who is being lead around by almost everyone and just happens to suddenly be super-gay, only in an insecure, smarmy way.But finally he's gone, so no more need to bitch about the constant need to marginalize gay men as military figures. I mean, this is where Loras goes ape and kills several great knights, right??Oh, no...that was changed. Brienne does that now.Loras gets to threaten an unarmed accountant before being talked into running away.They may have added some negative traits, but they took away all the ones that existed in the book.  The carelessness, the apathy, choking off the food supply to King's Landing, his glee for killing Stannis and Joffrey even when he thought he was his nephew, the plan for a rash and unnecessary attack at dawn marching his men directly into the rising sun...they made have made him more of a pansy, but they sure as hell made him less of a dick.I agree that the Loras reaction sucked, the whole assassination scene could have been so much better and the lack of rage on Loras's part was disappointing. That and the shaving scene from the first season made it appear that Loras mainly saw Renly as a means to power and put the idea of kingship in his head.  In the books it was Renly calling the shots, and Loras genuinely worshiped the ground he walked on.And speaking of gay men, I don't love the fact that Xaro is now straight- and wants to be king of Westeros??  If I recall correctly he just wanted a dragon, but it looks like they will probably leave out the details of how a Qartheen marriage works.  I've never been one to want the show to directly reflect the books, I just hope there is a point to the new Xaro.  For a character that looks like they will play a much larger role in the show than they did in the books, I wish they had found a better actor.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 30 April 2012 - 02:45 AM.
235	Arkash	2012-04-30	Mine guts ! That was one of an episode ! Gonna read what's been said before joining the conversations, here !
236	salt	2012-04-30	I am always amazed when each show ends, that it seemed so short.  Tonight, it was even more so.  Wish they could make some of these episodes 2 hours.They seem short because they generally are.  This one was about 55 minutes, many of them have been closer to 52.  Take out 4 or so minutes for episode recap and the intro and that's disappointingly short.  With such a massive book to fit into 10 episodes one would hope they would all be 60 minutes long.
237	Honey Badger	2012-04-30	Liked the episode.  Looks like they kept most of it intact to the books save for a few.  Bran and Osha taking care of the green dreams should be nice, as I never liked the frog people.  One thing I continue to dislike is how open everyone is.  They beat too many details over the audience's heads and use exposition instead of letting viewers figure things out themselves.
I understand why they let Maisie Williams say hear infamous line, "Anyone can be killed."  But I don't get the part where she says it to Tywin's face.  You just don't do that to a high lord who has laser beam eyes and can have your tongue cut out.  I think they understood each other that they aren't on the same side.  Foolish for her to open her mouth and have an opinion.
238	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-30	I think they said "drakharis", which is supposed to be High Valyrian. It's the command Dany trains them to make them breathe fire, as I recall.When Drogon's cage is put away, we also get a glimpse of one of the other dragons, but I am not sure which one."dracarys". it means "dragon fire" in high valyrian
239	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-30	did anyone else notice the exclusion of the scene where Jon Snow and Ghost find the cache of dragonglass knives, arrowheads and also the HORN OF WINTER? if the horn becomes a key item in the future novels, how will the HBO writers recover from leaving out this scene?
240	Tyrionthebest	2012-04-30	did anyone else notice the exclusion of the scene where Jon Snow and Ghost find the cache of dragonglass knives, arrowheads and also the HORN OF WINTER? if the horn becomes a key item in the future novels, how will the HBO writers recover from leaving out this scene?They can have Sam find it, what's the big deal ?
241	CloudFlare	2012-04-30	Hmm, the more I think about it, the worse the sigil scene between Arya and Tywin seems. A non-noble girl lying to a high lord about where she was from would certainly raise Tywin's suspicions, yet he lets it go. I know what the show was trying to convey, but it doesn't make any sense.
Edit: Given the differences in elocution between the high and low born that we see in the later books, it makes even less sense that Tywin wouldn't be suspicious.
					
					
							Edited by CloudFlare, 30 April 2012 - 03:12 AM.
242	salt	2012-04-30	Hmm, the more I think about it, the worse the sigil scene between Arya and Tywin seems. A non-noble girl lying to a high lord about where she was from would certainly raise Tywin's suspicions, yet he lets it go. I know what the show was trying to convey, but it doesn't make any sense.Not only does he let her go after the lie, he lets her serve him water after she looks him dead in the eyes with an unwavering stare and tells him "anyone can be killed".ASOIAF is indeed where anyone can be killed, especially people who do stupid shit like that.  ACOK was about Arya learning how to survive in a warzone, and I don't think a "You tell him gurl!" moment like this fits the atmosphere that Game of Thrones should have.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 30 April 2012 - 03:15 AM.
243	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-30	They can have Sam find it, what's the big deal ?i guess they could, but i would rather see Ghost do it instead. more direwolf screen time
244	strifed169	2012-04-30	Only thing I didn't like about the episode was Arya's subliminal threats to Tywin and him allowing her to flat out mean mug him when she went to fetch the water, totally out of character. We all know Arya is bold, but she should be smarter than to talk to a high lord like that, and Tywin would not have taken shit from anybody lesser than a high lord let alone a random peasant..
245	Planetary	2012-04-30	Only read to page 6 of the thread...I think the scene in the House of the Undying will be that Dany goes in, they cut to a different scene, (preferably Jon, blue rose and all that). Cut back to Quarth, Dany comes stumbling out, Pyat Pree goes mental, Jorah cuts him down. Later she recounts what she saw. The scene is too trippy for viewers to make sense of anyway, it would be like a David Lynch movie.The House of the Undying was almost all visual in the books. It's just Danaerys with Drogon, so there's almost no dialogue until the very end (in the blue heart room), there's no expository dialogue needed, and there are opportunities for some really fantastic, impressive visuals.This is probably the scene I'm most looking forward to seeing, even more than the Battle of Blackwater Bay...if they do it right, take their time, and really make the House of the Undying as freaky as it's supposed to be, it has the potential to be awesome. I really hope they don't skip over it like they've done with every battle scene to date.
246	Ghost714	2012-04-30	did anyone else notice the exclusion of the scene where Jon Snow and Ghost find the cache of dragonglass knives, arrowheads and also the HORN OF WINTER? if the horn becomes a key item in the future novels, how will the HBO writers recover from leaving out this scene?They also leave out Jon seeing the Wildlings at the Milkwater, in his dream. Which is the whole reason Qhorin wanted Jon to go on the Ranging. Qhorin said that the "old powers were awakening" in the books, and that's why he wanted Jon to go, because Qhorin knew Jon was a Warg and a son of Winterfell, so the magic of the First Men would be strong in him. I can't stress enough how much I hated them making Jon say, "I fought and killed a Wight, how many Rangers can say that".  Jon would never say that to the Old Bear, and it makes Jon seem like such a Brat. His character got over that in the first book, and the first season, Jon no longer thinks he is better than everyone. So why is the show trying to forget all that character development from season one and book one? It's ridiculous.
247	strifed169	2012-04-30	The House of the Undying was almost all visual in the books. It's just Danaerys with Drogon, so there's almost no dialogue until the very end (in the blue heart room), there's no expository dialogue needed, and there are opportunities for some really fantastic, impressive visuals.This is probably the scene I'm most looking forward to seeing, even more than the Battle of Blackwater Bay...if they do it right, take their time, and really make the House of the Undying as freaky as it's supposed to be, it has the potential to be awesome. I really hope they don't skip over it like they've done with every battle scene to date.Do you think they will show the flashback of Rhaegar in it?
248	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-30	Remember what happened to Bran's three-eye-crow dream last season, yeah, that same fate will befall the House of the Undying visions. 
I just hope they keep the "3 fires, 3 mounts, 3 betrayal" line, that's the best case scenario.
249	Arkash	2012-04-30	They also leave out Jon seeing the Wildlings at the Milkwater, in his dream. Which is the whole reason Qhorin wanted Jon to go on the Ranging. Qhorin said that the "old powers were awakening" in the books, and that's why he wanted Jon to go, because Qhorin knew Jon was a Warg and a son of Winterfell, so the magic of the First Men would be strong in him.I guess Jon's dream will be cut, instead replaced by him just seing with his own eyes, like from the top of a moutain Mance's camp, even if it may turn out to be a weird choice for the story...
250	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-30	They have to set up Jon's warging at some point though.
251	LordBloodraven	2012-04-30	Good episode overall. Renly's death scene seemed rushed to me but Arya, Bran, Dany and Jon's parts were great. Quaithe was creepy, but it's weird to see her talking to Jorah directly. Pyat Pree is even creepier with that trick of his: the Undying scene is going to be great I think.
I'm liking the direction they are heading with Bran's storyline and his costume too; it seems that Jojen won't be casted overall and if at the end of TWIW he's just going to die beyond the Wall it seems ok. But what's going on with Rickon lol? Why crushing walnuts while Bran is giving audience? Seems he's bored to death haha
At the end it was a great episode, didn't mind the changes but Renly's sequence was too rushed and awkward.
252	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	To those who are worried about character changes and claiming that the characters in the book never fit neatly into a fantasy trope or even any trope at all, with all due respect to GRRM that is not even a little bit true, sorry
253	Arkash	2012-04-30	I'm damn glad we didnt have interminable sex scenes this episode... it gave much more time to the storylines, hope to have more episodes like this.
254	sennahoj	2012-04-30	Great episode. Considering the changes that the writers felt were necessary, it's still amazing how much of the book they transfer to the series. The Fist of the First Men might differ from the book, but one has to admire the scenery of Iceland and the logistics of filming there.
Dolorous Edd is great, I didn't pick up on his humour so much on my first read, but he is hilarious. Great chemistry between him, Grenn and Sam.
Tyrion great as ever but I think the best line of this episode goes to Wisdom Hallyne: "Our order does not deal in pigshit."
255	Leia	2012-04-30	Do my eyes deceive me or was this the first episode with no sex or nudity? Looks like they have prepared 20 minutes of pure sex for the next episode, then.
256	Ghost714	2012-04-30	I don't like that Tyrion didn't catch that they were calling him the little demon monkey, Bronn would never have to tell him that if Tyrion heard the guy talking. Tyrion is smarter than that.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 30 April 2012 - 04:18 AM.
257	Arkash	2012-04-30	Dolorous Edd is great, I didn't pick up on his humour so much on my first read"There is nothing as sickening as a man in love.""I've read it in a book.""Please, would you stop talking ?"I don't like that Tyrion didn't catch that they were calling him the little demon monkey, Bronn would never have to tell him that if Tyrion heard the guy talking. Tyrion is smarter than that.I agree.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 30 April 2012 - 04:20 AM.
258	Ghost714	2012-04-30	Do my eyes deceive me or was this the first episode with no sex or nudity? Looks like they have prepared 20 minutes of pure sex for the next episode, then.I know, it was crazy, I didn't think they could go a whole episode without showing any nudity, judging by the second season so far. I do not mind the nudity at all, as long as its not pointless.I will admit though, I am a little disappointed that there has been no nude scenes with Daenerys yet... I would be telling a lie if I said I haven't been waiting for one of those in season two....
259	Jovet	2012-04-30	Also brienne? Kilin the guards instead of loras? And then he dont blame her?The way I remember that in the books is Brienne had to kill the few guards that rushed into the tent before they killed her.Â Â Loras later slew the rest of the guards present because he grieved so hard and he felt them responsible for not protecting Renly.I understand why they let Maisie Williams say hear infamous line, "Anyone can be killed."Â Â But I don't get the part where she says it to Tywin's face.Â Â You just don't do that to a high lord who has laser beam eyes and can have your tongue cut out.Â Â I think they understood each other that they aren't on the same side.I completely agree.Â Â It strikes me as insolence that someone like Tywin would never seem to tolerate.Â Â I had to wince.Not only does he let her go after the lie, he lets her serve him water after she looks him dead in the eyes with an unwavering stare and tells him "anyone can be killed".Yep!Â Â But he did shove his food away. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />At the end it was a great episode, didn't mind the changes but Renly's sequence was too rushed and awkward.I thought the same.Â Â There was such a wide shot on Renly for so long when he was standing all alone it was completely obvious something bad was about to happen.Â Â You'd think they would have strived more to surprise the unaware.Â Â The scene leading up to the death just didn't flow right.Â Â Could have been the first bad direction the series has seen; will need to watch it again.Â Â I thought everything after the killing was okay, though I would have preferred for Catelyn to have dragged Brienne from the scene of the crime.Â Â Their acting from the death through the end of the episode was phenomenal!Â Â Loved seeing Brienne wield that sword.Â Â This show continues to amaze me with how well its actors execute--they are just so damn impressive! For some reason the first comment that comes to mind is that I didn't like Quaithe's mask. Don't get me wrong, it was a cool mask...but I always imagined hers as a smooth hard shell, and that you could not see any part of her face move, just a disembodied voice from an unreadable figure. So this interpretation was a little odd.It wasn't what I was expecting, but then I wasn't sure what to expect with the mask.Â Â I *was* expecting a hood or shroud of some kind, worn by someone fatter, and a scratchy eerie voice, though.Â Â I need to watch that sequence again.
					
					
							Edited by Jovet, 30 April 2012 - 04:56 AM.
260	sennahoj	2012-04-30	I noticed some woman at Xaro's garden party mention the Meereenese merchants in Qarth or something to that effect. Was that just some name-dropping, or will it play a role this season?
261	ace	2012-04-30	That was a good one.
I thought Renly's death was well done. Though Brienne saying the shadow looked like Stannis is ridiculous. She might've seen Stannis once for about 30 seconds and already she can recognize his face in that black shifting smoke. But what bothered me more is her saying she only got to touch him once. That sounds to me like she wanted for him. Like sexually. Brienne? I don't think so.
In Winterfell it looks like Bran will be having the green dreams instead of Jojen. Give me back my Reeds. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> Also there had to be some serious suspension of disbelief for me to accept that Theon with the crew of a single ship (100 if I'm very generous)  can besiege 1 castle and take another. I just don't understand this change. There were no budget of time reasons for it, it's like change for change's sake. And it isn't good change. Also it was funny watching Yara trying to show swagger. It sits on her like humility on Asha.
I don't remember was the wildfire Cersei's idea in the book too? I thought that was all Tyrion but I could be wrong.
Jon in the north was good I thought. Tywin talking to Arya? Like Robb and the nurse in the last episode it's so very Hollywood though so not ASOIAF. I still can't help feeling that Jaqen is too plain for me.
Across the narrow sea we got another glimpse of a dragon. For all of 20 seconds. I guess that should last us until next season. I'm worried the house of the undying will be chopped down to barely a hut. 1 room, 1 minute and she's out. It was actually too long in the book, but I hope they won't cut too much. And who was that woman that talked to Jorah? I don't remember her at all in the book.
I continue to be impressed by how well Davos is portrayed. As good as Stannis is bad.
Finally, no porn at all in this episode. What's up with that? Did the SNL skit get through to to them, or will we be "compensated" by a full 20 minutes next episode?
262	White Harbors Wrath	2012-04-30	It was pretty obvious in the books that Brienne was in love w/ Renly so I don't see what's so odd about her words...
263	legba11	2012-04-30	Excellent episode. Renly's death felt a bit flat to me, I will judge it on the reaction of my friends who did not know it was coming.
Everything else hit the mark.  HARD.
Arya staring down Tywin might be my favorite moment of the entire series so far.  And they follow it up with her empowerment. Her story is a rough one, but the moment Jaqen gives her the three, she goes from being kicked and shoved through the story to being the kicker and shover. Because she is my favorite character (along with Jaime), this marks one of my favorite moments of the books.  The death of the Tickler was well done too.  Yes it wasn't who was killed in the books.  The Tickler was a fine choice for the show.
Beyond the wall looked perfect, glad they ponied up the money for the trip to Iceland. 
Xaro's party scene worked, as did Jorah's plea to Dany.  For the first time, that storyline was interesting this season. (It is the worst part of CoK IMO)
Catelyn and Brienne were effective together.  They are making Brienne truly a monster physically.  Great direction.
Stannis was excellent.  The best he's been so far.  For the first time, he grabbed the scene from Davos, as he should.
Bronn was as great as he's been since he met Tywin.  He continues to define perfect casting.  A rare time you are rooting for him as opposed to Tyrion.
264	David Selig	2012-04-30	It's pretty strongly hinted in the books that Brienne killed one of the two men-at-arms who attacked her after Renly's death. "She (Catelyn) glanced back, saw the second guardsman fall, his blade dropping from limp fingers."I was still a bit disappointed with the scene though, I wanted to see Cat participate in the fight, as she did in the books by hitting one of those who fought Brienne with a brazier. It would've made Brienne swearing fealty to her better reasoned. Plus why not show how Brienne and Cat sneaked out of the camp, it would've been quite a tense scene, especially for those who haven't read the books.Apart from that, very good episode overall. LF for once this season behaved like a competent plotter, not some clumsy wannabe. The dragon was so adorable and awesome. Rickon sighting! Tiryon was fine as usual, though they are taking the childishness of their enmity with Cersei to an even higher level than in the books. Why wouldn't she tell him she's planning to use wildfire for defending the city? For once even the NW scenes didn't drag for me, mostly because of the awesome view all around, it was spectacular to watch, some really impressive shots. Plus Sam continues to be great.I know it's shallow, but I wanted to see Doreah naked, she looked stunning in this episode. Hopefully in the next one, they did tease the viewers rather blatantly with that possibility of that. Better her than Ros or another random LF whore to fill the boobs quota.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 30 April 2012 - 05:42 AM.
265	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-30	I spotted a Sulphur-crested Cockatoo in Qarth! @ 34:52!
Pretty sure I saw the same sort of parrot in Rome.
HBO loves Australian Fauna. As do I.
					
					
							Edited by Gurney Halleck, 30 April 2012 - 05:50 AM.
266	TC_Chaos	2012-04-30	Pretty good episode. More building up to the grand finale fight on BW. I was just reading the IGN comment section and it seems that people are crying for boobs in this episode. I have to say I am disappointed in them not staying true to the Qarth dress. Come on now. The second most anticipated scene for me this season (first being the Battle of BW) was seeing Dany in the Qarth dress. I know some people will say the breast mongers should get on with their lives, but come on now. How awesome it would have been to shock the audience who are non-readers.
267	Isy	2012-04-30	Dagmer being a stranger to Theon - why?  And the Fist is waaay too far north.  This is like land of always winter north, instead of the haunted forest.Yeah I thought it was meant to be a hill sticking out of a wintry forest - it looked way too exposed!Giving Bran Jojen's dreams? Bah.See, I actually felt this worked. How the scene went very quiet just with Bran's voice and the slowing of the camera - thought it was really cleverly done. Also, without J/M there, Winterfell feels that much more isolated. I thought Bran's scenes were all in all brilliant this episode and I found myself really cheering for him when he took charge re: Torrhen's Square.I envisage J/M turning up early Season 3, finding Bran, Osha, Hodor and Rickon in the woods when all else seems very bleak for those characters.
268	Carne	2012-04-30	Having every female in the scene hang their tit out would be very distracting, hence why they didn't do it.
269	lmanion	2012-04-30	2 Dragons in Qarth! When Doreah puts Drogons cage back Rhaegal I think is in the cage to the left
270	Ran	2012-04-30	In AFfC, it's clear that Brienne's never killed a man. She did lop off one's hand, true enough, but it looks like the fellow who fell with his sword falling from his hand was somehow knocked out or stunned rather than killed. 
Are people distracted by every National Geographic-style documentary featuring tribes that go practically naked? Really? I don't really understand why folks can't just be adults, but I suppose that may be expecting much.
Not that I'm strongly arguing the point of the Qartheen gowns, as such, although I'm a bit bothered by the explanation Emilia Clarke has given ("It'd be a step backward for Dany", basically, which is just ... wrong.)
271	Apoapsis	2012-04-30	I don't understand the change from the three-eyed crow to the three-eyed raven. Do they think that TV viewers don't know that there are different types of corvids?
The Fist is a lot more impressive than I imagined it. And how is Jon going to find the dragonglass weapons and bring them back to his friends if he leaves with Qhorin this early?
272	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-30	For a more serious opinion, I say it was an admirable and worthy adaptation of the book.
Firstly, I'm not a book purist. I have read all the novels a few times, and it's as Tolkien would say "Un-film-able" 
I love HBO. They have served me well on (above) average. The Wire, Sopranos, Larry David and his stupid crap...
I love this new season. Embrace it. Live it...(as we clearly all are)
Get on board with the amazing production, score, writing, cinematography, and ACTING.
Please, be a friend on this.
Yours truly,
Fellow Westeros Member.
273	boojam	2012-04-30	Going to mention again something that did not make it as a topic in E04 (not sure why).
Wish something had of happened ,S1, like each episode getting 10 million viewers, some kind of insane ratings that HBO could have told D&D to do CoK and SoS as 4 episodes. Yeah sounds crazy.
Knowing the rich tapestry of of CoK and SoS (I am among those who think they are the best novels so far) trying jam the stuff from CoK into just one season was going to cause some economics of narrative that were going to leave a story  that seems a bit scrambled.
That's the way the cookie crumbles. 
I could see where a lot of elaboration, in the novel, could be cut, but some valuable story and character development is getting lost... and no, no! I don't want a transliteration. Having the visual narrative encapsulate miles of words from the books was going to be a tremendous plus... but some of the charm of the novel is now leaking through story rush.
I won't mention it again.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2012 - 08:31 AM.
274	Michaelj	2012-04-30	@ace
Theon only had 100 or so people in the books. This wasn't a change as he was meant to attack fishing towns remember?
275	boojam	2012-04-30	Did I see the comet in the opening sequence? I haven't noticed it before tonight. LOVE the new map!The comet was so effective the first episode, and plays a role for a while longer in CoK , maybe D&D thought it would seem over used, if so I disagree with them.
276	boojam	2012-04-30	Jaqen H'ghar was exactly how I pictured him in the books.Tom Wlaschiha is really riveting when he's on screen. Odd ball dialog, mixing first and third person stuff.But then we discussed this before here, even finding that George had done it too, tho a lot less of it.Someone needs to ask George if that deliberate or a mistake in the book.
277	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-30	I think it's great that Qarth seems comfortable and homey for Dany at the moment. Funny I kinda disagree with all the disappointments from Linda and Elio's review apart from not dooing the shadow assassin right. I did think that Renly's shadow on the tent moved strangely / ominously so I agree that they might have tried to do it according to the book, but there was a last minute change. Perhaps there was some difficulty with making it look right and it was quicker to do a Lost-esque thing which they had to settle for due to time constraints.
Didn't mind Loras not blaming Cat/Brienne, but yeah I thought Loras' grief was otherwise a bit too muted. He could at least have punched one of the guardsmen in the face with a mailed fist and blamed them for letting an assassin get through them.
So without the bloody mummers is it going to be Northmen (Roose) who capture Jaime and Brienne. Upon capture they are still loyal to Robb, so cut off his hand, then they turn their cloak and send Jaime on his merry way. Will they keep Brienne there for Jaime to come back and rescue? Or will they save time and send her off with Jaime?
The more the series goes on the more they will cut for expediency and because cutting something early means whole threads unravel, so minor plot lines get bent out of all recognition.
It's interesting, in CoK I supported in general Stannis' cause. But I'm finding Stannis to be not worthy of support in the TV series. If there's one plotline I think they've done poorly it's Stannis', and it remains one of the flaws of this episode for me. Stannis comes off as petulant, and altogether too personally ambitious for the Iron Throne. He should be the iron - grim, hard and unyielding -  that Donal Noye (is that right?) describes him as in the book. In the book I can see why Davos is so loyal to Stannis, in the TV show I can't for the life of me understand why Davos would be so unwaveringly loyal.
I thought it was a strong episode and best of season to date. The other highly analytical, non-professional watchers of the show, but who know nothing of the book all breathed a huge sigh of relief that the season very much got back on track and were very glad to leave episode 4 behind. Interestingly I think there is a widening divergence of opinion on the merits of episodes between book enthusiasts and unspoiled non-readers. Objectively I think this was strong drama, but subjectively there was plenty of divergence from the book with which book fans can choose to be upset / disappointed.
278	Rockroi	2012-04-30	Are people distracted by every National Geographic-style documentary featuring tribes that go practically naked? Really? I don't really understand why folks can't just be adults, but I suppose that may be expecting much.I don't know; has Saturday Night Live lampooned a show for excessive nudity amd compared it to having a 13 year old being a consultant vs. National Geographic? Look, its not that people are botherd by nudity; its that they are bothered by this nudity and its sloppy and ham-fisted execution.  And its not like those people are on an island or a vocal minority.  People have noticed how silly it has become.
279	boojam	2012-04-30	I don't like Davos potentially taking the fall for Blackwater.Don't know why introducing Ser Imry Florent as the fleet commander would have confused the audience.I don't see where he is set up for that. In the novel it is Stannis and Florent who ignore Davos's idea to send some of Salladhor Saan's quick ships as a probe. They would have discovered the chain. So really, in the end, and I think they will keep it, Stannis has only himself to blame.
280	boojam	2012-04-30	This second season in general really isn't doing it for me.. I feel there is just a lot missing/being rushed with arya... then again fitting it all in 10 episodes is ridiculous to begin with.the only episode I can honestly say I like so far this season is Ep3.I think the 10 episode thing is going to be a continuing curse, even with a season 3 now.I wish HBO had of announced a season 3 and 4 but don't think the bean counters would let that happen.
281	boojam	2012-04-30	The pyromancer claimed that it was wyldfire that kept the Targaryens in power after the dragons were gone.  It makes some sense.  Was it referenced in the books?That's claimed in the books, but I don't know how many people really believed it.Now King Aerys was a nut case about wyldfire which was part of his downfall.
282	legba11	2012-04-30	Tywin not lashing out at Arya's stare:  How foolish would that make him look?  He's already been overbearing and petty, sending away one his officers for a complaint that they aren't getting enough sleep.  This is a legit complaint that officers should bring to their general, because if their men aren't sleeping enough it will adversely affect them.  But Tywin has to flex his authority muscle, and he decides to do it on this chump.  Now he engages a servant (little girl at that) and he is going to smack her down for staring at him?  How pathetic would that make him look?  He would have to acknowledge that she threatened him.  That's part of the brilliance of that scene.  He has walked himself into a trap.  And Arya (bless her heart) clamps it shut on him.  Either he has to ignore her implied threat or he becomes a blustering Jofferey like ruler.
283	Sworn Shield	2012-04-30	I really didn't like Renly's death it wasn't dramitic enough and felt overly rushed.
284	boojam	2012-04-30	Ok, so here we are half way through and we have only seen Drogon twice, pretty quick at that.
I thought for sure Dany was , in that scene, going to tell somebody , quickly, why she had named the three Viserion and Rhaegal and Drogon. 
We have not seen all three since E10 of S1.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2012 - 08:16 AM.
285	Mr. E	2012-04-30	Ok, so here we are half way through and we have only seen Drogon twice, pretty quick at that.I thought for sure Dany was , in that scene, going to tell somebody , quickly, why she had named the three Viserion and Rhaegal and Drogon.We have not seen all three since E10 or S1.Not to make it all about money here, but CGI is very expensive (unless you want it to look like something off the Syfy channel), and we've already heard that they devoted a large amount of the show's budget to Blackwater--so I would say that accounts for some of the absence of the dragons, and even the direwolves.
286	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	The episode was ok.
Started off with a clunk - the Renly death scene had no subtlety or art to it. We get the shadow ooze across the floor and then a 4th body is in the tent.  Gwendoline was fantastic in it first reminding people that she is a bad ass warrior, then letting people know she is a person in love.  Thought the scene with Brienne and Cat with the vow was well done.
Littlefinger still just doesn't do it for me.  I do like that they are putting Marg's desires out in front of us - it's been said, I think this is a good translation of her that we only got to see after a few books of putting all her little pieces together.
Qarth was ok - the vault/key thing was a little odd though.  I did like the "dracarys" scene with the first failed breathe then the second one worked.
The Tywin/Arya scene was cool - but as cautious as Tywin is I don't see him standing for a servant challenging him like that.  Arya & Jaqen are off to a good start.  Don't really mind the change in order of her 3 kills, do wonder when we will hear in a report about Dondarrions people so that it doesn't just fall off the map.
The scenery of north of the wall was great, but why does Mormont need to put down Jon as a steward & that he got knocked out by Craster?  Why does Jon need to volunteer and puff up his chest?  We get to the same point with Halfhand just saying "I'll take a,b,c ....and Snow." 
The look on Tyrions face when he walked into the vault with the wildfire was perfect - I do hope they keep in the point later about the pyromancers finding more ripe fruit out in the city.  Kind of a nice look on Cersei's face as well when she commented about the King - another realization on her part that she is losing/has lost any control she thought she was getting.
287	Ghost714	2012-04-30	It's pretty strongly hinted in the books that Brienne killed one of the two men-at-arms who attacked her after Renly's death. "She (Catelyn) glanced back, saw the second guardsman fall, his blade dropping from limp fingers."I was still a bit disappointed with the scene though, I wanted to see Cat participate in the fight, as she did in the books by hitting one of those who fought Brienne with a brazier. It would've made Brienne swearing fealty to her better reasoned. Plus why not show how Brienne and Cat sneaked out of the camp, it would've been quite a tense scene, especially for those who haven't read the books.Apart from that, very good episode overall. LF for once this season behaved like a competent plotter, not some clumsy wannabe. The dragon was so adorable and awesome. Rickon sighting! Tiryon was fine as usual, though they are taking the childishness of their enmity with Cersei to an even higher level than in the books. Why wouldn't she tell him she's planning to use wildfire for defending the city? For once even the NW scenes didn't drag for me, mostly because of the awesome view all around, it was spectacular to watch, some really impressive shots. Plus Sam continues to be great.I know it's shallow, but I wanted to see Doreah naked, she looked stunning in this episode. Hopefully in the next one, they did tease the viewers rather blatantly with that possibility of that. Better her than Ros or another random LF whore to fill the boobs quota.You wanted to see Doreah naked, and I wanted to see Dany naked. I agree though, Doreah looked very good, but I can't get over how amazing Dany looked in the Qartheen garb, despite not having one boob showing, like in the books.What we need is a scene with both Dany and Doreah naked!In the books, there are a few times Dany gets lonely, and she gets some "special help" from Irri. I can only pray that this is the reason they didn't kill of Doreah in the show, like the did in the books. Doreah was trained in the pleasure Houses of Lys after all.... (crossing fingers)I really can't imagine HBO passing up the chance to do this hot Dany scene, and it's actually in the books. All they need to do is replace Irri with Doreah, which should not be hard considering Doreah is way better looking than both Irri and Jhiqui.Ok I am done, people can start judging now. Others are thinking it, im just saying it.
288	Ran	2012-04-30	Look, its not that people are botherd by nudity; its that they are bothered by this nudityBut there is no nudity in Qarth, so they can't very well be bothered by its existence. The errors of the producers shouldn't reflect on the fact that in conception, the Qartheen fashion -- women with a bare breast, mean in beaded skirts -- is perfectly understandable as cultural dress that doesn't exist to titillate viewers/readers but rather emphasizes the way that Qarth is different, decadent, and strange.
289	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	But there is no nudity in Qarth, so they can't very well be bothered by its existence. The errors of the producers shouldn't reflect on the fact that in conception, the Qartheen fashion -- women with a bare breast, mean in beaded skirts -- is perfectly understandable as cultural dress that doesn't exist to titillate viewers/readers but rather emphasizes the way that Qarth is different, decadent, and strange.That's very true from the perspective of world building, but from the perspective of tv audience, it would just come across as another excuse to show nudity.  Since it would have been at a party, there wouldn't have even been sex to "allow" for it to be seen.  There isn't a separator between "nudity & sex" from "nudity & culture" in the show because there isn't enough time to build the cultures or get background on them. An example of that is Xaro invoking "Soumai" - ok, what does that mean? Everyone immediately nods, but the speaker still seems unsettled by Dany being allowed in   What is it about that ritual that opens the doors for Dany?
290	Ghost714	2012-04-30	But there is no nudity in Qarth, so they can't very well be bothered by its existence. The errors of the producers shouldn't reflect on the fact that in conception, the Qartheen fashion -- women with a bare breast, mean in beaded skirts -- is perfectly understandable as cultural dress that doesn't exist to titillate viewers/readers but rather emphasizes the way that Qarth is different, decadent, and strange.Exactly!  They could have gotten rid of the sleazy blowjobs etc, and kept the Qartheen fashion, it would have been way more tasteful, and the demand for nudity would be fulfilled. But no, HBO had to go and do the opposite.
291	Ghost714	2012-04-30	That's very true from the perspective of world building, but from the perspective of tv audience, it would just come across as another excuse to show nudity.  Since it would have been at a party, there wouldn't have even been sex to "allow" for it to be seen.  There isn't a separator between "nudity & sex" from "nudity & culture" in the show because there isn't enough time to build the cultures or get background on them. An example of that is Xaro invoking "Soumai" - ok, what does that mean? Everyone immediately nods, but the speaker still seems unsettled by Dany being allowed in   What is it about that ritual that opens the doors for Dany?It would have taken all of ten seconds for Xaro to explain to Dany about the Qartheen fashion. Problem solved. Also, many people knew about the Qartheen gowns being in the books, it's something that's been talked about a lot, every since they decided to make the show.
292	White Raven	2012-04-30	Pyat Pree was every bit as demented as he should be. Should be really interesting to see how they handle the House of the Undying...it was such a trippy sequence. And, Quaithe! I LOLed. The way she popped up and made you instantly disconcerted with that creepy mask is exactly how it reads in the book. "Stop doing that, woman!"Really liked the scenes with Pyat Pree and Quaithe.Other things I liked:+ Ghost+ Drogon+ Ser Jorah in love+ the whole look of the Quarth scenes (I understand they couldn't show us the whole city with their budget)+ Jaqen H'ghar+ Tyrion and Bronn+ Catelyn and Brienne+ Arya and Tywin+ the Winterfell scences, especially Bran as LordThings I didn't like:- only a little nitpick: They should have been a little more freaked out about some shadowmonster killing Renly.
293	Feoreunn	2012-04-30	It's the strangest thing, having read the books and still having no clue what is going to happen at Harrenhal. I very much doubt Roose Bolton will go there at all, and instead go to the North to take over some of Ramsay's role. At this point it wouldn't surprise me if Arya's second name for Jaqen is Lorch and she uses the third one not to help the Northmen escape, but to help her, Gendry and Hot Pie escape the castle. If they really showed how Harrenhal is in someone else's hands every five seconds, it would become too convoluted (hell, it already is in the books) and Bolton joins the Lannister cause anyway, no need for all that song and dance. My only problem with this theory is why Bolton would turn cloak so soon, even though we saw him disagreeing with Robb's methods earlier in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Feoreunn, 30 April 2012 - 08:19 AM.
294	Sebly	2012-04-30	What happened to Cat's entourage? I'm pretty sure she had some guards when she arrived at Renly's camp.
Not complaining, just thought it was odd that they disappeared /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
295	WITCHKING	2012-04-30	No Goat????????That was one huge dissapointment for me...
296	boojam	2012-04-30	Not to make it all about money here, but CGI is very expensive (unless you want it to look like something off the Syfy channel), and we've already heard that they devoted a large amount of the show's budget to Blackwater--so I would say that accounts for some of the absence of the dragons, and even the direwolves.They got the Blackwater money they wanted , or well , at least an extra 1 million for that episode.I don't think CGI, good CGI , is THAT expensive, in fact I think it's price has come down.But never mind, in an interview with Emilia Clarke last week she stated that D&D did not want to over expose the dragons , so that's their choice.
297	White Raven	2012-04-30	What happened to Cat's entourage? I'm pretty sure she had some guards when she arrived at Renly's camp.Not complaining, just thought it was odd that they disappeared /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ned's bones are still in the camp too, aren't they? I wonder if they'll ever be mentioned again.
298	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-30	Who in the fuck is the "3 eyed RAVEN"?!
Seven bloody hells is there anything D&D will keep from the books??
They can show Roz in all her unglory but not the Qartheen dress with 1 breast exposed!! WTF!?
It is so wrong to not have Roos at Harenhal!
The shadow should have sliced Renley almost in half in his armour and have his armour cut cleanly. Its was that way in the books to show the impossibility of Brienne being the killer.
Disappointed. There is NO reason for the changes. None!
299	WITCHKING	2012-04-30	Who in the fuck is the "3 eyed RAVEN"?!Seven bloody hells is there anything D&D will keep from the books??They can show Roz in all her unglory but not the Qartheen dress with 1 breast exposed!! WTF!?It is so wrong to not have Roos at Harenhal!The shadow should have sliced Renley almost in half in his armour and have his armour cut cleanly. Its was that way in the books to show the impossibility of Brienne being the killer.Disappointed. There is NO reason for the changes. None!And no Goat.Why?
300	boojam	2012-04-30	But there is no nudity in Qarth, so they can't very well be bothered by its existence. The errors of the producers shouldn't reflect on the fact that in conception, the Qartheen fashion -- women with a bare breast, mean in beaded skirts -- is perfectly understandable as cultural dress that doesn't exist to titillate viewers/readers but rather emphasizes the way that Qarth is different, decadent, and strange.There is another quote from Emilia Clarke , somewhere, where she said that they thought of the exposed breast thing but D&D considered it too distracting for visual narrative purposes so crossed it off. I agree with them.
301	sharkhawk	2012-04-30	I don't like that Tyrion didn't catch that they were calling him the little demon monkey, Bronn would never have to tell him that if Tyrion heard the guy talking. Tyrion is smarter than that.Tyrion would have picked up on that, but most non readers wouldn't
302	Feoreunn	2012-04-30	Tyrion would have picked up on that, but most non readers wouldn'tAre we sure Tyrion wasn't being sarcastic in that scene? It seemed like he perfectly knew they were talking about him.
303	Ser_Niall	2012-04-30	I'm really not surprised that they got rid of Jojen and Meera's characters.  While they work well in the book, they're pretty easy to replace and consolidate into Bran and Osha in the show.  Personally, I don't think it's a huge loss in the grand scheme of things.  The show is an interpretation of the book, not an exact copy of it.
This was my favorite episode so far this season.  Definitely sets up the next 5 episodes, which should be epic.
304	sagaz	2012-04-30	I couldn't help but notice how they downsize the standard of season 1. If they're going to have a big battle scene (movie style) they had to cut the budget...you can see it in the sets, all interiors (except Dany's this episode)... Cersei's room I find it strange... season 2 winterfell, too.
The wardrobe is also a bit economic than last Season (Cersei's have only one dress, and Margaery, and Sansa). But the most important is that it seems they can't afford the hbo's A list of directors (the ones used in Boardwalk, The Wire, Sopranos, SATC) except Alan Taylor, and have to go with people from Entourage and Big Love... This is starting to show in the overall season 2, in my opinion.
Besides that, I love this show and this is a tough book to adapt.
edit: when I said "all interiors" I was thinking in KL and winterfell and the visual difference with season 1. They have exteriors for the north of the wall scenes and pyke,
					
					
							Edited by sagaz, 30 April 2012 - 06:00 PM.
305	ultness	2012-04-30	I'm really expecting a ton of changes to Dany's story as this series goes on. I don't remember but was Xaro Xhoan Daxos's vault scene in the book?
306	Goodbrother	2012-04-30	No Goat????????That was one huge dissapointment for me...I have to say that this haven't crossed my mind until that I red this.No Goat at all...They can't have been cutting him off aswell, I mean the Brave Companions have to turn up sooner or later (Rather sooner)I'm getting a bit disappointed about all the characters that's getting cut.The Reed's is a BIG minus if they wont show up at all, thinking of what's coming.And even though the CGI being so expensive and it's being saved for Blackwater, the lack of both the dragons and Summer is getting overwhelming.It is so wrong to not have Roos at Harenhal!There's still some things that needs to happen before he comes to Harrenhal.I hope that the breakup between Robb and Roose will have it's own scene so it's obvious for the audience why Roose actually went to Harrenhal.Would be too confusing to just have him talking about flaying prisoners with Robb in one episode, then being in Harrenhal in the other.Can't wait for the whole Harrenhal escape with Arya and J'quen, hope they didn't save in any expenses there, now not to neglect any other coming happenings.
					
					
							Edited by Goodbrother, 30 April 2012 - 09:44 AM.
307	boojam	2012-04-30	Not only does he let her go after the lie, he lets her serve him water after she looks him dead in the eyes with an unwavering stare and tells him "anyone can be killed".ASOIAF is indeed where anyone can be killed, especially people who do stupid shit like that.  ACOK was about Arya learning how to survive in a warzone, and I don't think a "You tell him gurl!" moment like this fits the atmosphere that Game of Thrones should have.It's a bit odd.There has been enough time since even when Tyrion found out they did not have Arya at KL for a raven to have gotten to Tywin with that knowledge. I don't know where D&D are going with this. Could be that Tywin does know it's Arya. He must know a general physical description of her, and high born speaking does get noticed (Jamie notices this about Brienne.)Maybe Tywin does know it's her...and figures she can't escape or has some other reason in mind.
308	TyrionTargaryen	2012-04-30	Has anybody else picked up on the non-gorget piercing death blow to Renly?? Or am I the only one. My memory from the end of Storm of Swords is a bit fuzzy but I am pretty sure that that was the key evidence that convinced Loras that it actually could not have been Brienne that killed Renly.
Some clarification for me please, as I reacted immediately when I saw Brienne take OFF the gorget instead of putting it on and THEN the demon silled him through the throat.
309	Mr. E	2012-04-30	They got the Blackwater money they wanted , or well , at least an extra 1 million for that episode.I don't think CGI, good CGI , is THAT expensive, in fact I think it's price has come down.But never mind, in an interview with Emilia Clarke last week she stated that D&D did not want to over expose the dragons , so that's their choice.I don't want to give the impression that I'm a film/CGI expert, but from everything I've heard or read, good CGI is still very expensive.Now, here's the key.Is good CGI expensive for a 2 hour movie with a 100 million dollar budget? Perhaps not.Is good CGI expensive for a 10 hour television show witha  40 million dollar budget that already has a large portion earmarked for a huge battle sequence? I would say it's a bit more of a sacrifice.And while you are correct that the price has come down, it's not an all across the board decrease. Like any product, there are levels of quality. Sure, CGI is cheaper if you are throwing people in front of a fake looking greenscreen and are okay with hideous Syfy channel original movie SFX. But if you want seamless, realistic CGI? You're still going to have to fork over the cash.It's no different than any other product really. Take cars. Sure, cars have become ubiquitous and we've basically perfected the means of producing them. Yet there are still junkers that cost 1000 dollars and fall to pieces in two years, and name brands that cost 100,000 dollars and look nicer and have all the other accoutrements. Same thing with CGI--I think D&D would rather limit the dragons' exposure than to have a bunch of episodes fill with some terrible generic CGI piece of crap.
310	shadow of death	2012-04-30	This Stannis is growing on me.  He was great this episode.
Briennes fight scene was pretty awesome.  Especially the coup de grace she put on the guy with the downward stab to the back of the neck.
I wish the would have shown Renly's green armour more.  Not really sure if they are planning on showing Garlan in it on the battle on the blackwater.
Pyrat was awesome.  Very freaky looking.
311	rmholt	2012-04-30	About as much of a chance as a noseless Tyrion and Davos with a left hand mutilation /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />They did say that the actor playing Davos had to wear a glove with his fingers knuckled up at the tips to show the shortened fingers that gave him cramps.  Pity bc I havent been able to catch this effect.
312	Sebly	2012-04-30	This Stannis is growing on me.  He was great this episode.Briennes fight scene was pretty awesome.  Especially the coup de grace she put on the guy with the downward stab to the back of the neck.I wish the would have shown Renly's green armour more.  Not really sure if they are planning on showing Garlan in it on the battle on the blackwater.Pyrat was awesome.  Very freaky looking.I noticed some Stannis teeth grinding this episode, I liked it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
313	sennahoj	2012-04-30	I'm really expecting a ton of changes to Dany's story as this series goes on. I don't remember but was Xaro Xhoan Daxos's vault scene in the book?I don't remember anything about a vault but I might be wrong there. I agree with you though about changes to Dany's story. Actually I hope so, because in the books (especially later on) her POV becomes rather tedious. Judging from the short preview of the sixth episode there will be some sort of conflict with the Thirteen, or was that the House of the Undying. Really unsure about that one. I am also curious how the dragons will be used in the series, now that we have seen Drogon and one of the other two again (couldn't tell which). Of course I know Drogon will show us some "dracarys" soon, but I am wondering about Rhaegal and Viserion. It all depends on the CGI budget I guess, a majority of which will be used for the Blackwater. So how much dragon action can the show afford this season?
314	Independent George	2012-04-30	ETA: 3-eyed-raven?! I guess it could've been worse ... could've been 3-eyed-Hodor...We already saw Hodor's third eye in season 1.
315	WITCHKING	2012-04-30	We already saw Hodor's third eye in season 1.Lol...
316	rmholt	2012-04-30	did anyone else notice the exclusion of the scene where Jon Snow and Ghost find the cache of dragonglass knives, arrowheads and also the HORN OF WINTER? if the horn becomes a key item in the future novels, how will the HBO writers recover from leaving out this scene?he did not find the Horn of Joramun.  He found a broken horn that he gave to Sam.  The Horn of Winter isnt uncovered until a LOT later - when Jon comes to parley with Mance, after he has deserted the Watch and returned, and right before Stannis rides up.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 30 April 2012 - 09:03 AM.
317	boojam	2012-04-30	I couldn't help but notice how they downsize the standard of season 1. If they're going to have a big battle scene (movie style) they had to cut the budget...you can see it in the sets, all interiors (except Dany's this episode)... Cersei's room I find it strange... season 2 winterfell, too.The wardrobe is also a bit economic than last Season (Cersei's have only one dress, and Margaery, and Sansa). But the most important is that it seems they can't afford the hbo's A list of directors (the ones used in Boardwalk, The Wire, Sopranos, SATC) except Alan Taylor, and have to go with people from Entourage and Big Love... This is starting to show in the overall season 2, in my opinion.Besides that, I love this show and this is a tough book to adapt.In terms of directors Alan Taylor was around last year,Alik Sakharov has directed one of the best episodes this season, and David Petraca did a fine job of E5. Not sure I know who David Nutter is. We have a lot of Alan Taylor this year. Neil Marshall is supposed to be an A list film director. I think any problems have been with the teleplays not the directors.
318	Meg Stark	2012-04-30	I'm really not surprised that they got rid of Jojen and Meera's characters.  While they work well in the book, they're pretty easy to replace and consolidate into Bran and Osha in the show.  Personally, I don't think it's a huge loss in the grand scheme of things.  The show is an interpretation of the book, not an exact copy of it.I agree. Though I enjoyed those characters in the book, it does not make sense for the TV show. Especially when you have the caliber of actor of Osha. Adding two more child actors to the show and expecting them to carry interesting dialogue with them north of the wall would just be too big of a risk.
319	sharkhawk	2012-04-30	Are we sure Tyrion wasn't being sarcastic in that scene? It seemed like he perfectly knew they were talking about him.Good point, but they needed to mention it for the non readers
320	The Unborn	2012-04-30	There is another quote from Emilia Clarke , somewhere, where she said that they thought of the exposed breast thing but D&D considered it too distracting for visual narrative purposes so crossed it off. I agree with them.I agree too. I would've stared at boobs for the whole scene otherwise!
321	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	It would have taken all of ten seconds for Xaro to explain to Dany about the Qartheen fashion. Problem solved.Also, many people knew about the Qartheen gowns being in the books, it's something that's been talked about a lot, every since they decided to make the show.All that translates to though is "excuse to show a breast".  I don't disagree that they easily could have explained it, but given the reputation that is growing about sex/nudity it may very well come off as hoaky to non book readers that don't know the Qarth fasion.
322	Lyonel B	2012-04-30	I was pretty underwhelmed by the Stannis casting at first, mostly because I clearly visualised Mark Strong when reading the books, but Stephen Dillane is absolutely crushing that character. Liam Cunningham is another astounding piece of casting, and the dynamic between the two really is top drawer.
I really don't want to start whinging, but Renly's death scene was extremely poorly scripted, directed and shot. It was a really, really poor scene. I think Renly has been the worst element of the TV adaptation tbh. The character has been poorly written and poorly cast from the very beginning.
Anyway, I don't want to dwell on the negative; I think they're doing an excellent job, and generally the casting has surpassed all my expectations. Another enjoyable episode.
323	BlackTalon	2012-04-30	Im still deciding about this episode, but is it just me or did that slave chick Doreah get like a billion times hotter?Hehe, my sentiments exactly ... this is the first time we see her all clean and dressed beautifully ... she is hot as hell, Amrita Acharia too.@ iheartseverus:I am pretty sure we saw the green dragon, (Rhaegal?) in this episode, in a cage right after Dany put Drogon back in his own cage.
324	boojam	2012-04-30	As to the red god, yes, Jaqen repeatedly refers to R'hllor because he, Rorge, and Biter were going to burn alive if Arya didn't help. So she stole their deaths from R'hllor, the firey aspect of the Many Faced God.I still have my problems with that...due to what we find out from Arya's encounter with FM 'philosophy' in Feast and Dance... George has said he that as a writer he is a 'gardener' not an 'architect' so I will shut up about it and go with George.
325	boojam	2012-04-30	I was pretty underwhelmed by the Stannis casting at first, mostly because I clearly visualised Mark Strong when reading the books, but Stephen Dillane is absolutely crushing that character. Liam Cunningham is another astounding piece of casting, and the dynamic between the two really is top drawer.By the by I meant to mention this for E4.Did anyone notice that when Davos called her the Red Woman, Stannis corrected him by saying 'she has a name'.... and then seconds later when Davos asks what Stannis want's him to smuggle , Stannis says : "The Red Woman".Har!
326	bloodymime	2012-04-30	They also leave out Jon seeing the Wildlings at the Milkwater, in his dream. Which is the whole reason Qhorin wanted Jon to go on the Ranging. Qhorin said that the "old powers were awakening" in the books, and that's why he wanted Jon to go, because Qhorin knew Jon was a Warg and a son of Winterfell, so the magic of the First Men would be strong in him.I can't stress enough how much I hated them making Jon say, "I fought and killed a Wight, how many Rangers can say that".  Jon would never say that to the Old Bear, and it makes Jon seem like such a Brat. His character got over that in the first book, and the first season, Jon no longer thinks he is better than everyone. So why is the show trying to forget all that character development from season one and book one? It's ridiculous.People are getting mixed up on the timeline there. Jon doesn't have his wolfdream until they're already up in the mountains. In fact doesn't that dream end by Ghost being attacked by the eagle?Yeah, Jon's line was lame.Found the part in the book and Jon doesn't have his dream until after freeing Yrgritte.On the surface the only things Halfhand knows is he knew Jon's father and grandfather, expects no help from anyone but the Starks and that Jon has a direwolf and gives his reasons to the Old Bear as,â<U+0080><U+009C>The old gods are still strong beyond the Wall. The gods of the First Men . . . and the Starks.â<U+0080><U+009D> Mormont looked at Jon. â<U+0080><U+009C>What is your will in this?â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>To go,â<U+0080><U+009D> he said at once. The old man smiled sadly. â<U+0080><U+009C>I thought it might be.â<U+0080><U+009D>
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 30 April 2012 - 09:46 AM.
327	KnightsOfDany	2012-04-30	Best Episode of the Season by far!
I could be wrong but was the Valerian Vault bit a part of the book i cannot recall? 
All i hope is that Meera and Jojen get introduced soon, after all they are the ones who decipher Bran's dreams and take him North. Unless they plan on making Osha that roll.
328	Mr. E	2012-04-30	By the by I meant to mention this for E4.Did anyone notice that when Davos called her the Red Woman, Stannis corrected him by saying 'she has a name'.... and then seconds later when Davos asks what Stannis want's him to smuggle , Stannis says : "The Red Woman".Har!Lol actually if I'm not mistaken, I think he says YOUR red woman--more like he's gently mocking Davos than anything.
329	Husband to Bears	2012-04-30	Roy Dotrice as the Pyromancer and Bronn's dialogue was one of my favorite additions to the story. Roy rocks. The only thing I missed was the part of the story where it stated that the Dragon's Fire was easier to make all off a sudden(birth of dragons).   The Rat in the background, when Tyrion said they would now be making the Dragon Fire for him was a nice touch.
Anyone else love the scene with the Golden "goose". The dothraki debating how to take it made me laugh, then Kovarro blantanly steals a cup.  Well done.   
I knew the episode was over when Jaqen raised the one finger.  They are so good at ending an episode.
330	legba11	2012-04-30	Ned's bones are still in the camp too, aren't they? I wonder if they'll ever be mentioned again.Stannis is very honorable, he would have them sent to Winterfell where they will be buried in the crypts... Oops... Well, they will be sent North.
331	Carne	2012-04-30	Don't know why introducing Ser Imry Florent as the fleet commander would have confused the audience.I don't see where he is set up for that. In the novel it is Stannis and Florent who ignore Davos's idea to send some of Salladhor Saan's quick ships as a probe. They would have discovered the chain. So really, in the end, and I think they will keep it, Stannis has only himself to blame.Still hope.Ser Imry Florent is being played by Gordon Mahn: http://www.lbmactors...ive_page_id=359
332	Baitac	2012-04-30	The actor's folks probably cheered when he got the part of Rickon, thinking they'd be rich, but with his limited time on screen, they're probably living in a van down by the river.You killed me with this!!!! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> So sad, but true!
					
					
							Edited by Baitac, 30 April 2012 - 10:26 AM.
333	legba11	2012-04-30	I don't think Tywin will know who he has.   He has to leave Harranhal to get to KL during Ep9.  After he leaves we will get the Weasel Soup revolution and the Brave Companions being left in charge.  This will force Arya to escape  despite it being in the hands of :"her people". It wouldn't shock me if they end her season with her being scooped up by Sandor.
334	Tytus	2012-04-30	Maybe this has been brought up, I checked back a few pages and didn't see anything on it, but the part with the vault... Valyrian stone? Was this material ever mentioned in the books?
335	AegorRivers	2012-04-30	Anyone think the two orphan boys Bran gives to the farmer/herder will be the boys that Theon and Reek kill and present as the bodies of Bran and Rickon?
336	dtones520	2012-04-30	I still have my problems with that...due to what we find out from Arya's encounter with FM 'philosophy' in Feast and Dance... George has said he that as a writer he is a 'gardener' not an 'architect' so I will shut up about it and go with George.In the book, Jaqen says the quote pretty much exactly as they said it in the show.  "The Red God must have his due..."  We don't learn anything about the Many Faced God in ACOK, so why would we in the show?
337	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	Maybe this has been brought up, I checked back a few pages and didn't see anything on it, but the part with the vault... Valyrian stone? Was this material ever mentioned in the books?No - not really sure what they were getting at with that statement.
338	Aquaman43	2012-04-30	But there is no nudity in Qarth, so they can't very well be bothered by its existence. The errors of the producers shouldn't reflect on the fact that in conception, the Qartheen fashion -- women with a bare breast, mean in beaded skirts -- is perfectly understandable as cultural dress that doesn't exist to titillate viewers/readers but rather emphasizes the way that Qarth is different, decadent, and strange.Exactly!  They could have gotten rid of the sleazy blowjobs etc, and kept the Qartheen fashion, it would have been way more tasteful, and the demand for nudity would be fulfilled. But no, HBO had to go and do the opposite.This is almost the exact sentiments I had while watching last night. I am really enjoying the series, but I am having some issues with some of the decisions. Why show Roz in whore training and not the proper fashion in Quarth? It just makes me wonder what they will do further down the line, such as in Mereen and the funky dresses and hair styles they have there. Like Ran said, it is part of the culture and style from one place to the next.I watch with my wife, who has not read the books. I look to her reactions for a lot of what goes on. I was good with Renly's death. He was supposed to die, he's dead. I thought the CGI was pretty cool. But last night was the first time I have said, "oh hell no," out load. When Bran starts relaying Jojeen's dream.......that is just not the way it is supposed to be. I can understand the need to consolidate roles and lines, but seriously, two extra kids in the show? At the very least, Meera plays a pretty important role in Bran's life.
339	servethe_Realm	2012-04-30	what the hell was up with Quaithe's mask?? BDSM much? I definitely did not expect that....
340	Ice Turtle	2012-04-30	Did Quaithe really told Jorah she is no one?
341	Arataniello	2012-04-30	what the hell was up with Quaithe's mask?? BDSM much? I definitely did not expect that....I always pictured it as a smooth one-piece mask, kind of like a Japanese medieval theater mask.  TheAnd Pyat Pree - one of "the Thirteen"??  It's the unnecessary changes that are made for the TV series that are perhaps the most frustrating.
					
					
							Edited by Arataniello, 30 April 2012 - 11:01 AM.
342	BlackTalon	2012-04-30	There was no vault in the books ... and by the way: it is supposedly made of Valyrian STONE???
I really liked BrienneÂ´s fighting scene, very badass.
this is the second time we see somebody killed by apparently having a sword somehow stuck down their back from above (the first was Yoren) ... how is this supposed to work? I doubt the sword can be slid between vertebrae that way and the subclavia is between neck and clavicle, down from your left shoulder...
343	Ser_Niall	2012-04-30	I always pictured it as a smooth one-piece mask, kind of like a Japanese medieval theater mask.  TheAnd Pyat Pree - one of "the Thirteen"??  It's the unnecessary changes that are made for the TV series that are perhaps the most frustrating.I don't think it was unnecessary.  The show needs to explain how magic used to be a myth and legend, and how it is now coming back into the world.  Hence, you have Pyat Pree at the party thrown by the 13, being ridiculed by Xaro because of his "parlor tricks".  When Dany goes to the House of the Undying, and they show her that magic is indeed a real thing now, it will be much more dramatic for the viewer.Books are allowed to be subtle, the show has to put it right up front and in your face, or else it gets lost.
344	JonHo	2012-04-30	Wow the really fucked up Loras didn't they! that sucks.
But Gendry and Jaqen.
 /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
345	servethe_Realm	2012-04-30	Also, was reading back a bit...dunno if anyone else said this, however Jaqen's reference to the three lives taken from the Red God....perhaps he said that because Arya saved them from fire (burning cage)...and the red god deals in fire?
Dunno but I loved Jaqen's character, a girl thinks a man is very sexy.
346	Goodbrother	2012-04-30	Did Quaithe really told Jorah she is no one?No. The dialogue was strictly between Dany and Quaithe with Jorah as a stand-by. ".From her Dany received only one warning. 'beware,' the woman in the red lacquer mask said.'Of whom?''Of all. They shall come day and night to see the wonder that has been born again into the world, and when they see they shall lust. For dragons are fire made flesh, and fire is power'"I find it a bit disturbing that the dialogue was towards Jorah instead, without Dany even present, since this dialogue itself makes Dany start thinking back to the whole Drogo situation with Mirri Maz Duur.It feels they are blowing up the whole love story between Dany and Jorah. Even though it gets pretty essential in the coming events/books they could have kept it a bit more subtle this early in the story.
347	Lyonel B	2012-04-30	Edited due to shit memory.
					
					
							Edited by Lyonel B, 30 April 2012 - 11:44 AM.
348	modehead	2012-04-30	My crackpot theory for a book-to-TV change: Jaquen is going to kill Tywin.
349	modehead	2012-04-30	When Bran starts relaying Jojeen's dream.......that is just not the way it is supposed to be. I can understand the need to consolidate roles and lines, but seriously, two extra kids in the show? At the very least, Meera plays a pretty important role in Bran's life.It's not just two extra kids though.  The whole Reed family, and associated mythology, has been re-written so far.
350	Crown	2012-04-30	My crackpot theory for a book-to-TV change: Jaquen is going to kill Tywin.That's not going to happen. I'm sure of that. They won't kill of such a brilliant character, played by such a brilliant actor when it's not necessary. His end will come soon, by the hands of his son.
351	Arataniello	2012-04-30	I don't think it was unnecessary.  The show needs to explain how magic used to be a myth and legend, and how it is now coming back into the world.  Hence, you have Pyat Pree at the party thrown by the 13, being ridiculed by Xaro because of his "parlor tricks".  When Dany goes to the House of the Undying, and they show her that magic is indeed a real thing now, it will be much more dramatic for the viewer.Books are allowed to be subtle, the show has to put it right up front and in your face, or else it gets lost.In the show I watched last night, Xaro said that Pyat Pree is "on of the Thirteen", this being the collective term for the rulers of Qarth.In the book I read, Pyat Pree and the warlocks are completely separate from The Thirteen, who are described in terms that indicate they are one of three merchant guilds/cartels that compete against one another in Qarth.Like I said, an unnecessary change.
352	Goodbrother	2012-04-30	Why do people keep repeating this? I've seen it in about 5 different places at this stage. I'm almost 100% certain that it is Bran who has the dream about the sea coming to Winterfell. He tells the dream to Jojen, but it's Bran's dream.I just read that part, and it's Jojjen who has the dream, right after the raven from Robb arrives. It's here where Bran starts to believe Jojjen is a green-seer and not just pretending.He explains that he sees both winterfell cepton, maester and even their Blacksmith (Mikken)
353	Lord Godric	2012-04-30	It's not just two extra kids though.  The whole Reed family, and associated mythology, has been re-written so far.They haven't been rewritten, just excluded. I hope they'll stick them in for next season it wouldn't be hard.
354	modehead	2012-04-30	That's not going to happen. I'm sure of that. They won't kill of such a brilliant character, played by such a brilliant actor when it's not necessary. His end will come soon, by the hands of his son.If you had to guess, who will be Jaquen's third kill?
355	modehead	2012-04-30	They haven't been rewritten, just excluded. I hope they'll stick them in for next season it wouldn't be hard.I think they'll definitely stick them in for next season. Bran going north of the wall with just Hodor would be odd.BTW, exclusion is still rewriting. I don't know why you had to take a jab at my point there...
356	Lyonel B	2012-04-30	I just read that part, and it's Jojjen who has the dream, right after the raven from Robb arrives.It's here where Bran starts to believe Jojjen is a green-seer and not just pretending.He explains that he sees both winterfell cepton, maester and even their Blacksmith (Mikken)Yeah I deleted my post almost immediately after posting it. Need to lay off the sour leaf I think.
357	Lord Godric	2012-04-30	I think they'll definitely stick them in for next season. Bran going north of the wall with just Hodor would be odd.BTW, exclusion is still rewriting. I don't know why you had to take a jab at my point there...I just meant its not like we've been explicitly told that Howland Reed wasn't with Ned at the Tower of Joy, or that the Reeds don't live at Greywater Watch or that they aren't bannermen of the Starks. We just haven't been told anything about them yet, which leaves hope that all this can be explained later. But the mythology and the history of the house is still in tact; it just hasn't been revealed to the viewers....yet.
358	Aegnor	2012-04-30	Now, after having seen the episode, I definitely think it would have been better to have the scene with Renly getting stabbed by the shadow monster as the end of the last episode. Melisandre scene happens, it cuts immediately over to the scene with Cat, Renly, and Brienne. Shadow baby appears, stabs Renly, he falls over dead, cut to credits. Then start this episode with the aftermath.
I am a bit uncomfortable with a couple changes. Bran giving the order to send 200 men to Torrhen's Square. That kind of makes what follows his mistake. Along the same lines, Davos being given the command of the attack on the Blackwater Bay. This, again, makes what follows his mistake. They fall into the trap and are destroyed, and so it is Davos that falls into the trap and gets Stannis' army destroyed.
359	legba11	2012-04-30	They have already established (twice) that the lords don't respect Davos.  He will sense the trap, call the warning.  They (including his son) will ignore him and die.
360	Aquaman43	2012-04-30	It's not just two extra kids though.  The whole Reed family, and associated mythology, has been re-written so far.I was thinking casting-wise. Still, there should be enough deaths and endings to certain story arcs the rest of this season and the first part of next season to handle the Reed's story arc. For many of the book readers, the Reed story arc is pretty significant.
361	niA±ostark	2012-04-30	I loved the Jaqen thing and I'm loving Theon and Tyrion arcs.
I'm okay with adaptations and there are gonna be some differences, but there are obvious and significant changes horribly done
I didnÂ´t like Renly's death, it was dull with a horrible razzie performance by Brienne (excellent casting on the looks though)
The whole Qarth arc was very simple to do by the book, the changes seem unnecesary and badly done.
I love Arya, the hatred in her eyes scares me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />, I'm worried about the weasel soup eventually, I hope they don't mess with that
As much as I love the Reed kids, we can live without them... but if I don't get Reek I will cry
					
					
							Edited by niA±ostark, 30 April 2012 - 12:26 PM.
362	Fryie	2012-04-30	I'm lazy, so:
- Gendry shirtless: yay!
- Jon being a spoiled brat: wtf?
363	Ser Hippie	2012-04-30	I am a bit uncomfortable with a couple changes. Bran giving the order to send 200 men to Torrhen's Square. That kind of makes what follows his mistake. Along the same lines,As Bran says - if the Starks don't protect their bannermen, why should their bannermen protect them? The Starks need to defend the North from these attacks with the army down south. It doesn't work out because of Theon, of course, but letting Northern castles and towns fall to the ironborn to stay walled up in safety in Winterfell would have been disastrous as well.
364	Howland Reed	2012-04-30	2 scenes that I really loved.
Brienne Tarth beating the piss out of those 2 guards that came in.  That fight scene, in my opinion, was done very well and showed how strong this girl is, she total pistol whipped the crap out of them.  Just thought they portrayed her fighting prowess very well there.
Arya and Tywin.  I got chills when Arya was like... Anyone can die, just staring right at his eyes... That was puuuurfect. God I love that girl.
365	Rockroi	2012-04-30	Yeah, Jon's line was lame.So, when I wrote my original review, I stated that I hated that Jon pined for this assignment; that in the books Halfhand picked Jon... and then I remembered something; I remembered how completely and totaly lame it was that in the books that Half-hand picked Jon.  And so I remoeved that from my original review because the scene in the show is, in my mind, a more realistic assessment of what would have happened.So, let's back up a step.  In the books, Jon Snow is about as action-packed as paste.  He stands around and great, amazing things just happen to him through no action of his own.  When he DOES do bad actions he is praised for it either by other characters (Jon, please don't go South to Robb... we all love you so much; don't desert us... I mean OTHER THAN THE FACT that you clearly are deserting us right now and that's a crime and all....) or the reader (Jon attacking Aliser Thorne to show he has a bad temper is basically an "Imperfection that serves to make Jon more perfect").  In  a nutshell I have routinely lambasted Jon for being a glacier; a man who has great things happen to him but rarely takes action to acheive these great things.  Off the top of my head Jon has a super-bad-ass wolf â<U+0084>c, a Valaryian Steel sword, a hot wilding chick, and becomes Lord Commander of the Watch for doing basically nothing (other than his job, which we are told will "win him no glories" but still somehow wins him a shit load of glories).I really have a big problem with THAT Jon Snow.This Jon Snow? This Jon Snow has some spunk.  He has more drive.  He takes more action.  Classic point- two weeks ago when Jon follows Craster into the woods.  In the book Jon is spared having to take any action that would look pro-active (and its for a reason: whevere a character takes an action they, by nature, piss off any reader who does not like that action; passive characters do not have that problem.  This is a classic problem with Dany- a character who takes tones of chances and actions and is one of the most divisive characters in the books).   Following Craster in the book would have been way, way way too much action for book Jon to be burdened with.  But in the show, this JOn has to be more action-oreintated (time is against the show; stuff has to get done fast).  So Jon following Craster is a fine moment.Getting back to Halfhand, in the books when Quirion picks Jon its hard to crystalize just how horrible the scene is.  Quiron Half-hand, a battle hardened ranger, talks to Jon Snow for 15 seconds before going into the tent and talking to Mormont.  Jon rejoins then maybe 5 minutes later (maximum) and Qurion is asked to pick his ranging crew. Quirion chooses Jon Snow- a boy he literally just met 5 minutes before.  So, yes, of course I will trust my life and the lives of my other men- many I have known for decades -to this boy who has been in the Watch for 8 months (and who, of course, deserted already).  Serioulsy- why does Quiron choose Jon (especially when you consider that Jons mission grows EXPONENTIALLY and therefore Quiron must have had some idea of what the stress would be on Jon)?  It makes literally no sense.  He JUST MET THE BOY!  But in the books its totally cool (because, again, Jon is rewarded opulantly for doing his duty- as I stated many times- Three Fingers Hobb has been cooking for years- where is his Valaryian Steel Butcher's Clever?  How come Jon gets such a reward after being in the Watch for, what, 6 weeks?  No sense.  At all).The fact that Quiron chooses Jon in the books is lame, but its very fast so the reader does not have time to dwell on just how unreaslistic and eye-rolling the scene is.  Its over very quickly.But in the show?  Makes no snese for this guy- Half-hand - to choose Jon without a lobbying effort (basically the writers constructed the scene where it now makes sense because in the books it makes no sense).  So, the writers do something that MArtin (lord praise his name) rarely does- the writers just cut to the chase.  Jon Snow acts- he lobbies for this great oppertunity bbecause TAHT'S WHAT YOUNG MEN DO!  Especially ones in military commands.  It completely and totaly makes perfect sense for Jon to WANT to go on the mission.  So, BOOM!  Jon goes on the mission.  It makes perfect sense; its absolutely clerar and does not seem artificial at all.Now, I am not saying the scene "improves" on the book, but "Show Jon" would act this way because the show has invested this Jon with different traits.  "Book Jon" would not act this way.  He would wait for Half-hand to point at him and say "I choose the little kid I met 5 minutes ago for this death-defying mission."  IN the show, Jon has to lobby for the position and his statements make perfects sense. I prefer the show's version and I understand why the book does not operate that way.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 30 April 2012 - 12:44 PM.
366	IceVyper	2012-04-30	It was in the last episode that I started getting annoyed with the Talisa situation but in this one, there are way too many things bothering me.
*Renly's death and Loras' reaction. He should have gone mad
*Arya revealing that she is from the North. What would a Northern girl be doing in the Riverlands?? The North is still safe and away from the fighting, why would she be inprisonned? She could have easily said that she was from Riverrun, that sigil she must know. The way they played it makes for more interesting TV but it completely unrealistic. Also, Arya becomes what she becomes because she is a little girl that always has to live through horrors. Being a cupbearer in Harrenhal seems like a holiday compared to her experience in the books
*Bran's story seems completely cut off...
*Quarth - I hope that they are keeping this for a future episode but I do hope that Dany will meet Quaithe and get her warnings. If they only leave it ot a Jorah - Quaithe meeting, that would be such a pity.
and my biggest problem is with Jon: it is painful to realize that we are halfway through the season and he's barely had any speaking time. He's shown in group shots, staring at things, listening. Even Sam talks more than him! Also, what were the writers thinking letting him go off scouting without finding the dragonglass and giving Sam a blade??
367	Aegon's Landing	2012-04-30	Everyone's favorite scene between Arya and Tywin...mine too...
I was distraught last week when it was Tywin riding into Harrenhal instead of Bolton, especially because someone as experienced as Tywin wouldnt be lost on the fact that the younger Stark girl was at large.  The scene last night between them, the fact that she lied about her first House to cover for another House that made little sense other than it revealed her as a Northerner. I think Tywin suspected who she was at first sight, and that scene confirmed his suspicions. 
My other worries about the pending House of the Undying  - skipping over the stay in the deserted city before Qarth took away valuable growth time for Drogon et al. He spit a puny puff of fire last night, he's still very much a hatchling. Anyone else concerned about this?
Dani's accelerated story line leaves me worried about Greyworm and the Unsullied. Are they to go the way of the Reeds?
368	Merrett Frey	2012-04-30	I was being facetious.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I think that's understood.However, it seems that no one has told you that using the word "retarded" facetiously is hurtful. Your language seemed especially careless when it came on the heels of your pedantic denunciation of the use of "Viking" as a noun. While controversial, it is in common use in that fashion, even among prominent scholars of Norse history. David Wilson provides an excellent examination of the problems with narrowly defining the term here: http://www.archeurop...the-term-viking. I congratulate you on your precision; please just try to be compassionate when you're throwing around terms that label human beings.Thank you.
369	boojam	2012-04-30	If you had to guess, who will be Jaquen's third kill?Since this is a spoiler section:1) You must not be a reader of the books.2) Wrong question, who does Arya ask for Jaqen kill thrid?Answer: JaqenReason.... it sets up one of the best sequences in CoK, and they if they don't do it , it's pitchforks and torches at HBO's headquarters.Better question who does Arya ask to kill second, in the show that is?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2012 - 01:17 PM.
370	Isabella Stark	2012-04-30	What happened to Cat's entourage? I'm pretty sure she had some guards when she arrived at Renly's camp.Not complaining, just thought it was odd that they disappeared /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I was wondering the same thing
371	Arya The Assassin	2012-04-30	I think this episode was on par with episode 4. I liked the following scenes:Good:Arya's scenes with Jaqen and Lord Tywin. Solid acting and nice dialogue. Maisie looks as cute as ever.The scene where Dany's baby dragon 'prepares' his food. Excellent job on the dragon. Even better than the one in season one.The assassination of Lord Renly: Exactly (or very close to) how I envisioned the scene after reading the book. I wasn't too excited by Gethin Anthony as Renly either.Bad:Nothing in particularThe last two episodes have been relatively well written and well directed, but the sense of excitement and enthusiasm isn't quite there, compared to the best episodes of season one. The series is still going strong though, and based on what I remember from the books, things should get a lot more exciting in the next few episodes.
372	boojam	2012-04-30	In the book, Jaqen says the quote pretty much exactly as they said it in the show.  "The Red God must have his due..."  We don't learn anything about the Many Faced God in ACOK, so why would we in the show?It's not the show I have a bone to pick with, it's George.To much gardening and not enough architecturing.
373	Ravenhair	2012-04-30	I think at this point the "Based on A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin" appearing in the opening credits should be changed to "Vaguely Reminiscent of A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin." 
I could spend days nerd raging and nitpicking, but since we're apparently now dealing with D and D's fan fic version of ASoIaF, I'll just say this:
1.  Maisie Williams and Charles Dance in a scene together-- wonderful.  Maisie's intensity is always a good watch. 
2.  I thought Gwendoline Christie and Michelle Fairley did excellent work with their scenes together. 
3.  Husband fell asleep during the episode, but I was able to get off my nerd raging soapbox and just enjoy because Joe Dempsie was shirtless and Tom Wlaschiha is gorgeous (since they're messing with the story so much, I hope D and D keep his story arc a long one).  Tom did a great job with Jaqen; I always wondered how that character could have the women swooning and yet be a cool FM.  (Maybe the red and white striped hair threw me off).  I know now......
4.  I never liked the physical description of Jorah Mormont in the books, but Iain Glen is so perfect as Jorah that it is amazing. And he looked great in last night's episode too... 
5.  Jerome Flynn is a perfect Bronn.  Like him more and more each episode.
I'll tune in next week for eye candy and the next installment of D and D's AU ASoIaF.
					
					
							Edited by Ravenhair, 30 April 2012 - 01:41 PM.
374	boojam	2012-04-30	This makes sense though...Araya's at large, and Tywin knows he needs her to get Jaime back, and what better way to keep her close at hand than keeping her close as his personal cup bearer?  I know it is a major change from the books, but this scenario actually works better for me.  Tywin might not flay you, but he's every bit as dangerous, if not moreso, than Roose.Even the books point out that Jon and his forces don't want to trade Jamie for Sansa (and Arya, if they knew where she was)... it's Cat who changes that dynamic.So I don't know what Tywin would do with Arya even if he knew...tho D&D have set up a dangerous situation.
375	Ran	2012-04-30	boojam,
I don't see an issue. There's nothing in AFfC that is unambiguously inconsistent with Jaqen's actions at Harrenhal. Anything that may possibly be inconsistent is only a possibility -- we genuinely don't know enough to say it's inconsistent for sure, since we have extremely sparse information on the Faceless Men and the rules by which they operate. Arya off-handedly being told a thing does not make it the end all and be all of that information -- there's always nuance, simplification, etc.
376	imladolen	2012-04-30	What was that door in Qarth?Speaking of that door, what in the Seven Hells is "Valyrian STONE?"Valyrian STEEL I know, but since when is there such a thing as Valyrian stone?????
377	imladolen	2012-04-30	did I hear Jaqen H'ghar say "The Red God"?? so are they combining 2 gods into one now? maybe its just a personal nitpick but how can you do that? the gods in these books aren't some paper-doll gods that can be switched around with no accord, one of the reasons why we love these books so much is that GRRM has everything corned down, including the religious and spiritual side of the ASOIAF universe, each God/belief has their own system and philosophy behind it, to switch them around or combine them would negate the motivations and beliefs behind the followers of each respective God/system, thats like saying: 'nihilism and gnosticism are practically the same thing, no biggie...' it's just ridiculous,Perhaps reading through the entire thread before you comment could help prevent you from looking like a fool as many others on this thread (and last weeks thread comments about the preview for this weeks episode) have already done. ((ETA: of course, I just went against my own statement here, since I have not finished the other pages on this thread, so for all I know, someone has already corrected you LOL, call me a hypocrite all ya want; but my point remains the same, this was brought up MANY times in the first couple of pages, and the posters were corrected each time))Many times on the previous 6 pages of comments in this thread the issue you mention has been debunked.Jaqen does mention the Red God in this scene in the books. IT IS KNOWN.
					
					
							Edited by imlad, 30 April 2012 - 01:36 PM.
378	Isabella Stark	2012-04-30	Interestingly, My book-reader friends and I thought this episode was great, but our friend who hasn't read the books just thought it was just meh and not much happened.I'm concerned that Drogon is too puny and his fire breathing is too weak to do what he does in the House of the Undying.Rockroi at # 368: good argument on the Jon volunteers scene.  I still thought he was a little too whiny about it.  Oh well. So was Luke Skywalked in Star Wars:)It's not how I pictured North of the Wall, but Iceland looks amazing.I seem to be the only person who thought Dany's Quarth dress was really ugly.edited to fix a typo
					
					
							Edited by Isabella Stark, 30 April 2012 - 01:44 PM.
379	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-30	I don't think Quorin picking Jon was all that surprising in the books.  In the books their mission was simply to scout, not "assassination" as in the TV show, and Quorin makes it clear that he wanted having a well trained Direwolf along would help them in their scouting.  He takes Jon because Jon commands Ghost, but he was more probably more interested in having Ghost come than Jon.
380	Ice Turtle	2012-04-30	So, when I wrote my original review, I stated that I hated that Jon pined for this assignment; that in the books Halfhand picked Jon... and then I remembered something; I remembered how completely and totaly lame it was that in the books that Half-hand picked Jon.  And so I remoeved that from my original review because the scene in the show is, in my mind, a more realistic assessment of what would have happened.So, let's back up a step.  In the books, Jon Snow is about as action-packed as paste.  He stands around and great, amazing things just happen to him through no action of his own.  When he DOES do bad actions he is praised for it either by other characters (Jon, please don't go South to Robb... we all love you so much; don't desert us... I mean OTHER THAN THE FACT that you clearly are deserting us right now and that's a crime and all....) or the reader (Jon attacking Aliser Thorne to show he has a bad temper is basically an "Imperfection that serves to make Jon more perfect").  In  a nutshell I have routinely lambasted Jon for being a glacier; a man who has great things happen to him but rarely takes action to acheive these great things.  Off the top of my head Jon has a super-bad-ass wolf â<U+0084>c, a Valaryian Steel sword, a hot wilding chick, and becomes Lord Commander of the Watch for doing basically nothing (other than his job, which we are told will "win him no glories" but still somehow wins him a shit load of glories).I really have a big problem with THAT Jon Snow.This Jon Snow? This Jon Snow has some spunk.  He has more drive.  He takes more action.  Classic point- two weeks ago when Jon follows Craster into the woods.  In the book Jon is spared having to take any action that would look pro-active (and its for a reason: whevere a character takes an action they, by nature, piss off any reader who does not like that action; passive characters do not have that problem.  This is a classic problem with Dany- a character who takes tones of chances and actions and is one of the most divisive characters in the books).   Following Craster in the book would have been way, way way too much action for book Jon to be burdened with.  But in the show, this JOn has to be more action-oreintated (time is against the show; stuff has to get done fast).  So Jon following Craster is a fine moment.Getting back to Halfhand, in the books when Quirion picks Jon its hard to crystalize just how horrible the scene is.  Quiron Half-hand, a battle hardened ranger, talks to Jon Snow for 15 seconds before going into the tent and talking to Mormont.  Jon rejoins then maybe 5 minutes later (maximum) and Qurion is asked to pick his ranging crew. Quirion chooses Jon Snow- a boy he literally just met 5 minutes before.  So, yes, of course I will trust my life and the lives of my other men- many I have known for decades -to this boy who has been in the Watch for 8 months (and who, of course, deserted already).  Serioulsy- why does Quiron choose Jon (especially when you consider that Jons mission grows EXPONENTIALLY and therefore Quiron must have had some idea of what the stress would be on Jon)?  It makes literally no sense.  He JUST MET THE BOY!  But in the books its totally cool (because, again, Jon is rewarded opulantly for doing his duty- as I stated many times- Three Fingers Hobb has been cooking for years- where is his Valaryian Steel Butcher's Clever?  How come Jon gets such a reward after being in the Watch for, what, 6 weeks?  No sense.  At all).The fact that Quiron chooses Jon in the books is lame, but its very fast so the reader does not have time to dwell on just how unreaslistic and eye-rolling the scene is.  Its over very quickly.But in the show?  Makes no snese for this guy- Half-hand - to choose Jon without a lobbying effort (basically the writers constructed the scene where it now makes sense because in the books it makes no sense).  So, the writers do something that MArtin (lord praise his name) rarely does- the writers just cut to the chase.  Jon Snow acts- he lobbies for this great oppertunity bbecause TAHT'S WHAT YOUNG MEN DO!  Especially ones in military commands.  It completely and totaly makes perfect sense for Jon to WANT to go on the mission.  So, BOOM!  Jon goes on the mission.  It makes perfect sense; its absolutely clerar and does not seem artificial at all.Now, I am not saying the scene "improves" on the book, but "Show Jon" would act this way because the show has invested this Jon with different traits.  "Book Jon" would not act this way.  He would wait for Half-hand to point at him and say "I choose the little kid I met 5 minutes ago for this death-defying mission."  IN the show, Jon has to lobby for the position and his statements make perfects sense. I prefer the show's version and I understand why the book does not operate that way.I've always got the feeling that he choose Jon only because he has Ghost. So it was Ghost he choose not Jon /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
381	Ice Turtle	2012-04-30	I don't think Quorin picking Jon was all that surprising in the books.  In the books their mission was simply to scout, not "assassination" as in the TV show, and Quorin makes it clear that he wanted having a well trained Direwolf along would help them in their scouting.  He takes Jon because Jon commands Ghost, but he was more probably more interested in having Ghost come than Jon.You were quicker, but we seem to agree.
382	Rockroi	2012-04-30	I've always got the feeling that he choose Jon only because he has Ghost. So it was Ghost he choose not Jon /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The Scabbard said as much and I am not sure I buy it.  If you can provide the quote where Halfhand says (or even implies) that he chose Jon at least in part because of the Direwolf I would love to take a gander at that.  However, in my mind Ghost was, at best, a factor, but not dispositive.  I mean if Jon was a fuck-up, but somehow controlled Ghost that's not a good reason to choose Jon.  I think Quiron chose Jon because he thought Jon had "tremendous up-side"; that with his heritage etc that COULD mean Jon could do well.  But is that any reason to chose somebody after 5 minutes?  Really do not think so.  I think the ranging party always had the chance to transform into a much bigger operation and therefore I would think Halfhand would be circumspect in his decision.
383	Narrow C	2012-04-30	Regarding the complaints that we get nude brothel scenes but not one-boob Quarth scenes... note that HBO has made a lot of money off of cleaning up The Sopranos so A&E could show it. They can do that because most of the scenes with nudity are just there for that purpose, and don't advance the story arc too much; they can be cut down enough to get the point across without showing anything you can't show on normal cable TV. Assuming that someday GoT will go through the same process, they can take out brothel scenes completely and still have a decent storyline. So much info is given during the Quartheen Garden Party, though (and the entire stay in Quarth), it's pretty crucial to have it, and they couldn't do so with half-top dresses on every woman in the scene.
384	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-30	Before reading the 20 pages of reactions, here are my thoughts:
- This episode was a bit slow, and I don't remember many really cool moments, other than Arya staring down Tywin after she says "Anyone can be killed."  THAT was great.
- The shadow was done well, I think, although I was a bit uncomfortable with how much time elapsed after Brienne killed the tent guards.  It seemed like FOREVER until someone else approached.  Given how much noise they made fighting, wouldn't someone else have gotten there quicker?  Oh well, that's a nitpick.  Overall, I really like the way they've done Brienne's character, and the scene with her and Cat was well done.
- I like the expansions they've made on Loras and Margaery's characters.  It will be interesting to see how Margaery does with playing a completely innocent young woman once they get to King's Landing.  And while it may not have been explicit in the books, there was indication that Loras wanted vengeance on Stannis.  For example, he was incredibly eager to be the one to lead the attack on Dragonstone, probably for that reason.
- My guess is that Osha replaces Jojen and Meera.  She's a wildling and the show has portrayed her as someone who knows about mysterious/magical things.  I have a feeling a lot of people are going to be upset by this, but I'm all for it.  I never got into Jojen and Meera's characters in the book.  Osha is more interesting to me.
- Tyrion's scenes didn't steal the show like they have in each previous episode this season.  His conversation with Lancel was just a bit off, in my opinion; too much talking over each other.  I did like Cersei's scene, which made it clear that she's willing to drink to cope with her problems.  The wildfire stuff was fine, but are we going to see Tyrion building the chain?
- Dany's scenes were okay, but, like in the books, she's so far away from the rest of the action that I have a hard time getting into her story.  The Dothraki arguing about how to loot the jeweled statues was pretty funny.  And her scene with Jorah was very well done.
- The Fist of the First Men should have been in the forest.  I understand they have to use what geography is available to them, but what the heck sense does it make to camp up on this exposed rock in the middle of open land?  In the book, I got the sense that the fist at least offered a bit of protection from the elements.  This is just out there for everyone to see, and for them to freeze.  Did anyone else have a totally different picture in their head of the Fist?
- Arya is so awesome.  So very, very awesome.
385	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-30	Oh, and count me among those who are glad they didn't do one-boob Qartheen dresses.  Unnecessary.
386	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-30	Well it's never said out loud since we don't get Qhorin's POV but it can be inferred from the text.
The first time Qhorin meets Jon, he asks "It's said that a direwolf runs with you."   Basically indicating that fact above all else interests him.
And when he asks for Jon to come, he says " The old gods are still strong beyond the wall, the gods of the First Men, and the Starks."  I take that as he believes that the Stark's supernatural connection to the Old Gods (of which the only manifestation so far any one can see is in Ghost) would be of benefit.
And after Mormont agrees to let Jon go, literally the first thing Qhorin says to Jon as they leave the tent is "We ride at noon, best find that wolf of yours."  So in very scant few sentences we see Qhorin speak, he bring up the wolf time and again. He's clearly interested in Jon because he's got Stark blood and he's got Ghost.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 30 April 2012 - 02:45 PM.
387	sharkhawk	2012-04-30	Does anyone have a theory as to what the gate was for.  We know from the books that the shadow could not get through to storms end because of socery built into the walls, so Davos had to get Mel under the castle.  Here Renley was in a tent, that didn't seem that close to the sea. 
Did they film it anticipating a storms end scene later, or just do it because it looks and sounds so cool.
388	BabyMeraxes	2012-04-30	Emilia as Dany and every moment of Qarth is giving me everything I need. When I saw Quaithe in that mask, I did NOT know how to act. I was so nervous for this season, but they keep exceeding my expectations. I just want to see Viserion and Rhaegal.
389	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-30	Does anyone have a theory as to what the gate was for.  We know from the books that the shadow could not get through to storms end because of socery built into the walls, so Davos had to get Mel under the castle.  Here Renley was in a tent, that didn't seem that close to the sea.Did they film it anticipating a storms end scene later, or just do it because it looks and sounds so cool.My guess is they just did it because it looks cool.  In order for it to make sense, you have to infer a couple things.  1. That Melisandre needs to be within a certain distance of Renly to send the shadow, or that the shadow can't travel over water, or some such thing.  2. That Renly has posted sentries on the shore (which was confirmed this week) and so a simple shore landing in the open wasn't possible.I doubt they bring up magic in the walls of Storm's End at this point to retroactively explain the smuggling scene.
390	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-30	I have to admit, I have zero recollection of Quaithe from the books (which I've read twice).  Is she important in any significant way?
391	Fengari	2012-04-30	* No problems with the looks of the shadow. Yes, it's not exactly as described in the books, but that's just a matter of aesthetics. It would have been weird to have a 2D shadow on the tent wall after the 3D shadow creature we saw being born the previous episode. This was more consistent. I do agree something felt wrong with the pacing of the scene, though. Especially panning out to show the whole tent after all the close-ups felt forced. I can only imagine it is because they originally wanted to do it more like the book, then changed their minds afterwards.
* Brienne killing the guards: nothing wrong with that as far as I'm concerned. I actually think their escape from the tent makes more sense to me than Cat being able to convince one of them that Stannis did it. After all, the guards see Brienne, Cat, and a dead King. Magic is just 'reborn' so it is not as if they have lived with the concept all their lives. It didn't really make much sense to me that someone would believe the word of Cat (who's not even on their side) above what they can see with their own eyes.
* Oh wait. Loras obviously just made the conclusion it couldn't have been Brienne and Cat but had to have been Stannis. He didn't see the shadow or even hear about it, but he obviously thinks the only thing important about solving a murder is motive. Circumstances and the fact that Stannis is nowhere around obviously don't matter...  What?
* "Do you want to be a Queen? No ... I want to be THE Queen". Great line. It looks more and more like she will actually take the Queen of Thorn's role herself instead of just being her grandmother's pawn (which was how I judged her in the books). I think having a strong elderly woman in the show would have been great, but I do love the new Margaery.
* At last someone in Kings Landing realises there might be trouble ahead... I was starting to think Stannis was going to have to burn his own ships... Still no chain though.
* Loved Tyrion and Lancel in that small, small carrying chair /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> and Bronn's "It will be my pleasure" and that grin.
* Stannis and Davos: this is the first time Stannis feels like the real Stannis to me. Not sure about the changes: why put Davos in charge of the fleet? Will they pin the failure on him? He's even apologising in advance: "my time on the seas was spent evading ships, not attacking them".
* Tyrion taking a stroll through King's Landing: this whole scene felt wrong. We see a fishmonger with crates full of fish, a farmer selling fresh fruit, and a stand with vegetables. I thought the people of King's Landing were supposed to be half-starving and pretty hostile against their rulers in the Red Keep by now? The guy criticising them and the few people cheering him on must be a very small minority, because most of the people seem to just ignore the 'demon monkey' as he is walking amongst them with only one guard...
* Theon being his own arrogant self once again, only to be taken down a peg by his own crew. Good thing he has Dagmer to all but tell him what he needs to do to gain their (and his father's) respect. (Can you tell I really don't like this guy?) I've been on the fence about this, but I am starting to like Yara. She's sassy and down-to-earth enough to make her place amongst her men make sense.
* The Tywin and Arya scene was awesome, but left me wondering. Why does Tywin take this attitude from his cupbearer? Does he suspect who she really is? If so, what does that mean for the rest of Arya's arc? Though I would have loved to see Arya's story closer to the books, some part of me likes that it has been mixed up so. It leaves me wondering what will happen at Harrenhal, a kind of suspense I would never have felt if everything remained as in the books, of course.
* A man looks really sexy.
* I hardly recognised The Fist. Nothing at all like the description in the book, but amazing scenery! And Ghost, just being there, without him actually having to be in the image because of the story. Did they have a little bit of budget leftover after all? Good exposition by Sam, too. From him, it didn't feel forced at all, especially with the 'you read it in a book' comment from Ed.
* Couldn't help but think, in a castle lit by candles and fires, having indirect lighting coming from behind/between the pots of wildfire seems a bit imprudent. Tyrion needs to have a word with the castle's interior designers, as well as making men practice with the empty pots.
* Drogon is so cute when he tries to breathe fire and only coughs up some smoke at first. Also, yay, a glimpse of a second dragon!
* After showing all the rather pointless nudity we've seen before, HBO decides to do away with the tokar. The fashion could easily have been explained in the dialogue between Dany, Doreah and Irri.The excuse of it being too distracting doesn't make sense, as in the first season whole expositions were being made over whores doing each other.  And it's not like we haven't seen Dany's breasts before. Why would we be distracted by a mere bare breast and not by two girls having sex? I can only think that extras willing to have one bare breast in the garden scene were more expensive than fully clothed extras.
* Pryat Pree looks creepy enough, that was a good introduction. Same with Quaithe, although I really saw her mask differently.
* Good scene of Brienne swearing her loyalty to Catelyn. A bit strange that they are alone there, yes, but it is very possible that Catelyns escort is a bit further away, giving the women a bit of privacy.
* Bran is learning quickly about how to be a good lord. And Rickon is shown for the halfwild boy he has become. 
* Looks like Jojen and Meera's essential plotpoints will be taken over by Osha and Bran. I don't really mind, I like Osha in the show and think she can make up for Meera and Jojen, assuming she comes with Bran. It makes me wonder who will be with Rickon, but I suppose, as we don't get to see that arc, that doesn't really matter that much. Also, why did the crow become a raven?
* Didn't care for the change to how Jon gets to go with Qhorin. In the books it is obviously Qhorin who wants him there, not so much here. Also Jon's bragging about killing the Wight and Mormonts response about Craster is a big change to their relationship. Gotta love Sam for offering to do his friend's work so he can become the ranger he wanted to be, though. Who will find the dragonglass now?
* Vault? Valyrian stone? Ser Jorah wanting her to sail to Westeros with one ship?
* Shirtless Gendry, and Arya notices how broad a target that would make /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
* The tickler dead already, makes me wonder who Arya is going to kill. Doesn't really matter (the 'is there gold in the village' scene was great in the book, but I doubt it would come over well on TV, seeing how much time there is between both scenes.) but i hope they won't have her not kill someone. I loved the tiniest of smiles on Arya's face when she realises the power she has. I wonder who she's going to pick next.
Overall, I liked the episode. Lots of changes, but nothing i can't live with...
392	Fez	2012-04-30	I have to admit, I have zero recollection of Quaithe from the books (which I've read twice).  Is she important in any significant way?Not really. All she does is show up from time to time to tell Dany that "to go West you must go East". The problem is that Dany has shown no inclination to go East, GRRM has said that we won't see Asshai (which is to the East), and there are only two books left and Dany really needs to start heading towards Westeros.
393	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-30	I have to admit, I have zero recollection of Quaithe from the books (which I've read twice).  Is she important in any significant way?Depends how much value you place on prophecies etc.. She shows up to give some very cryptic advice to Dany once or twice, including some rather key pieces of info... like the "Mummer's Dragon."
394	sarah.jenice	2012-04-30	I don't like Davos potentially taking the fall for Blackwater.That was the first thing I thought! Davos is constantly thinking how he would have done that attack differently, and I would hate it if he makes the blunders that cause them all to suffer so horribly.
395	Ghost714	2012-04-30	Well it's never said out loud since we don't get Qhorin's POV but it can be inferred from the text.The first time Qhorin meets Jon, he asks "It's said that a direwolf runs with you."   Basically indicating that fact above all else interests him.And when he asks for Jon to come, he says " The old gods are still strong beyond the wall, the gods of the First Men, and the Starks."  I take that as he believes that the Stark's supernatural connection to the Old Gods (of which the only manifestation so far any one can see is in Ghost) would be of benefit.And after Mormont agrees to let Jon go, literally the first thing Qhorin says to Jon as they leave the tent is "We ride at noon, best find that wolf of yours."  So in very scant few sentences we see Qhorin speak, he bring up the wolf time and again. He's clearly interested in Jon because he's got Stark blood and he's got Ghost.Thank you so much for responding to that ridiculous ass post, I was getting so worried that it was going to go unchecked for pages.Qhorin definitely chose Jon in the book because, "the old powers were awakening", and he spotted Jon as a Warg. Qhorin knew having a son of Winterfell would be helpful now that the old magic has woken up, because the Starks have the blood of the First men, so the Old gods are strong in them. You know not to take a post seriously about how "Jon shouldn't have been chosen", when you see the poster can't even spell the Halfhand's name right. Some expert they are. I am sorry for being harsh, it just makes me very angry when someone goes into some long ass rant about how Jon should not have been chosen, they make it so long, constantly repeating themselves, "trying to make such a strong point", and they have no idea what they are talking about.Jon getting Longclaw is not some undeserved gift either. Yes it was Jon's job to try and save Commander Mormont, but trying and succeeding are two different things. Jon did not just try and save Mormont, he succeeded at saving Mormont, he managed to kill the Wight without getting himself, or Mormont killed. Mind you, it took multiple men of the Nights Watch to kill the other Wight named Jafer Flowers, but not befor that Wight killed Ser Jaremy Rykkar, the acting First Ranger in Benjen Starks absence. Also, if people want to get technical, about Jon's "job", it was Jon's "job" to stay in his sleeping cell like he was ordered to. Jon however followed his gut, and he left the cell, when he opened his cell door, Jon found the guard that was posted to make sure he didn't leave, and that guard had his head completely twisted around. After seeing that, most people would get scared and run for help, especially most greenboys, but Jon is brave enough to go check on the Old Bear before going for help, and that is what made all the difference in saving Lord Commander Mormonts life. That's another part of the reason why he deserved Longclaw.So the old Bear finds his family sword, after the fire, and he decides to give the sword to Jon, a surraget son, who happened to save his life. What doesn't make sense about that? Some people think Jeor should have sent Longclaw back to Bear Island, they think that would have made more sense. I don't understand that line of thinking. Jeor had just convinced Jon that their war against the Others and Wildlings was way more important than Jon going South to help Robb fight his war. So after Jeor having just said that to Jon, people think he should be a hypocrite and send his Valyrian Steel sword back to Bear Island, instead of giving it to a gifted young Swordsmen who is about to go on a Ranging North of the Wall, against the Wildlings and Others?? So how would it have made any sense for Jeor to have told Jon to forget about his family, because they have more important things to deal with, while at the same time thinking a Valyrian Steel sword would be of more use going South with his sister to fight the Lannisters, instead of going North to fight the Others???Oh, and this same gifted young swordsman just happened to save his life on top of it.That's why it makes sense that Jeor gave Jon LongclawGods, why can't people actually take their blinders off and think about something???
396	Jaxom 1974	2012-04-30	Well, unlike in the books, no one really blames Brienne.  Everyone is just confused and doesn't know what really happened.And such is the shame of the cuts and story trimming that had to happen.  That Brienne was made a member of Renly's Kingguard (why not call it the Rainbow Guard anyway?), yet not knowing any of the others other than Loras, well that's really dampened the emotional aspect of the whole scene.  And having Loras blame Stannis, rather than Brienne?  That just takes a whole lot of sting out of her character arc after her trip with Jaime.  Pretty much everything about Renly on the show has been weak.  Possibly my least favorite aspect of the adaptation.It would also seem that we're not likely to get Mace Tyrell or any of the others to the extent that they deserve to flesh out the whole Tyrell/Lannister alliance.I think the scene in the House of the Undying will be that Dany goes in, they cut to a different scene, (preferably Jon, blue rose and all that). Cut back to Quarth, Dany comes stumbling out, Pyat Pree goes mental, Jorah cuts him down. Later she recounts what she saw. The scene is too trippy for viewers to make sense of anyway, it would be like a David Lynch movie.Folks are being way too optomistic.  If we get any kind of scene in the House of the Undying, it'll be nothing like the scene in the book.  Too much has been altered or left out for any of the scenes to make any realistic sense.  Any sightings of Rhaegar will be lost on the non book reading audience as Jon's parentage has not really felt like much of a sub-plot at all in the show and remember, the name of the television adaptation is "A Game of Throne" not "A Song of Ice and Fire".  To have Rhaegar appear and talk about it will certainly be much more confusing.  The foreshadowing of the Red Wedding?  Bet we don't see it.  Television won't want to take a chance to spoil the reveal or power of it.  Other images?  Does it matter?  The house with the red door in Pentos? Perhaps there will be new images for the show, but somehow I just don't see the scene being much.  Too much of the overall story feels neutered from the books to make as much of an impact on the show.  Just an opinion though and I hope to be wrong.As to the rest of the episode?  It was good, but as mentioned, the Shadow Baby fell flat.  When we saw a clear image of Renly's shadow on the tent, I thought for sure it was going to come alive and we'd see things go properly.  Instead, we get some odd Death Eater/Lost Smoke Monster imagery that never actually looked like Stannis.Ah...enough of the griping.  I do, I really do like the show.John
397	FantA´me	2012-04-30	Good points, I think it makes it pretty clear. I'm rather certain that, Halfhand being the expert of "North of the wall he is", he guessed Jon was a warg.Anyway I'm lazy so i'll just say:What about the dragonglass? Are they going to make someone else find it? Or later ? Discovering a weapon that cankill Others seems like a pretty essential element to me ....
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 30 April 2012 - 04:11 PM.
398	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-30	One small thing..
In the books isn't Stannis' health affected after the first shadowbaby appearance.
I dont remember exact quotes I think Davos has a thought that stannis looks like sh** at one point. And i was expecting to see this in the show.
Can anyone confirm this for me?
399	Ghost714	2012-04-30	One small thing..In the books isn't Stannis' health affected after the first shadowbaby appearance.I dont remember exact quotes I think Davos has a thought that stannis looks like sh** at one point. And i was expecting to see this in the show.Can anyone confirm this for me?In the books, Davos thinks Stannis looks ten years older since the last time he saw him, yet in the show they make him more alive and energetic after making the shadow...hmmm
400	Auska	2012-04-30	Late to the conversationâ<U+0080>¦loved the episode, with one caveat:
I'm quite worried about Jaqen talking about the Red God. I'm not sure how they're going to handle Arya later in that case.
401	Ghost714	2012-04-30	Late to the conversationÂ<U+0085>loved the episode, with one caveat:I'm quite worried about Jaqen talking about the Red God. I'm not sure how they're going to handle Arya later in that case.Jaqen talks about the "Red god" in the books too.
402	TheOnionKnight	2012-04-30	Thank you so much for responding to that ridiculous ass post, I was getting so worried that it was going to go unchecked for pages.Jon getting Longclaw is not some undeserved gift either....Oh, and this same gifted young swordsman just happened to save his life on top of it.That's why it makes sense that Jeor gave Jon LongclawGods, why can't people actually take their blinders off and think about something???I think you may be undervaluing a Valyrian sword. In the Blackfyre rebellion, the fact that Daemon had Blackfyre, one of the ancient Targaryen blades, was a HUGE point in his favor in many people's eyes...they literally saw him having the House sword (did the Targ's have more than 2?  Does any other House have more than 1?) as him being the rightful king.Tywin Lannister, one of the most powerful and the richest lords in Westeros, could not get his hands on a Valyrian sword.  Small houses with nothing BUT a Valyrian weapon would not sell him one, no matter what he might have offered.  One of his sons went on a crazy mission to find the ancient Lannister sword, Brightroar, and never returned.Jon Snow gets one handed to him.  This doesn't strike you as...odd?  Easy?I think Rockroi's post was spot on.  Jon has many things handed to him and we cheer him for it.  Take off the blinders, indeed.
403	halfleg	2012-04-30	yes Stannis in the books after the 2nd shadowbaby is looking bad, although I don't think we are directly told that is the reason..	
Overall the writers are doing pretty well including major scenes from the book in the TV series.  It's got to be a tremendous challenge to write something for 10 hours of TV that has so many new characters and such a convoluted plot line.	 It's one of my complaints about the books, much as I loved reading them, that GRRM kills off so many main characters, and introduces so many new ones that frankly aren't that interesting.. it's hard to keep track of the "B" players and certainly hard to keep a TV watching audience's attention with so many new characters jumping in all the time.
That said,  I think they could be spending a little more time explaining wth is going on.  My wife, who has not read the books, is having trouble following the storyline and I think is about ready to give up on it.   For example, she had no idea who Robb was attacking, and where.   They could use a few simple visual devices, like a fade-frame of the map or something, so the viewer could get a sense of where the action was located,  or even subtitles with who some of the characters are, though that might get annoying too..  like I said, it's a challenge.
I'm definitely not liking the Icelandic setting for North of the Wall, majestic as it is.. This is supposed to be heavily forested and not nearly as desolate as all the scenes we are seeing.    It will be interesting to see how the future scenes of the attack upon the wall from "out of the forest" are handled. 
I'm having a feeling the show is going to avoid the whole Beric Dondarrion, Un-Cat thing.   It's just another crazy subplot that I think while cool to some readers (I personally never liked this subplot and thought it was never well explained), might lose the TV crowd. 
It's hard to imagine them keeping up TV interest past the Red Wedding..  unless they set up some of these characters to have more redeeming qualities.   TV audiences like to root for a hero.. there really aren't many of them left by the end of the books..
404	Ghost714	2012-04-30	I think you may be undervaluing a Valyrian sword. In the Blackfyre rebellion, the fact that Daemon had Blackfyre, one of the ancient Targaryen blades, was a HUGE point in his favor in many people's eyes...they literally saw him having the House sword (did the Targ's have more than 2?  Does any other House have more than 1?) as him being the rightful king.Tywin Lannister, one of the most powerful and the richest lords in Westeros, could not get his hands on a Valyrian sword.  Small houses with nothing BUT a Valyrian weapon would not sell him one, no matter what he might have offered.  One of his sons went on a crazy mission to find the ancient Lannister sword, Brightroar, and never returned.Jon Snow gets one handed to him.  This doesn't strike you as...odd?  Easy?I think Rockroi's post was spot on.  Jon has many things handed to him and we cheer him for it.  Take off the blinders, indeed.A fucking Sellsword in the Windblown named Kago has a Valyrian Steel Arakh(which is way more rare than a Valyrian Steel sword) , yeah they are so god like. The point is, you don't sell them. Ever. However, Valyrian Steel swords are given away all the time, when they are passed down from father to son. Jeor lost his son, so he gave it to his surraget son, who happened to save his life, who happeneds to be going North of the Wall to fight Wildlings and the Others, who happens to be the future of the Nights Watch. I would love for you to quote my whole post, obviously you couldn't argue against all of my point, so you had to quote a quarter of it.
405	bloodymime	2012-04-30	I think you may be undervaluing a Valyrian sword.In the Blackfyre rebellion, the fact that Daemon had Blackfyre, one of the ancient Targaryen blades, was a HUGE point in his favor in many people's eyes...they literally saw him having the House sword (did the Targ's have more than 2?  Does any other House have more than 1?) as him being the rightful king.Tywin Lannister, one of the most powerful and the richest lords in Westeros, could not get his hands on a Valyrian sword.  Small houses with nothing BUT a Valyrian weapon would not sell him one, no matter what he might have offered.  One of his sons went on a crazy mission to find the ancient Lannister sword, Brightroar, and never returned.Jon Snow gets one handed to him.  This doesn't strike you as...odd?  Easy?I think Rockroi's post was spot on.  Jon has many things handed to him and we cheer him for it.  Take off the blinders, indeed.How does it undervalue a  Valyrian sword wanting to keep where it's best used? Like I've said in another topic the Night's Watch has just discovered the Others are starting to move against them for the first time in thousands of years at the Watch's weakest moment, you don't send away your best weapon, you wish you had more.And Tywin Lannister is an asshole with the heart of a merchant. His being an scumbag and trying to buy a Valyrian sword and Jon's actions are apples and oranges.
406	FantA´me	2012-04-30	I think you may be undervaluing a Valyrian sword.In the Blackfyre rebellion, the fact that Daemon had Blackfyre, one of the ancient Targaryen blades, was a HUGE point in his favor in many people's eyes...they literally saw him having the House sword (did the Targ's have more than 2?  Does any other House have more than 1?) as him being the rightful king.Tywin Lannister, one of the most powerful and the richest lords in Westeros, could not get his hands on a Valyrian sword.  Small houses with nothing BUT a Valyrian weapon would not sell him one, no matter what he might have offered.  One of his sons went on a crazy mission to find the ancient Lannister sword, Brightroar, and never returned.Jon Snow gets one handed to him.  This doesn't strike you as...odd?  Easy?I think Rockroi's post was spot on.  Jon has many things handed to him and we cheer him for it.  Take off the blinders, indeed. That's just my humble  opinion but i think that it also had to do with Jorah's betrayal. Mormont is a rather old man who doesn't have another son or a brother (as far as i know) and it wouldn't be surprising if he wanted to see Jon as something not to far from a son, one who wouldn't shame him,and Jon has proven he could be courageous and honorable. Or at least as someone to leave his heritage to. That might explain the very generous gesture though I admit it's a bit far-fetched, especially given he hasn't known him for very long.
407	Winter's Knight	2012-04-30	That's just my humble  opinion but i think that it also had to do with Jorah's betrayal. Mormont is a rather old man who doesn't have another son or a brother (as far as i know) and it wouldn't be surprising if he wanted to see Jon as something not to far from a son, one who wouldn't shame him,and Jon has proven he could be courageous and honorable. Or at least as someone to leave his heritage to. That might explain the very generous gesture though I admit it's a bit far-fetched, especially given he hasn't known him for very long.He has daughters who fight and who are just as deserving of the sword.
408	David Selig	2012-04-30	Gods, why can't people actually take their blinders off and think about something??? Your condescending tone is really not helping your argument, you know. All of your arguments have been made plenty of times before and have never convinced me and many other posters, and no, it's not because we are not thinking about the issue...I have to admit, I have zero recollection of Quaithe from the books (which I've read twice).  Is she important in any significant way? No, she just appears from time to time to give Dany some vague warnings and prophesies so people who are so inclined can waste time arguing about them on the Internet, then disappears again. One of the most useless and boring characters in the series.
409	FantA´me	2012-04-30	He has daughters who fight and who are just as deserving of the sword. It doesn't seem quite customary in Westeros to pass precious weapons to daughters. I know Mormont women are deseving warriors but I don't know what his opinion about it is. And he is a man of the Night's Watch so he's supposed to forget about his past bonds. Again ,only my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 30 April 2012 - 05:21 PM.
410	TheOnionKnight	2012-04-30	Actually, Ghost714, your post was quite long and I didn't want to take up a lot of the page requoting something everyone had already read.
But by all means, continuing being belligerent.
411	J_Crews	2012-04-30	After giving Bran the greendreams and Theon coming  fast I've made my peace not expecting the Reeds anymore. They've got a pretty big actress playing Osha and there's no way they're going to have her go off and disappear for who knows how many more books with Rickon unless she has to stop doing the show.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ What I've been saying for weeks.
412	Arkash	2012-04-30	After giving Bran the greendreams and Theon coming fast I've made my peace not expecting the Reeds anymore. They've got a pretty big actress playing Osha and there's no way they're going to have her go off and disappear for who knows how many more books with Rickon unless she has to stop doing the show.It is possible to make Bran's story with Osha, it can have interesting dynamics... I dont think it will be such a major problem to cut out the Reeds...The problem is for Rickon, but from Bran's vision, only Rodrik will die, Rickon will definitly leave with Luwin, I guess...And since the writers said some characters will be delayed, I'm quite sure Ramsay and the Tully are for next season.
413	J_Crews	2012-04-30	Anyone think the two orphan boys Bran gives to the farmer/herder will be the boys that Theon and Reek kill and present as the bodies of Bran and Rickon? Yep
414	woh dak nag gram	2012-04-30	Don't know if it has been mentioned above, but one part I found absolutely awesome was when the Great Ranging were on top of the Fist of the First Men, and Sam was talking about all the various races that inhabit Westeros.  When he gets to the First Men, he mentions that he wonders what the First Men looked like, and as he's pondering, the camera pans right to reveal Jon Snow.
Pretty cool stuff!
415	SynthFG	2012-04-30	The Guy Tywin sent home,
Was his first name similar to Jeyne Westerling's father in the books, begins with R ?
Given the rumours that Jeyne's last name has been changed to Lannister would this make sense to have her father hurt from his dismissal being a minor plot point around the romance
416	J_Crews	2012-04-30	As Bran says - if the Starks don't protect their bannermen, why should their bannermen protect them? The Starks need to defend the North from these attacks with the army down south. It doesn't work out because of Theon, of course, but letting Northern castles and towns fall to the ironborn to stay walled up in safety in Winterfell would have been disastrous as well.I agree.  I was very impressed with how very lordly Bran was in that respect.
417	bloodymime	2012-04-30	It is possible to make Bran's story with Osha, it can have interesting dynamics... I dont think it will be such a major problem to cut out the Reeds...The problem is for Rickon, but from Bran's vision, only Rodrik will die, Rickon will definitly leave with Luwin, I guess...And since the writers said some characters will be delayed, I'm quite sure Ramsay and the Tully are for next season. Yep, and as much as I do like the Reeds it makes more sense for Osha to be taking Bran beyond the Wall in the first place. If you're Bran who do you want to be travelling with just in terms of survival, the crannogmen that have never left the Neck before now or the wildling who's originally from North of the Wall?Without the  green dreams what possible advantage is there of the Reeds over Osha. We've already lost the Tower of Joy scene so I'd not be expecting the Knight of the Laughing Tree either. Maybe they think these backstories would just be muddying the waters of so many plotlines to begin with.
418	TheOnionKnight	2012-04-30	The Guy Tywin sent home,Was his first name similar to Jeyne Westerling's father in the books, begins with R ?Given the rumours that Jeyne's last name has been changed to Lannister would this make sense to have her father hurt from his dismissal being a minor plot point around the romanceIt sounded like he said Reginald?  Jeyne's father was Gawen Westerling.  Though her brothers were Raynald and Rollam.
419	bloodymime	2012-04-30	I agree.  I was very impressed with how very lordly Bran was in that respect.Liked that little nod of approval Rodrick gave him too.
420	J_Crews	2012-04-30	The Guy Tywin sent home,Was his first name similar to Jeyne Westerling's father in the books, begins with R ?Given the rumours that Jeyne's last name has been changed to Lannister would this make sense to have her father hurt from his dismissal being a minor plot point around the romanceInteresting...
421	The Second Hand	2012-04-30	Finally. An episode that works on every level -- story, drama, character, and humor. Wow. Best episode of the entire show so far.
422	SynthFG	2012-04-30	It sounded like he said Reginald?  Jeyne's father was Gawen Westerling.  Though her brothers were Raynald and Rollam.Knew there were R's in there somewhere something to keep an eye out for
423	Balefont	2012-04-30	I think Rockroi's post was spot on.  Jon has many things handed to him and we cheer him for it.  Take off the blinders, indeed.Yep, my second read through (of seven) I actually like the character of Jhn less.  He seemed an angsty, whiny teen to me.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 30 April 2012 - 05:54 PM.
424	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-30	I have to say i loved everything in this episode but did not know what to make of Quaith ( forgive the spelling) the masque was  strange. i hope she will talk to Dany though.
Love A man,  handsome looking ,and those eyes and lips.... more please.
No sex scene was a plus
I really do not like this Stannis even more than the book one.
Brienne was brilliant, i was very glad the see Q Halfhand, thought he was not cast so can i hope for my Reed?
Dragon and of course my Ghost  Amen!
Aryan did make me laugh when she could not remember the house sigil ( I thought poor girl she must be wishing she had paid more attention at Septa's lesson.) thank  the gods Tywing gave her a second chance.
Love qarth it did look very rich and beautiful.
Bronn and tyrion  +++++
					
					
							Edited by ghost the direwolf, 30 April 2012 - 05:56 PM.
425	J_Crews	2012-04-30	... it seems that no one has told you that using the word "retarded" facetiously is hurtful. Your language seemed especially careless when it came on the heels of your pedantic denunciation of the use of "Viking" as a noun. While controversial, it is in common use in that fashion, even among prominent scholars of Norse history. David Wilson provides an excellent examination of the problems with narrowly defining the term here: http://www.archeurop...the-term-viking. I congratulate you on your precision; please just try to be compassionate when you're throwing around terms that label human beings.Thank you.Wow.  Okay.  You and all others here have my apologies.  But, for the record, I would argue that getting offended by the use of a word is a bit more PC than most people on this board have ever seemed to come across in the time I was a lurker even before posting.I'm in a wheelchair; I don't call myself "physically challenged," because I find that pretentious and annoying and I'm a grown man.  I'm crippled, thank you very much.  Words are only hurtful is you take yourself too seriously and allow them to hurt you.  That said, it won't happen again.As far as being "pedantic" goes, you apparently missed the whole "J/k" and the "LOL!" in my message.  I was just trying to share a historically-pertinent fact.  I'm sorry if you or others were offended.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 30 April 2012 - 05:59 PM.
426	moonsblood	2012-04-30	Shadow dude looked like the bad thing from Fern Gully, and I wish the death had been more bloody, like a SWORD to the throat.
Brienne tearing it up was awesome.
I don't really understand how Loras and pretty much everyone else were like "oh yea, Stannis totally did it." what?
Loved seeing Roy Dotrice as Hallyne
Bran taking Jojen's dream; what does that mean? D:
I love Qarth, it reminds me of a Star Trek planet.
427	Jory	2012-04-30	I really do not like this Stannis even more than the book one.Yeah... honestly, it's hard for me to like him in the series, either. In the books... I don't know, he was just different, especially in how he talks to Davos. His line about "grieving Renly" felt half-hearted and tossed in there when in the books, he has a few very heart-wrenching lines to Davos about it, and I earnestly believe he does not know that he killed Renly. The whole thing with Mel saying she'll give him a son and then him ordering Davos to go do the shadowbaby was very, very, very poorly written, there has to have been a cut scene somewhere between one and the other. I'm earnestly surprised there hasn't been much complaining about it, but I guess no one really likes Stannis like I do. The show writers certainly don't - Dan Weiss said that Stannis would make a terrible king and that he lacked humanity, which - forgive me if I'm making a broad assumption here - I don't think George R. R. Martin believes. In an interview, he had said that Stannis was "a righteous man, in spite of everything else". Meh... I'm depressed.Stephen Dillane has probably been doing a good job with what he's been given, but am I alone in thinking that the writing for Stannis' character so far has seemed very schizophrenic? Please tell me I'm not.
428	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-30	I do agree that book Stannis is more sympathetic than show Stannis, but then again most of the people who like Stannis didn't like him in the books until after he showed up at the wall, and gave his "duty before claim" speech.  So maybe we should give show Stannis some more time.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 30 April 2012 - 06:24 PM.
429	boojam	2012-04-30	Maybe this has been brought up, I checked back a few pages and didn't see anything on it, but the part with the vault... Valyrian stone? Was this material ever mentioned in the books?Yes, George speaks of various Valyrian building materials, not sure he mentions 'stone' but talks about roads and buildings a number of times. Seems the Valyrians not only were Dragon masters and steel masters, but also engineers with who used some mysterious mojo magic in making things. Did stuff nobody seems able to do anymore.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2012 - 06:25 PM.
430	PrinceRhaegar	2012-04-30	Another great episode. I loved all new locations and sets: Fist of the First Men and Qarth are amazing.
Renly's death and Drogon's  Breath were awesome.
All scenes were great, but my favourite is Brienne swearing oath to Cat.
Pyromancer Halyne, Quaithe and Pyat Pree, Quorin were spot on.
I dont mind changes from the book.
I wonder how non readers reacted to shadowbaby killing Renly and did they figured out that Greyjoys will attack Winterfell.
431	HouseLancaster	2012-04-30	Best episode thus far, and no sex too!
432	Arkash	2012-04-30	I wonder how non readers reacted to shadowbaby killing Renly and did they figured out that Greyjoys will attack Winterfell.Check here: http://forums.televi...3204374&st=2820
433	Goodbrother	2012-04-30	I have to ask everyone to the topic of Jeor giving Jon Long Claw:Doesn't the oath of the Night's Watch implicate that everyone saying the word only got the watch as family henceforth?"Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the fire that burns against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come. "To me, this is spot on solemnly a reason to give the sword to Jon since it's already clear that he is being "groomed for command" even before Jon saves the Old Bear, and to that actually saving Jeor's life. I don't find this whole "Jeor giving that super-precious sword to a greenboy" weird at all. There's still plenty of time to find the dragonglass in the next episode, they haven't left yet. I got some vague memory of that Half-hand sees himself in Jon.. Could have mixed it up with Jeor or even a coming part of the ranging itself. 
					
					
							Edited by Goodbrother, 30 April 2012 - 06:44 PM.
434	Carne	2012-04-30	Was Amory Lorch one of the men sitting at the table? I thought it might have been him but he looked so different without the helmet on.
435	sagaz	2012-04-30	In terms of directors Alan Taylor was around last year,Alik Sakharov has directed one of the best episodes this season, and David Petraca did a fine job of E5. Not sure I know who David Nutter is. We have a lot of Alan Taylor this year. Neil Marshall is supposed to be an A list film director.I have this personal experience (I'm going to share) almost everytime that I've been surprised of how good directed some episode of -insert series name here- was, It was directed by Tim VanPatten, last season he had the pilot (the second shoot, the first was with Taylor) and the second. This season I loved the Sakharov episode (Theon burning the letter) but I didnt like the directing of rest (clarification: I liked the episodes, but if you have this production and those AMAZING actors you have to be really very bad not to do a good episode...you came to the set with half the work done).Alan Taylor doesn't do it for me, he delivers very efficiently but lacks "pepper" (I can't find a better term). This season seems heavily leant in the work of the actors. I went to imdb to see if we'll have a Tim Van Patten this season and, no, no this season.I think the skill of the director add a subtle + capably to make an episode from good to excellent...how a certain framing and lightning can convey a climate, how to enhance the acting (noticed how out of timing was the expression of Littlefinger when Margaery tells him she wants to be "the" queen?... Aidan Gillen was very good, but the directing and editing was slacky. The same with the Tyrion/Lancel scene last week Dinklage is very skilled but Eugene Simon had a performance more apt to the theatre than the camera. He was good showing the desperation and fear of foreboding Joffrey's reaction, but came out a little cartoonish...that is not the actor's fault, is the directionI think any problems have been with the teleplays not the directors.I think the problem is the directors are occupied more with bringing the teleplay to life than with their craft
436	Lady Katherine	2012-04-30	Sam was delightfully geeky in this episode...my favorite part by far.
437	Darth Pipes	2012-04-30	I don't like that Tyrion didn't catch that they were calling him the little demon monkey, Bronn would never have to tell him that if Tyrion heard the guy talking. Tyrion is smarter than that.Yeah, I didn't buy that either.  Also, Tyrion being upset that the smallfolk viewed him as pulling Joffrey's strings.  With the exception of removing Janos Slynt for his role in the bastard massacre, we really haven't seen Tyrion doing much for the smallfolk.I was just glad they finally starting playing up the civil unrest.
438	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-30	Please don't call them Vikings.  LOL!  J/k but that is a nitpick of mine.  Viking describes an activity, not a people.  People called Danes went viking i.e. raiding i.e. pillaging.Okay, we won't call them Vikings, since that is etymologically suspect.  But why can't we call them Norsemen or Old Norse?  There's more to the vikingr than Danes.....
439	Arkash	2012-04-30	I agree for the directors matter... I miss one hell of a director too... they're all good, but they give just what is enough... I'm missing a real good one !
As for Lorch, I guess, that yes, we saw him at the table, not sure but I would guess so.
Edit: Yeah, checked again, I'm quite sure it's him, one of the men at Tywin's council.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 30 April 2012 - 07:29 PM.
440	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Yes, George speaks of various Valyrian building materials, not sure he mentions 'stone' but talks about roads and buildings a number of times. Seems the Valyrians not only were Dragon masters and steel masters, but also engineers with who used some mysterious mojo magic in making things. Did stuff nobody seems able to do anymore.They crafted Dragonstone.  Nobody knows how.
441	woh dak nag gram	2012-04-30	No one's gonna bite on my comment about Sam wondering what the First Men looked like and the camera panning to reveal Jon Snow, eh?
I thought that it paralleled, at least superficially, Melisandre's pleading to be shown Azor Ahai in the flames and only being shown an image of "that bastard boy."
/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
442	Arkash	2012-04-30	Well, I dont think the directors are at the level of making symbolic pan-shots yet... It was a nice visual plan, but nothing more!
The only time I've been truly impressed by a shot in the series is the burning of the letter.
443	J_Crews	2012-04-30	Was Amory Lorch one of the men sitting at the table? I thought it might have been him but he looked so different without the helmet on. Yes, I believe he even spoke.
444	J_Crews	2012-04-30	Okay, we won't call them Vikings, since that is etymologically suspect.  But why can't we call them Norsemen or Old Norse?  There's more to the vikingr than Danes.....Fair enough.  LOL!  But don't comment on this, Heaven forbid.  I already got raked by the PC police.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
445	J_Crews	2012-04-30	They crafted Dragonstone.  Nobody knows how.They're said to have been able to mold stone the way other men mold clay, or something to that effect.  The implicit implication being that they used magic, but no one living knows for sure, as you said.
446	J_Crews	2012-04-30	No one's gonna bite on my comment about Sam wondering what the First Men looked like and the camera panning to reveal Jon Snow, eh?I thought that it paralleled, at least superficially, Melisandre's pleading to be shown Azor Ahai in the flames and only being shown an image of "that bastard boy." /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Good catch!
447	Ghost714	2012-04-30	Yeah... honestly, it's hard for me to like him in the series, either. In the books... I don't know, he was just different, especially in how he talks to Davos. His line about "grieving Renly" felt half-hearted and tossed in there when in the books, he has a few very heart-wrenching lines to Davos about it, and I earnestly believe he does not know that he killed Renly. The whole thing with Mel saying she'll give him a son and then him ordering Davos to go do the shadowbaby was very, very, very poorly written, there has to have been a cut scene somewhere between one and the other. I'm earnestly surprised there hasn't been much complaining about it, but I guess no one really likes Stannis like I do. The show writers certainly don't - Dan Weiss said that Stannis would make a terrible king and that he lacked humanity, which - forgive me if I'm making a broad assumption here - I don't think George R. R. Martin believes. In an interview, he had said that Stannis was "a righteous man, in spite of everything else". Meh... I'm depressed.Stephen Dillane has probably been doing a good job with what he's been given, but am I alone in thinking that the writing for Stannis' character so far has seemed very schizophrenic? Please tell me I'm not.Your not wrong.I don't like that Dan Weiss has made up his mind about Stannis, because I feel that he is wrong(I just watched that clip yesterday, before the new episode), and I feel like they are making Stannis the way Dan Weiss views him. I don't agree with that, because they should make Stannis the way he is in the books, that way the audience can deside how they feel about Stannis. Most people started out not liking him, and as the books went on they started to change their minds(myself included), but in the show they are making Stannis far to unlikeable, and I am fearing know one will change their minds about him as the show goes on. In my opinion, it's not right for them to tell the viewers how to feel, and that's pretty much what they are doing making Stannis so bad, instead of the awesome grey character that he is. It's like Dan Weiss judges Stannis by his cover, and forgot about a lot of good redeeming stuff about him, that we get in the later books. Dan Weiss saying Stannis would make a horrible King in that video, that did not sit well with me, especially because he said Renly would make a great King, because I don't agree with that, and it should be up to the individual to deside. Now people are going to be like, "see I told you Stannis would be horrible King, even Dan Weiss said so blah blah Renly woo!"So I feel your frustration, and it's not just you.
448	Hyper	2012-04-30	There is another quote from Emilia Clarke , somewhere, where she said that they thought of the exposed breast thing but D&D considered it too distracting for visual narrative purposes so crossed it off. I agree with them.Amen to this. Given the grief some people give nudity on the show, this would have thrown them into a tizzy. Can you imagine the 'sexposition' talk? (yet further misuse of the term)They made the right call. It is a quaint detail from the book that has no plot significance.
449	Ghost714	2012-04-30	No one's gonna bite on my comment about Sam wondering what the First Men looked like and the camera panning to reveal Jon Snow, eh?I thought that it paralleled, at least superficially, Melisandre's pleading to be shown Azor Ahai in the flames and only being shown an image of "that bastard boy."/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The Starks are First Men descendants, so the camera going to Jon, I felt was a nod at that.
450	woh dak nag gram	2012-04-30	Yer, I just thought that it was a pretty cool bit of cinematography.  And a bit of a nod, albeit perhaps only in my own mind, to the brilliant bit of storytelling that George put in that Melisandre chapter /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
451	Ghost714	2012-04-30	Amen to this. Given the grief some people give nudity on the show, this would have thrown them into a tizzy. Can you imagine the 'sexposition' talk? (yet further misuse of the term)They made the right call. It is a quaint detail from the book that has no plot significance.People have a problem with the sleazy nudity, not nudity in general. So if they cut out all the blowjobs and girl on girl finger banging, they could have shown the Qarth fashion, and it would have been much more tastefully done, while still fulfilling the demand for nudity. They had Littlefinger telling his whole life's story, while two girls were finger banging each other, so I can't understand anyone saying the Qartheen gown would be "to distracting", if that scene with LF wasn't distracting, then I don't know what is. Yet people were still able to get what LF was saying.
452	FantA´me	2012-04-30	Your not wrong.I don't like that Dan Weiss has made up his mind about Stannis, because I feel that he is wrong(I just watched that clip yesterday, before the new episode), and I feel like they are making Stannis the way Dan Weiss views him. I don't agree with that, because they should make Stannis the way he is in the books, that way the audience can deside how they feel about Stannis. Most people started out not liking him, and as the books went on they started to change their minds(myself included), but in the show they are making Stannis far to unlikeable, and I am fearing know one will change their minds about him as the show goes on. In my opinion, it's not right for them to tell the viewers how to feel, and that's pretty much what they are doing making Stannis so bad, instead of the awesome grey character that he is. It's like Dan Weiss judges Stannis by his cover, and forgot about a lot of good redeeming stuff about him, that we get in the later books. Dan Weiss saying Stannis would make a horrible King in that video, that did not sit well with me, especially because he said Renly would make a great King, because I don't agree with that, and it should be up to the individual to deside. Now people are going to be like, "see I told you Stannis would be horrible King, even Dan Weiss said so blah blah Renly woo!"So I feel your frustration, and it's not just you.Your not wrong.I don't like that Dan Weiss has made up his mind about Stannis, because I feel that he is wrong(I just watched that clip yesterday, before the new episode), and I feel like they are making Stannis the way Dan Weiss views him. I don't agree with that, because they should make Stannis the way he is in the books, that way the audience can deside how they feel about Stannis. Most people started out not liking him, and as the books went on they started to change their minds(myself included), but in the show they are making Stannis far to unlikeable, and I am fearing know one will change their minds about him as the show goes on. In my opinion, it's not right for them to tell the viewers how to feel, and that's pretty much what they are doing making Stannis so bad, instead of the awesome grey character that he is. It's like Dan Weiss judges Stannis by his cover, and forgot about a lot of good redeeming stuff about him, that we get in the later books. Dan Weiss saying Stannis would make a horrible King in that video, that did not sit well with me, especially because he said Renly would make a great King, because I don't agree with that, and it should be up to the individual to deside. Now people are going to be like, "see I told you Stannis would be horrible King, even Dan Weiss said so blah blah Renly woo!"So I feel your frustration, and it's not just you.  I entirely agree ! I've just been looking at some non-readers comments and their opininion and judging of stannis just feels wrong . Nothing to do with the character as I read it.
453	Leto Atreides	2012-04-30	Did anyone notice the Sea Bitch was huge? Even if it's Asha's ship, I never thought the Ironborn ships were going to be that big. It's pretty awesome, like a full-sized frigate.I've always pictured Iron Islands ships as Viking long boats, not European style caravelles. They are supposed to be raiders, not travelers. Which is what made Euron different from the lot.
					
					
							Edited by Leto Atreides, 30 April 2012 - 09:11 PM.
454	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-04-30	I totally agree that they should have shown Loras rage.  I was really looking forward to that.
  There was something that was a huge relief though.  I love that in the books we aren't sure what Stannis knew about the shadowbaby.  I was so scared the show would come out and say it and they didn't.  One of the past moments was the end of Stannis' scene when they let the shot on his face for a few seconds.  His chin and mouth kind of quiver, and then he goes back to stoic Stannisface.  It's clear he feels something, but what?  Grief? Guilt? Relief?  We can all intrepret this for ourselves.  Perfection!
  Also, Jaqen makes my loins stir.
  I agree with the general consensous that Maisie Williams is amazing.  It will be such a crime if the Emmys doesn't recognise.
455	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	They're said to have been able to mold stone the way other men mold clay, or something to that effect.  The implicit implication being that they used magic, but no one living knows for sure, as you said.Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s some suspicion, and even some evidence, that suggests that the crannogman can do that, too, and that thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s how it is that Greywater Watch moves.
456	teemo	2012-04-30	I know a lot of people had issue with Qarth scenes, but they didn't really bother me.  Quite honestly, the parts of Qarth were some of the most boring in the whole series.  Actually, it was one of the only boring parts in the series to me.  It was one of those things where I was reading, but not really.  It wasn't until after maybe 3 re-reads that I could even tell you what went on in Qarth.  Considering that, I expected the writers to change things there immensely.  So Qarth went from boring to goofy with this Soumai shit and Valyrian stone vaults or whatever, but at least it's entertaining.  I say do whatever you want with it, D&D, just don't make the House of Undying goofy.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 30 April 2012 - 09:26 PM.
457	Ser Hippie	2012-04-30	Yeah, I didn't buy that either.  Also, Tyrion being upset that the smallfolk viewed him as pulling Joffrey's strings.  With the exception of removing Janos Slynt for his role in the bastard massacre, we really haven't seen Tyrion doing much for the smallfolk.The notion of Tyrion being blamed because he's the new adviser in town and things "weren't so bad before" is in the books as well, and Tyrion has a similar reaction there too. Not saying his feelings aren't misplaced as you allude to, but it's taken from the text.In the books it's right after the riot, which appears to be happening next week on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 30 April 2012 - 09:35 PM.
458	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-30	I know a lot of people had issue with Qarth scenes, but they didn't really bother me.  Quite honestly, the parts of Qarth were some of the most boring in the whole series.  Actually, it was one of the only boring parts in the series to me.  It was one of those things where I was reading, but not really.  It wasn't until after maybe 3 re-reads that I could even tell you what went on in Qarth.  Considering that, I expected the writers to change things there immensely.  So Qarth went from boring to goofy with this Soumai shit and Valyrian stone vaults or whatever, but at least it's entertaining.  I say do whatever you want with it, D&D, just don't make the House of Undying goofy.Agree with you here,house of the undying is one of the most pivotal scenes for Dany's arc in COK..If they botch this I will be forever disappointedAnother thing I will greatly P.O'd at is if Ramsay is cut out entirely. I can deal with leaving him out this season. But there must be a Reek introduction early in season 3!
459	teemo	2012-04-30	I still stand firmly by my belief that Ramsay won't be cut.  He would make far too good of an HBO evil villain for them to let that go.  Viewers think Joffrey is bad and messed up in the head?  Yeah.  They can't cut Ramsay.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 30 April 2012 - 09:41 PM.
460	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-30	I hope your right brotha.
461	J_Crews	2012-04-30	I've always pictured Iron Islands ships as Viking long boats, not European style caravelles. They are supposed to be raiders, not travelers. Which is what made Euron different from the lot.I think they just changed it, because a quick CGI shot of a ship in the distance is cheaper that having a real ship built, and the bigger ship made a more striking visual.
462	J_Crews	2012-04-30	Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s some suspicion, and even some evidence, that suggests that the crannogman can do that, too, and that thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s how it is that Greywater Watch moves.Interesting.  I never thought of that.  A crannog, of course, is a little man-made island of sorts, so I always just assumed they poled it from place to place or something like that.
463	J_Crews	2012-04-30	I still stand firmly by my belief that Ramsay won't be cut.  He would make far too good of an HBO evil villain for them to let that go.  Viewers think Joffrey is bad and messed up in the head?  Yeah.  They can't cut Ramsay.I agree.  Ramsay will appear eventually.  The only possible may around it (which I don't see as likely) would be to envelope him into his father and make Roose a composite of the two.
464	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-30	On the topic of Ramsay, do you think we will see him at all this season? Or will he appear in S3?
We want Reek! We want Reek!
465	Harimad	2012-04-30	I always found it very poignant that, even as he decries Ned and his "precious honor," he truly respects men of honor (like his father); and he sort of hates them a little too, if only because he failed to be like them.  Leaving his father's sword behind when he fled says a lot about his character -- he knew he wasn't worthy of keeping it.  I always found it an interesting correlation to Jon Snow doing the same when he was about to desert to join Robb in AGoT, because he "was not so lost to honor" as to take it with him.thank you for articulating just what I was thinking!! In some characters the whole "self-loathing" thing can get obnoxious, but I feel like he's determined to work with what he's got. I think he is honorable, but he's just so mixed up about it, of which you gave perfect examples. He thinks selling the rogue Targaryen traitor out to the crown is the honorable thing to do until he falls in love with her and then it is no longer the honorable thing. He obviously thought selling the people to the slavers was what they deserved (i've forgotten exactly what they did...rape...murder...the usual) and therefore honorable.and as we've all seen, a life of honor is usually a fairly short one. I think Jorah is a somewhat underestimated character. He's the only thing that gets me through Dany's chapters. Especially after she sent him off and I just kept hoping for more mention of him!
466	J_Crews	2012-04-30	On the topic of Ramsay, do you think we will see him at all this season? Or will he appear in S3?Season 3, I think -- yeah.  Depends on how they portray Theon/Reek.  They might just show him in a dungeon next season, etc.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 30 April 2012 - 11:13 PM.
467	J_Crews	2012-04-30	thank you for articulating just what I was thinking!! In some characters the whole "self-loathing" thing can get obnoxious, but I feel like he's determined to work with what he's got. I think he is honorable, but he's just so mixed up about it, of which you gave perfect examples. He thinks selling the rogue Targaryen traitor out to the crown is the honorable thing to do until he falls in love with her and then it is no longer the honorable thing. He obviously thought selling the people to the slavers was what they deserved (i've forgotten exactly what they did...rape...murder...the usual) and therefore honorable.and as we've all seen, a life of honor is usually a fairly short one.I think Jorah is a somewhat underestimated character. He's the only thing that gets me through Dany's chapters. Especially after she sent him off and I just kept hoping for more mention of him!The slaves he sold were just poachers, but he did that for love, which turned-out to be B.S. anyway.  That's one of the reasons he hates himself, IMO.  He gave his own honor away for absolutely nothing.
468	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	Yes, he seems very....sympathetic in the show.  Book Tywin seems to be a lot more brutal.  It's hard to be too upset since they're acting is great and they really play the characters flawlessly, but it does seem a little old.  I never thought of your last sentence....that would be too weird.Tywin could not have served as Hand of the King for twenty years if he were brutal. We are seeing wartime Tywin from the eyes of others.
469	Menos Grande	2012-04-30	How Bran is going beyond the wall by himself (and hordor?). It was a bit strange that they left the reeds out.. even though I hate Jojen, and I think things will run out better without him there is still the problem that Osha will go with rickon and bran would go with the reeds.. so what now?
470	Harimad	2012-04-30	The slaves he sold were just poachers, but he did that for love, which turned-out to be B.S. anyway.  That's one of the reasons he hates himself, IMO.  He gave his own honor away for absolutely nothing.oh that's right. I did a re-read and I still forget details like this. But I still agree with your assessment. I still could care less what happens to Dany but i'm interested to see how Jorah's story arc plays out, especially after Jeor forgave him via Sam after the massacre at Craster's.
471	Harimad	2012-04-30	How Bran is going beyond the wall by himself (and hordor?). It was a bit strange that they left the reeds out.. even though I hate Jojen, and I think things will run out better without him there is still the problem that Osha will go with rickon and bran would go with the reeds.. so what now?quite a few people have speculated that Maester Luwin will stay alive and go with Bran and Osha will still go with Rickon. I guess I can see with that perspective how the Reeds become superfluous but I always found them fascinating! especially with the whole Knight of the Laughing Tree/Howland Reed/ R+L theories. I also have trouble seeing Maester Luwin making the trek through the forests and past the wall. He's pretty frail. Unless they keep Rodrick Cassel alive? although I feel that keeping either one of them alive would take some of the sting out of the fall of Winterfell, but that just may be a personal opinion. I was surprised in reading this and other threads that people don't like the Reed twins. I thought Jojen could get irritating but I think that is how Bran feels about him. I really liked Meera. She is unique and an interesting feminine perspective that is different from Catelyn, Brienne, or Cersei.But the show writers have something I dont: direct access to GRRM's twisted mind. I guess we will just have to see how replacing them (if it happens that way) plays out later on
					
					
							Edited by Harimad, 30 April 2012 - 11:59 PM.
472	Harimad	2012-05-01	Good catch!No one's gonna bite on my comment about Sam wondering what the First Men looked like and the camera panning to reveal Jon Snow, eh?I thought that it paralleled, at least superficially, Melisandre's pleading to be shown Azor Ahai in the flames and only being shown an image of "that bastard boy." /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />does she say that in the book?? blast my re-read, I still miss so much. I've been suspecting the whole Jon/AA thing obviously but I must have missed the reference!
473	Francys Targaryen	2012-05-01	does she say that in the book?? blast my re-read, I still miss so much. I've been suspecting the whole Jon/AA thing obviously but I must have missed the reference!dont have ADWD on hand but it goes something like this.."I keep asking R'holler to show me a glimpse of Azor Ahai, and he shows me only Snow"
					
					
							Edited by Francys Targaryen, 01 May 2012 - 12:10 AM.
474	BlackTalon	2012-05-01	Regarding the doubts about the appearance of Ramsay, hasnÂ´t he already been cast? I remember seeing a photo somewhere, and boy did he look unpleasant.
475	J_Crews	2012-05-01	dont have ADWD on hand but it goes something like this.."I keep asking R'holler to show me a glimpse of Azor Ahai, and he shows me only Snow"Yeah, that's pretty close.
476	J_Crews	2012-05-01	Regarding the doubts about the appearance of Ramsay, hasnÂ´t he already been cast? I remember seeing a photo somewhere, and boy did he look unpleasant.He hasn't been cast.
477	J_Crews	2012-05-01	How Bran is going beyond the wall by himself (and hordor?). It was a bit strange that they left the reeds out.. even though I hate Jojen, and I think things will run out better without him there is still the problem that Osha will go with rickon and bran would go with the reeds.. so what now?Osha will be going with Bran, I would bet.  Luwin may survive to take Rickon.
478	Menos Grande	2012-05-01	True enough anybody can help Bran till the wall, beyond that Coldhands can carry Bran himself if need to.
I guess it would be better if Osha was gone with Bran and Maester with rickon, as Osha has information beyond the wall and skills to survive there, the Maester will be usefull in theaching Rickon, and carying for him in the Kingdom... even though in the books Osha realy gone with Rickon, she soon disapeared and now  he is with Davos.. so I think it's possible to change who goes with Bran.
479	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-05-01	This was a pretty good episode.   My main issue is that the some of the scenes are clunky and season 2 has been pretty bad in that aspect.  Season 1 really had a good flow but season 2 has been clunky I.E Renly being assassinated.  Just wasn't as well done as it could have been IMO.  That said there were a few things I loved. 
The scenes on at The Fist was great.  I loved seeing Ghost in the background. 
Rickon was hilarous. 
All the Arya scenes are brilliant.  I'm a little worried about what they'll replace the scene where Arya kills the Tickler with.  I mean that's a very poignant scene for Arya and I'm worried baout what they'll do.  That said Maisie brings so much intensity to the role that I couldn't imagine anyone else.  The scene between her and Tywin was awesome.  I also don't agree with people who think that Tywin would kill Arya just for that...Tywin was never really needlessly brutal...he was very pragmatic and he always had others do his dirty work.  He doesn't just mindlessly off people all the time. 
Jaquen was awesome and the Arya/Gendry scene was great.  Again Maisie is fucking incredible.
480	Jory	2012-05-01	This was a pretty good episode.   My main issue is that the some of the scenes are clunky and season 2 has been pretty bad in that aspect.  Season 1 really had a good flow but season 2 has been clunky I.E Renly being assassinated.  Just wasn't as well done as it could have been IMO.  That said there were a few things I loved.This cuts to the heart of the problem. This season just feels so much less professional than the last one. Is it the lack of Sean Bean? Is it the sudden shift of focus away from the Stark family? In the books, it happens almost without notice, but it's especially prominent in the series. Is it the weird, disjointed writing? Is it the "porn parody" feel? Margaery saying she would "bend over and pretend to be Loras" was something that seemed especially jarring. Is it the clear and blatant favoritism they show certain characters? Is it how they needlessly change minor details for no fucking reason just to be "different"? This show isn't an adaptation of GRRM's novels. It's not, and it will need to stop pretending it is once this season is done. Cutting certain characters? Makes plenty of sense. Aging them up? Sure. Shortening some of their scenes? Yep. Completely changing the fundamentals of the character? Don't get it. Don't get it at all.
481	Dee_warg	2012-05-01	I am so disappointed they didn't allow Arya to kill the tickler, I hope they make up for this. That was by far one of the best parts in Storm of swords and they just took it away. With that said, i'm still loving GoT. I hope they at least show her dreams when she wargs into Nymeria.
482	Dee_warg	2012-05-01	Osha will be going with Bran, I would bet.  Luwin may survive to take Rickon. I'm thinking Luwin will still die but maybe not when we expect him too and the reeds will come in later, maybe not until season three, I'm hoping so anyways, keeping my fingers crossed, i like the reeds, i would be upset if they don't cast them.
483	boojam	2012-05-01	I have this personal experience (I'm going to share) almost everytime that I've been surprised of how good directed some episode of -insert series name here- was, It was directed by Tim VanPatten, last season he had the pilot (the second shoot, the first was with Taylor) and the second. This season I loved the Sakharov episode (Theon burning the letter) but I didnt like the directing of rest (clarification: I liked the episodes, but if you have this production and those AMAZING actors you have to be really very bad not to do a good episode...you came to the set with half the work done).Alan Taylor doesn't do it for me, he delivers very efficiently but lacks "pepper" (I can't find a better term). This season seems heavily leant in the work of the actors. I went to imdb to see if we'll have a Tim Van Patten this season and, no, no this season.I think the skill of the director add a subtle + capably to make an episode from good to excellent...how a certain framing and lightning can convey a climate, how to enhance the acting (noticed how out of timing was the expression of Littlefinger when Margaery tells him she wants to be "the" queen?... Aidan Gillen was very good, but the directing and editing was slacky. The same with the Tyrion/Lancel scene last week Dinklage is very skilled but Eugene Simon had a performance more apt to the theatre than the camera. He was good showing the desperation and fear of foreboding Joffrey's reaction, but came out a little cartoonish...that is not the actor's fault, is the directionI think the problem is the directors are occupied more with bringing the teleplay to life than with their craftFirst I would note that two of best episodes, 9 and 10 , last season, were directed by Alan Taylor. So there is something to explain there.As noted on another thread here each episode sequence is timing out at about 2.5 min., now having a nearly perfect cast does make up for a lot, plus one cannot spend too much time in less than an hour and cover such a rich story.But is not that the screenwriters job? To wisely chose and re-imagine rather lengthy prose scenes? ( George can really elaborate his prose , even when telling a good story.) You said this :Littlefinger when Margaery tells him she wants to be "the" queen?... Aidan Gillen was very good, but the directing and editing was slacky.Man I don't follow that at all! That whole sequence looked crisp to me. David Petrarca may not be a Mike Nichols or Howard Hawks at pacing, but his work here seemed fine to me.I think all the directors are doing fine this year.The problem, as I see it, looks as if Benioff and Weiss are going to do this, doggedly pound CoK into 10 hours.Now maybe this could have been done with more planning and iterations , a young John Huston might could have done it (Huston was a genius at adaptation material from prose into screenplay).... and these guys are doing a great best effort at it... but are falling short of last season. Tho not short enough as to not have a TV drama that I find much more entertaining than all the other things I watch on the tube.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 May 2012 - 03:44 AM.
484	boojam	2012-05-01	Damned double post.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 May 2012 - 03:44 AM.
485	boojam	2012-05-01	I know a lot of people had issue with Qarth scenes, but they didn't really bother me.  Quite honestly, the parts of Qarth were some of the most boring in the whole series.  Actually, it was one of the only boring parts in the series to me.  It was one of those things where I was reading, but not really.  It wasn't until after maybe 3 re-reads that I could even tell you what went on in Qarth.  Considering that, I expected the writers to change things there immensely.  So Qarth went from boring to goofy with this Soumai shit and Valyrian stone vaults or whatever, but at least it's entertaining.  I say do whatever you want with it, D&D, just don't make the House of Undying goofy.I think you a speaking of Geroge's CoK Qarth? Yeah in a book with 70 chapters Daenerys has only 5! Well at least George adds more to Dany's story here than in ADwD (my personal opinion, it's SoS where she really rocks!). Except for the house of the undying and a little exposition here and there , the addition of two new characters (well one of them an old character)... Qarth is a pretty thin prose gruel. By the by Rhaegal, Drogon, and Viserion do a lot of growing there, with 5 episodes left , there should be a lot of change in them.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 May 2012 - 03:57 AM.
486	Ghost714	2012-05-01	I think you a speaking of Geroge's CoK Qarth? Yeah in a book with 70 chapters Daenerys has only 5! Well at least George adds more to Dany's story here than in ADwD (my personal opinion, it's SoS where she really rocks!). Except for the house of the undying and a little exposition here and there , the addition of two new characters (well one of them an old character)... Qarth is a pretty thin prose gruel. By the by Rhaegal, Drogon, and Viserion do a lot of growing there, with 5 episodes left , there should be a lot of change in them.Yea they really should have shown Drogon charing and eating the meat, before Dany got into Qarth, because that leaves very little time for the dragons to grow. If they make them grow a significant amount in the next five episodes, it will beg the question why they haven't grown at all sense they hatched, which is five episodes. The only reason I can think of, for why they didn't show Drogon and the "Dracarys" scene in the Red Waste, was because it was a happy scene. They were laughing and being happy with Drogon, teaching him to cook his own food, and to shoot fire on command, and that would have been weird in the Red Waste, because they wanted to show the Red Waste as miserable. Still though, I am worried about how they will make the dragons bigger in just five episodes, especially if Drogon has a part in the House of the Undying. I highly doubt Drogon will be in that scene though.
487	legba11	2012-05-01	They haven't grown because they haven't been eating.
488	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-01	This cuts to the heart of the problem. This season just feels so much less professional than the last one. Is it the lack of Sean Bean? Is it the sudden shift of focus away from the Stark family? In the books, it happens almost without notice, but it's especially prominent in the series. Is it the weird, disjointed writing? Is it the "porn parody" feel? Margaery saying she would "bend over and pretend to be Loras" was something that seemed especially jarring. Is it the clear and blatant favoritism they show certain characters? Is it how they needlessly change minor details for no fucking reason just to be "different"? This show isn't an adaptation of GRRM's novels. It's not, and it will need to stop pretending it is once this season is done. Cutting certain characters? Makes plenty of sense. Aging them up? Sure. Shortening some of their scenes? Yep. Completely changing the fundamentals of the character? Don't get it. Don't get it at all.In the books, the scope widens, from the tighter-focussed first book (Starks/Lannisters/Daenerys) to more and more sub-plots and more and more characters and more and more cultures.  GRRM pulls it off well in the first three books, reasonably well in the fourth and fifth book when the pacing slows.  But a narrative of this complexity, especially as the characters and sub-plots seem to fan out all over the place, would be hellaciously difficult to fit into ten shows of less than one full hour each.  (especially when there seems to be some kind of semi-official mandate for as much sex as possible, not to mention as much Roz as possible).  Much and more will be compressed and cut and cut out altogether to convey the essence of ASoIaF in the series.  But can they convey the essence of GRRM's entire story, at least the first three books of it, in the TV miniseries when they continue to chip away at plot details and characterization and insert new characters and distort original characters?  I don't know.  I'm still annoyed that Peter Jackson cut out the hobbits' homecoming to a half-ruined and occupied Shire in the LOTR movie, but I'm glad the movie was made (I try not to think about movie-Faramir too much either).  Ned Stark served as a great focus for reader, and  audience, appeal.  With him gone, his children's destinies, and his legacy, are up for grabs; as may be the viewers' attention.  I'm wondering how the Red Wedding (if it will eventually be seen) will affect the ratings/viewing of subsequent episodes.  And then there's the aging of the younger actors.  Little Bran's voice will probably be changing by 2014 if not before; Arya's will eventually be unable to pass for 12, and Sansa already looks 17 or 18 rather than 13-14 (the actress is 15 or 16 now I think).   I wish they'd film two series at the same time, if they could get the go-ahead.  But I am enjoying much of what I've seen (three out of five episodes; I don't have cable, so I've seen eps One and Four online; probably all I'll be able to find; I haven't been able to get a link to Episode 5 - had to wait for the dvds to watch more than clips of Season 1).  I wish we didn't have to see so much of Roz though.
489	legba11	2012-05-01	The characters age in the books too.  Martin is never specific about time passed, because it would not make sense.  Better to ignore it than try to explain it and show the readers how sloppy he is in this regard.
490	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-01	Yeah... honestly, it's hard for me to like him in the series, either. In the books... I don't know, he was just different, especially in how he talks to Davos. His line about "grieving Renly" felt half-hearted and tossed in there when in the books, he has a few very heart-wrenching lines to Davos about it, and I earnestly believe he does not know that he killed Renly. The whole thing with Mel saying she'll give him a son and then him ordering Davos to go do the shadowbaby was very, very, very poorly written, there has to have been a cut scene somewhere between one and the other. I'm earnestly surprised there hasn't been much complaining about it, but I guess no one really likes Stannis like I do. The show writers certainly don't - Dan Weiss said that Stannis would make a terrible king and that he lacked humanity, which - forgive me if I'm making a broad assumption here - I don't think George R. R. Martin believes. In an interview, he had said that Stannis was "a righteous man, in spite of everything else". Meh... I'm depressed.Stephen Dillane has probably been doing a good job with what he's been given, but am I alone in thinking that the writing for Stannis' character so far has seemed very schizophrenic? Please tell me I'm not.I totally agree with you, as much as i do not like Stannis book I have to say that he has got feeling and as reader i do feel for him sometimes ( Renly death, the peach, Edreic storm..) but this show Stannis is just cold and like a puppet to Mel in a way ( if i can use this word ).
491	Mr. E	2012-05-01	This cuts to the heart of the problem. This season just feels so much less professional than the last one. Is it the lack of Sean Bean? Is it the sudden shift of focus away from the Stark family? In the books, it happens almost without notice, but it's especially prominent in the series. Is it the weird, disjointed writing? Is it the "porn parody" feel? Margaery saying she would "bend over and pretend to be Loras" was something that seemed especially jarring. Is it the clear and blatant favoritism they show certain characters? Is it how they needlessly change minor details for no fucking reason just to be "different"? This show isn't an adaptation of GRRM's novels. It's not, and it will need to stop pretending it is once this season is done. Cutting certain characters? Makes plenty of sense. Aging them up? Sure. Shortening some of their scenes? Yep. Completely changing the fundamentals of the character? Don't get it. Don't get it at all.Someone else already said this, but I'm going to repeat it because it's a lot of the root of this feeling: the heart of the problem is the expansion of the narrative. ACOK has much more going in terms of locations and subplots that AGOT, and not only that, but the TV show is also bound by the rules of television, which is: you don't sign actors to not do anything. Thus you have time spent with Robb that was never spent in the actual book, for example.
492	DragonSpawn	2012-05-01	It was an interesting episode but the Harrenhall plot is now a bit of a mystery to me (although it was a bit messy in the books too so understandable). I think they will have to introduce the Bloody Mummers and the Reeds at some point soon, even if it happens a bit later than in the books or i'm worried we may miss out on some quality scenes later down the line, e.g... 
	Spoiler The Bear Pit / Brans Warg-Training
There was a lot of the story i felt was very true to the books... which was nice. LF as a master manipulator is more vividly expressed in the show and it took me a while to get over the lack of subtelty that i'm used to in the books but i understand now... Sam Tarley is not anywhere near as annoying as he is in the first season and the books... which is amazing that D&D have picked up on this... Samwise Gamgee from LoTR films was an awful adaptation from the books and i hated the pathetic character he became - so badly i don't watch the films any more because any scene with him in gets skipped... Sam Tarley was heading that way but thankfully D&D saw the error in that...Things i don't get:The Vault. Don't get the angle here unless it is to tempt Dany's greed. A character integrity-challenge of sorts... that could potentially drive Dany away from Qarth..Bronn - still wearing his scruffy sellsword clothes... Shouldn't he be larging it up as head of the Gold Cloaks and looking pimp? ...since that was a new thing introduced a couple of episodes back? - or was that Tyrion decision over-ruled without us knowing about it?Did the Pyromancer mention about how Wildfire works better now? i don't recall that...Dagmer Cleftjaw is an old legend and close family friend of the Greyjoys /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> They could have at least made an effort with a facial scar... doesn't bode well for later war scars that characters suffer...Jons Ghost dream... i can see why it would be both confusing and expensive to do... but the Fist of the First men scene was very very weak because of it... No Obsidian, No Horn, No Hellcrow, No suggestion of a connection between Jon and Ghost... No hint of sneaky tree people hiding in the background for people to wonder about... The magic was literally lost from that scene...So far i'm a bit disappointed not to have seen Lightbringer \ the Hellcrow and Edric Storm - Storm's End. D&D really did make a massive cock-up with the Melisandre birthing scene and the shadow sneaking through the bars - how the hell can anyone ever make any sense of that... book reader or not? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by DragonSpawn, 01 May 2012 - 08:03 AM.
493	Elfangle	2012-05-01	I think the show is steering more and more away from the books. As soon as people accept this, the show becomes more enjoyable, at least for me. Because in its own right there is nothing wrong with the series. It has great actors, a good background story, great environments. Fights, sex, war, intrigue and what not. The problem is that most of us are fans of the book first and that changes the way we look at the show.
Then again, reasons why we come here in this subforum is to discuss the series and a major part of that involves comparing the books with the tv-show. So here goes.
1) Arya choosing the Tickler as her first kill makes sense from a tv perspective because he is a minor character and people will forget about him but for me it was just wrong. It's a direct consequence of messing up the torture scene in the previous episode by not stressing the routinous and insane questioning techniques that are branded in Arya's mind which lead to her maniacal behavior at the tavern.
2) Renly's death was boring compared to the book. In the book, the things that stood out was the atmosphere right before the killing (darkness, Catelyn getting chilles) and the sheer brutality of the murder (slashed throat and cutted through Renly's armor). Loras reaction was also kind of dull. In the books, no matter how stubborn and childish he might seem, he is still an amazing fighter and him going berserk at members of Renly's rainbow guard is a testimony of that. In the show he is nothing more then a whiny little brat that gets his ass whooped by Brienne.
3) Three-eyed raven???? Maybe it doesnt matter that much but it's more proof that the tv show is side tracking.
4) Quaithe looks like a belly dancer, not the mysterious sorceress she is ment to be and Xaro Xhoan Daxos is not nearly as extravagant as he is in the books. Where are his nose chains and his teardrops. And him smashing his vault door with a sword is kind of ridiculous. Pyat Pree is not a member of the 13, why make him? Again all these things are not that important and can be considered nitpicking but they are a big part of the atmosphere that George has created.
5) The fist of the first man is in the middle of a forest, not mount Himalaya. I wonder how this will influence the epic battle with the wights which I think is kind of the nothern counterbalance for the battle at blackwater bay (maybe not as detailled but still very important). Whonder how they will portray this on the screen.
6) Tyrion would never openly walk the slumbs of Kingslanding. Either he is cowled and leaves at night or he has a ton of guards protecting him. There are supposed to be riots and famine in the city. People don't like him and would not let him walk the streets like that. On the other hand i absolutely loved the mini carriage he was sitting in!
Strangely I tend to accept some of the other big storyline changes like no Roose but Tywin at Harrenhal, one shadowbaby deat, no Reeds. I think this is because the show clearly deviates from the actual story and doesn't try to hide it and in a sense it changes the plot. The points I listed above are more devious in that they change the general feeling and atmosphere of the story.
494	johnnysd	2012-05-01	I agree. Though I enjoyed those characters in the book, it does not make sense for the TV show. Especially when you have the caliber of actor of Osha. Adding two more child actors to the show and expecting them to carry interesting dialogue with them north of the wall would just be too big of a risk.Jojen and Meera WILL be in next season. No reason really for them to be in this one. The Winterfell arc plays out basically exactly the same without them, Then early next season they will find Bran on the road. I do not think they can cut them completely because of what GRRM has said about the Reeds
495	boojam	2012-05-01	In the books, the scope widens, from the tighter-focussed first book (Starks/Lannisters/Daenerys) to more and more sub-plots and more and more characters and more and more cultures.  GRRM pulls it off well in the first three books, reasonably well in the fourth and fifth book when the pacing slows.  But a narrative of this complexity, especially as the characters and sub-plots seem to fan out all over the place, would be hellaciously difficult to fit into ten shows of less than one full hour each.  (especially when there seems to be some kind of semi-official mandate for as much sex as possible, not to mention as much Roz as possible).  Much and more will be compressed and cut and cut out altogether to convey the essence of ASoIaF in the series.  But can they convey the essence of GRRM's entire story, at least the first three books of it, in the TV miniseries when they continue to chip away at plot details and characterization and insert new characters and distort original characters?  That's the nub of it , is it not? I have watched all the episodes several times now, the cast and production values are the carrying the load. It's  been that the teleplays are not really that far off from last year, but as posted elsewhere here 2.5 min. average per sequence is causing a chop effect. (Lacing the narrative with some non plot advancement sexploitation also has eaten some valuable time , and I am not talking the in-context stuff, that is ok.) I suppose before the series ever started D&D could have said , if season one is a big hit for HBO we want to do CoK as seasons 2 and 3... tho that would probably been suicide. I don't know.  I'm still annoyed that Peter Jackson cut out the hobbits' homecoming to a half-ruined and occupied Shire in the LOTR movie, but I'm glad the movie was made (I try not to think about movie-Faramir too much either).  Now to be fair Peter Jackson has talked about that, faced the same problem as D&D did. After New Line had put up 300 million for the trilogy first production shoot, he said no way could he fit The Scouring of the Shire, and some other things in. Economics is cruel to the arts at times.
496	boojam	2012-05-01	The characters age in the books too.  Martin is never specific about time passed, because it would not make sense.  Better to ignore it than try to explain it and show the readers how sloppy he is in this regard.Right on!As you say why explain it a all?Just let it happen, it does no violence to the narrative.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 May 2012 - 08:46 AM.
497	Arkash	2012-05-01	About the FoFm, the only thing that disturbed me was the lack of Obsidian... I dont mind it isnt in the forest, I like it this way too and a battle in this landscape (quite sure S3 will open with it, after S2 ends with the three blasts) will be fucking epic !
But sad the Obsidian was forgotten.
498	TyrionTargaryen	2012-05-01	Ratings are in! 3.9 million, up 100,000 viewers!! So close to 4 million!!http://tvbythenumber...en-more/131531/
					
					
							Edited by TyrionTargaryen, 01 May 2012 - 09:23 AM.
499	legba11	2012-05-01	Good!  I will be sweating the ratings until they confirm Season 7 (8?) to end the series.  Of course, they will have to pass the books b then unless they want Rickon to be moving with a walker.
500	Chelly	2012-05-01	Another great episode for me. Brienne's little fight impressed me. She's quite intimidating in fighting mode.
- I like Dagmer. No hideous scar, but I'll live. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I don't know why they changed the fact that Theon knew him before, but I'm curious to see what they plan to do with the changes. I'm very curious about Dagmer.
- Tyrion and Cersei scenes are always gold. I particularly liked Tyrion's "scheming and plotting are the same things" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Duh, Cersei.
- Jaqen is perfect, but why oh why kill the Tickler so soon? I so wanted to see "Is there gold in the village? Gems?...", but oh well. Hopefully when that time rolls around in season 3 or 4, they will have replaced it with something equally awesome.
- Arya and Tywin were full of win. I think that scene when he asks her about Robb is one of my favorite scenes in the series so far. Both of their faces are so expressive. After that moment when Arya says "anyone can be killed", Charles Dance's eyes were like daggers. There was so much tension and nobody was talking, I was like "oh, shit". Arya was such a badass to stare him right back.
- Love Cat's and Brienne's new bonding
- I could care less about Marg in the books, but I totally like her on the show.
501	Lannes	2012-05-01	How Bran is going beyond the wall by himself (and hordor?). It was a bit strange that they left the reeds out.. even though I hate Jojen, and I think things will run out better without him there is still the problem that Osha will go with rickon and bran would go with the reeds.. so what now?I'm wondering if they'll move up Coldhands, in combination with Osha, to replace the Reeds.
502	pykmi	2012-05-01	Hey all, a long time lurker and a first time poster here.This episode was my favourite of the series so far. The scenes with Brienne and Catelyn, Arya and Jaqen, Dannis and Stavos and even the surprising new scene with Tywin and Arya just blew my mind. Renly's death may have not been as unforgettable as it was in the novel, and Loras's rage afterwards wasn't shown, but the following exchange between Littlefinger and the Tyrells more than made up for that in my opinion. I love seeing interactions between non-POV characters, and having Loras blame Stannis for Renly's murder makes the Tyrell/Lannister allience make so much more sense. Nothing stops him from blaming Brienne for the murder later, even if he sees sense now. The show has also made Margaery Tyrell such a compelling character way earlier than the books did and Natalie Dormer plays her so well, I can't wait to see her in scenes with Lena Headey later in the series. Hopefully she'll stop wearing those silly dresses though.But what really made this episode for me were changes that significantly improved some of the worst parts of the book.1) Dany's storyline in Qarth. In the novel, House of the Undying was pretty much the only interesting or memorable part in all of her chapters in aCoK (and the Qarthian gown, of course). The whole invented backstory to the city with the Garden of Bones and combining all the various guilds and warlocks to the simpler Thirteen has made what was essentially just another boring city in Essos into an actually interesting location in the series. Xaro Xhaon Daxos and Pyat Pree are both way better and more interesting than their novel counterparts. I would've wanted to see Quaithe interact with Dany instead of Jorah, but at least she looked really memorable, and will hopefully later speak with Dany. Even Dany's handmaidens and the actions of her remaining khalasar have become interesting in the show. I really hope they can pull of the same with the storyline in Meereen, even the mention of the place in this episode made me cringe.2) Bran's storyline. In the novel, Bran's interactions with Little and Big Walder were clichA© and really repetitive. It's like GRRM was trying too hard with these child antagonists to Bran, while the ongoing war and his growing responsibility of Winterfell and even Rickon (who manages to be really eerie and memorable in the series just by smashing nuts in the background) make for a much more interesting story. And while Jojen and Meera are interesting characters, most of Bran's chapters in aCoK are just him either getting bullied by the Freys or talking to the Reeds about Jojen's visions etc. Now with all of them gone or pushed to appear later on, we get brilliant scenes like the one where Bran sends Ser Rodrik to Torrhen's Square. I just loved that approving look Rodrik gave to Bran, and the way Bran seems to be slowly growing and learning his responsibilities. Giving Jojen's greendream to Bran also makes things so much more simpler at this point, and that talk Bran had with Osha about it was really amazing to watch. And that foreshadowing about the two orphan boys..
					
					
							Edited by pykmi, 01 May 2012 - 10:51 AM.
503	FantA´me	2012-05-01	The characters age in the books too.  Martin is never specific about time passed, because it would not make sense.  Better to ignore it than try to explain it and show the readers how sloppy he is in this regard. Yes he is. For exemple Arya mentions her age in aFfC and she's 11 if I remember well .And we know that Rickon was 3 at the beginning of the series and 4 when he presumably died. I'm rather certain Martin is not "sloppy" regarding chronology.
504	FantA´me	2012-05-01	sorry about the double post
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 01 May 2012 - 11:24 AM.
505	The Monkey	2012-05-01	The guy who is playing Dagmer is Finchy in the original The Office. Didn't expect that.
506	FantA´me	2012-05-01	The camera going to Jon when Half-Hand mentions the First Men, as it foreshadows for the viewers.  I like when they allude to things on the show, and having read the books, knowing what they're building to.As for this instance, the first time watching, I didn't catch the camera on Jon, until reading woh dak nag gram's post and then going back to the DVR and watching that scene again. I don't understand what you are all talking about. It's not a secret that the Starks are descendants of the first Men so , what is it supposed to be foreshadowing exactly?
507	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-01	Anybody notice that Melisandre's necklace and Quaithe's arm bracelets/facemask have the same pattern?
508	Sir Dunk	2012-05-01	Shouldn't Jon have found the horn and Dragon Glass by now?
509	Ser Pink of Floyd	2012-05-01	Shouldn't Jon have found the horn and Dragon Glass by now?I dopubt he's going to find it now, perhaps they've written it so that Sam wonders upon finding it, its a minor thing for his character, but Sam defeating that 1 whitewalker with it gives us Sam the Slayer!Im not sure I like the look of Qhorin Halfhand, nothing against the actor but he just doesnt look as badass as Qhorin obviously is in the books. I always imagined him looking like a character 'Keldorn' from the PC game Baldurs Gate 2.Not a bad episode though, I think its better then last weeks and I cant wait to see what the battle at FoFM looks like, although I think that S2 will end with those 3 horn blasts.
510	imladolen	2012-05-01	Not to make it all about money here, but CGI is very expensive (unless you want it to look like something off the Syfy channel)Yeah, you are sooo right: the CGI on such shows as Battlestar Galactica, Stargate Universe, Eureka and Warehouse 13 all look like crap. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />In terms of directors Alan Taylor was around last year,Alik Sakharov has directed one of the best episodes this season, and David Petraca did a fine job of E5. Not sure I know who David Nutter is. We have a lot of Alan Taylor this year. Neil Marshall is supposed to be an A list film director.I think any problems have been with the teleplays not the directors.Other great directors from HBO that have worked on GoT: Timothy Van Patten (directed 2 eps of GoT so far, and directed such HBO greats as Rome, Deadwood, The Sopranos and The Wire, just to name a few), and Daniel Minahan (3 eps of GoT, as well as True Blood, Six Feet Under and Deadwood).
511	boojam	2012-05-01	Shouldn't Jon have found the horn and Dragon Glass by now?That's turns out to be important in the book, I think it will be Sam who finds it now.
512	So1ar	2012-05-01	I'm not bothered by the sex in this series but did anyone else notice this was the first episode out of 15 that had no nudity?
513	J_Crews	2012-05-01	I'm thinking Luwin will still die but maybe not when we expect him too and the reeds will come in later, maybe not until season three, I'm hoping so anyways, keeping my fingers crossed, i like the reeds, i would be upset if they don't cast them. I just don't see them having Osha disappear forever, because if they do then the actress will move on to other things and there'll be no guarantee of getting her back.  Natalia Tena has been so impressive in the role that GRRM has stated that he's even adjusted his plans for Osha's role in the books because of her portrayal.  Reeds or no Reeds, Natalia Tena ain't going nowhere, folks.
514	J_Crews	2012-05-01	Kirk on a planet where the women wear dresses that show a boob all the time?  He'd never leave!Har!  Funny...
515	bloodymime	2012-05-01	I just don't see them having Osha disappear forever, because if they do then the actress will move on to other things and there'll be no guarantee of getting her back.  Natalia Tena has been so impressive in the role that GRRM has stated that he's even adjusted his plans for Osha's role in the books because of her portrayal.  Reeds or no Reeds, Natalia Tena ain't going nowhere, folks.How many fans prefer show Osha over book Osha?I've never actually cared for the show Osha beginning from the first encounter with the wildlings. These are proud people who call themselves the free folk and sneer at kneelers yet they all came across as very cringing like whipped dogs to me. Osha is always describes as standing straight and tall while being very direct and no nonsense. I just haven't been able to enjoy the show Osha, she's always seeming sly and sneaky the way she slouches and tilts her head and plays at words.
516	J_Crews	2012-05-01	You have a very Tyrion attitude on this subject.Meant as a compliment, of course. Thank you.
517	J_Crews	2012-05-01	Changing his story lines around because he's impressed with the actor playing her? Interesting.I assume he's adding scenes to show her more or something
518	J_Crews	2012-05-01	How many fans prefer show Osha over book Osha?I've never actually cared for the show Osha beginning from the first encounter with the wildlings. These are proud people who call themselves the free folk and sneer at kneelers yet they all came across as very cringing like whipped dogs to me. Osha is always describes as standing straight and tall while being very direct and no nonsense. I just haven't been able to enjoy the show Osha, she's always seeming sly and sneaky the way she slouches and tilts her head and plays at words.I'm agnostic as which character is better, but I dig Natalia Tena, so I've just run with it.  As to her seeming less proud, she did beg for her life similarly in the book as well after the wolves tore into her companions.
519	J_Crews	2012-05-01	You're welcome...just take it easy with the booze and whores, OK?Har!  Har!
520	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-05-01	@ J.S. Crews
I think you're probably right, and I find it interesting that GRRM says he's including her more.  Problem, though:  If Osha becomes important in some way connected to Rickon in the story, its going to be tough for her to go North with Bran without changing that significantly; but if she stays with Rickon, she disappears.  
Here's my solution:  Lewin still dies, Osha still goes with Rickon.  The Reeds are introduced post-sack, and we get new (non-book) scenes of Osha+Rickon+Cannibals.  It might make the reveal later on, that Manderly knows where Rickon is, less surprising.  But we the reader already knew Rickon was alive, so the surprise is that Manderly knows it at all.  Here's hoping all the gnashing of teeth around here about the Reeds turns out to be much ado about nothing.
521	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-05-01	Just wanted to drop in and say I LOVE the dude playing Jaqen H'ghar.  Loved the end where he puts his finger on his face, straight outta the book.
522	Rockroi	2012-05-01	@ Ghost714Thank you so much for responding to that ridiculous ass post, I was getting so worried that it was going to go unchecked for pages.Well thanks, Ghost!  I am the author of that â<U+0080><U+009C>ridiculous ass post.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Sorry that I wrote it and that many people agree with it and that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a very accurate portrayal of Jon (the series) v. Jon (the book).  I am also sorry that I then provided a compare and contrast analysis of the two.  Next time Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll just say â<U+0080><U+009C>JON RULZâ<U+0080><U+009D> and I guess that would be fine. Qhorin definitely chose Jon in the book because, "the old powers were awakening", and he spotted Jon as a Warg. Qhorin knew having a son of Winterfell would be helpful now that the old magic has woken up, because the Starks have the blood of the First men, so the Old gods are strong in them.First of all, this is a huge leap without any foundation.   We have zero evidence to suggest this; Half-hand never talks to Jon about the link he (supposedly) has with the wolf.  Now, was Half-hand a warg himself?  Did he study its finer points?  NO CLUE!  We are never told nor could we ever imply as much from the info provided.  Second if this is true, its terrible story telling because IT JUST SO HAPPENS that the ONE WARG in all the Watch finds the only Warg Recruit in all the Watch.  Thank God they found each other.  Third,  if this is true (and considering how lame Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s journey has been so far I would not be surprised if this was the case) than Quirion is a MASTER!  He found the warg ability in Jon in 15 seconds!  Amazing.But, strangely, we are never told this.  Its never even implied.  He likes the wolf.  Great.   And yet you can say- with no evidence mind you- that Qhorin (sorry I have difficulty properly spelling made up words) picked Jon â<U+0080><U+009C>definitelyâ<U+0080><U+009D> because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a warg.  Amazing.  There is no evidence for this, but you can say it. I am sorry for being harsh, it just makes me very angry when someone goes into some long ass rant about how Jon should not have been chosen, they make it so long, constantly repeating themselves, "trying to make such a strong point", and they have no idea what they are talking about.Sorry, I was only building together cogent facts with analysis, evidence and persuasive points stitched together to make an argument.  Sorry if that makes you resort to insults.  My bad; didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know you were so sensitive. Jon getting Longclaw is not some undeserved gift either. Yes it was Jon's job to try and save Commander Mormont, but trying and succeeding are two different things.Okay, so just find me in the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch Oath where it says, â<U+0080><U+009C>I shall win no gloriesâ<U+0080>¦ except if I do something cool at the Wall, in which case I will totally get a sword so rare that at least one major house does not even have one.â<U+0080><U+009D> JUst to bury this point: Jon Snow, 15 years old, gets a sword made of the rarest steel in the realm; one so rare that only a relative few swords of its kind even exist. Jon gets one after being on the Wall for 8 weeks.  The Lannisters, by contrast, the richest clan in the 7 Kingdoms do not have such a sword.  But Jon Snow totaly has one. See, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my whole point- Jon is part of this body of men, but he is always separate from it; he gets to SAY that he will â<U+0080><U+009C>win no gloriesâ<U+0080><U+009D> and then wins glories; he gets to say that he will not get rewards, and then he is IMMEDIATELY rewarded.  He gets a sword- a Valaryian Steel Blade- for doing his job.  That is a classic point from the author that says, â<U+0080><U+009C>Dear Reader: this character is special and you better like him because he is going to be a round a long time.  A really long  time.â<U+0080><U+009D>  I wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even get to the part where he starts bedding a hot wilding girl and then bitches about it for 500 pages. Jon did not just try and save Mormont, he succeeded at saving Mormont, he managed to kill the Wight without getting himself, or Mormont killed. Mind you, it took multiple men of the Nights Watch to kill the other Wight named Jafer Flowers, but not befor (sic) that Wight killed Ser Jaremy Rykkar, the acting First Ranger in Benjen Starks absence.So where are their Valyrian Steel swords?  Seriously, why does Jon get this plum gift when its stated that he is never going to be entitled to any such gifts?  Look, I think what Jon did was brave and he deserves CREDIT for his actions; not a reward.  If he does get a reward, it should be more narrowly tailored.  Its a disproportional reward.  But in the realm of Jon Snow: Superhero, it makes sense.  He has a super direwolf, he is on the fast-track to command; he eventually gets elected Lord Commander (by many men who have NEVER MET HIM).  So, in the realm of the book, it makes sense because Jon's reality is so warped. And then he deserts.  Seriously.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the guy you gave that amazing sword to.  â<U+0080><U+009C>Now my watch begins, it shall not endâ<U+0080>¦. Until I really need to see my brother South of the Wallâ<U+0080>¦â<U+0080><U+009D> So the old Bear finds his family sword, after the fire, and he decides to give the sword to Jon, a surraget (sic) son, who happened to save his life.SEE!!!!  This is my problem you call Jon a surrogate (and you bitched at me for misspelling Qhorin; people on glass walls, my friend) son to a man he met 8 weeks ago!  I mean can you see how bizarre that is?  How short-sighted, lazy, quick, unearned, and lame that is?  Jon did a good act; he did his Job (I find your argument that Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s job was to stay in his cell to be unrealistic, unconvincing, poorly thought out, and trivial).  But to be rewarded with such a prize just smacks of hollow gratification and a character that HAS to be advanced much faster than would be expected or understood.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not only wearing â<U+0080><U+009C>plot armorâ<U+0080><U+009D> but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s in the â<U+0080><U+009C>plot race-carâ<U+0080><U+009D> speeding on high-octane â<U+0080><U+009C>plot- Nitrous Oxideâ<U+0080><U+009D> speeding down the â<U+0080><U+009C>plot highway.â<U+0080><U+009D> And in order to get that character "up to speed" he needs the arms for it.  BAM!  He gets the Valaryian Sword.  Just like that.  And who cares if it makes sense. Some people think Jeor should have sent Longclaw back to Bear Island, they think that would have made more sense. I don't understand that line of thinking. Jeor had just convinced Jon that their war against the Others and Wildlings was way more important than Jon going South to help Robb fight his war. So after Jeor having just said that to Jon, people think he should be a hypocrite and send his Valyrian Steel sword back to Bear Island, instead of giving it to a gifted young Swordsmen who is about to go on a Ranging North of the Wall, against the Wildlings and Others??The one who HAD JUST DESERTED!  Really?  See, having the sword go to Bear Island makes perfect sense because the sword is only Mormont's so long as he is head of that household.  When he stepped down it should have gone to his son or one of his (300) daughters.  Mormont is a steward of that sword and its held in his trust for the protection of Bear Islandâ<U+0080>¦ unless, of course, that the plot calls for him to give the sword to that cool young swordsman who is super great and has an amazing direwolf and just seems so â<U+0080>¦ so â<U+0080>¦ swell!!!  In that cse, give that family heirloom to that guy.  I mean, if Ned went to the Wall with Ice and met a similar person, he would NEVER give Ice to Robb!  Nah!  He would have given it to that new kid he just met... 8 weeks before... You say so yourself; you are so enamored by Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s talents and accomplishments (and by â<U+0080><U+009C>accomplishmentsâ<U+0080><U+009D> we mean â<U+0080><U+009C>nothing worthwhile yetâ<U+0080><U+009D>) that the fact that Mormont gives that sword so quickly makes sense to you.  Its because Jon is so â<U+0080>¦ so â<U+0080>¦ swell!!!!Gods, why can't people actually take their blinders off and think about something???Potâ<U+0080>¦ meet kettleâ<U+0080>¦
523	Rockroi	2012-05-01	Your not wrong.I don't like that Dan Weiss has made up his mind about Stannis, because I feel that he is wrong(I just watched that clip yesterday, before the new episode), and I feel like they are making Stannis the way Dan Weiss views him. I don't agree with that, because they should make Stannis the way he is in the books, that way the audience can deside how they feel about Stannis. Most people started out not liking him, and as the books went on they started to change their minds(myself included), but in the show they are making Stannis far to unlikeable, and I am fearing know one will change their minds about him as the show goes on. In my opinion, it's not right for them to tell the viewers how to feel, and that's pretty much what they are doing making Stannis so bad, instead of the awesome grey character that he is. It's like Dan Weiss judges Stannis by his cover, and forgot about a lot of good redeeming stuff about him, that we get in the later books. Dan Weiss saying Stannis would make a horrible King in that video, that did not sit well with me, especially because he said Renly would make a great King, because I don't agree with that, and it should be up to the individual to deside. Now people are going to be like, "see I told you Stannis would be horrible King, even Dan Weiss said so blah blah Renly woo!"So I feel your frustration, and it's not just you.Ghost- I disagree with you adamently about Jon Snow, but I could not agree more with you on your evaluation of Stannis and the show's conclusion that Stannis would make a "bad king" is unwelcome, misinformed, and shallow.  Its a "top-down" evaluation without any degree of evidence or proof.  Stannis- leader of men at war, at seige and on the sea -is just so ... so... mean... that he would make a bad King (we are told).  Renly, now that guy looks pretty in arnor and he's handsome and the gals like him so he must be a great King (we are told).That's not how this should work- give the audience the infomration and have us make up our own minds.  Have the audiance like Stannis or hate Rely; hav ethe audience say that Tywin is an asshole or that Ned Stark is an amazing man.  Why take the organiz fun out of it and replace it with fiat-driven conclusions that say "Dear Viewer: You Must HAte Stannis.  And Why?  Because he's a poopy-head!"  Its not proper story-telling.  The reader should ecide for him or herself what to like or what to hate.  Me?  Christ I LIKE STANNIS!  How screwed up is that!?I find the show's drive to conclusions instead of organic, "ground-up" discovery to be heavy-handed, unwelcome and unnecessary.  Let the people decide, not the (misinformed) heads of state.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 01 May 2012 - 07:13 PM.
524	Buttered Turnip	2012-05-01	I think things are pointing to Osha leading Bran and Hodor beyond the wall instead of traveling to Skaggos with Rickon.  I wonder if they will leave out the Skaggos trip entirely and just figure out a way to send Rickon strait to the Manderlys for safe keeping and then have him connect with Davos at White Harbor.
Edit - By the way, I tried to quote Aegontheunlikely's earlier post but can't figure it out.  I assume you just click quote on the post you want to respond to and then reply...but it's not working.  What am I doing wrong?
							Edited by Buttered Turnip, 01 May 2012 - 07:59 PM.
525	Jory	2012-05-01	Ghost- I disagree with you adamently about Jon Snow, but I could not agree more with you on your evaluation of Stannis and the show's conclusion that Stannis would make a "bad king" is unwelcome, misinformed, and shallow.  Its a "top-down" evaluation without any degree of evidence or proof.  Stannis- leader of men at war, at seige and on the sea -is just so ... so... mean... that he would make a bad King (we are told).  Renly, now that guy looks pretty in arnor and he's handsome and the gals like him so he must be a great King (we are told).That's not how this should work- give the audience the infomration and have us make up our own minds.  Have the audiance like Stannis or hate Rely; hav ethe audience say that Tywin is an asshole or that Ned Stark is an amazing man.  Why take the organiz fun out of it and replace it with fiat-driven conclusions that say "Dear Viewer: You Must HAte Stannis.  And Why?  Because he's a poopy-head!"  Its not proper story-telling.  The reader should ecide for him or herself what to like or what to hate.  Me?  Christ I LIKE STANNIS!  How screwed up is that!?I find the show's drive to conclusions instead of organic, "ground-up" discovery to be heavy-handed, unwelcome and unnecessary.  Let the people decide, not the (misinformed) heads of state.Yep, it's this kind of "Well... why don't you like Renly? He's better than Stannis you idiot! Look, we even change how he reacts to your favorite character Robb's alliance proposal". We aren't meant to like Stannis in the series, and that's very clear. I don't like it when that sort of thing gets shoved in my face, either. I especially don't like how all of their changes so far have been, more or less, anti-Stannis, making him into a more villainous or at the least incompetent and "influenced" character. For instance: Stannis doesn't say he loves Renly, Renly says that about Stannis. Stannis doesn't get a cool zinger in against Renly, Renly gets a cool zinger in against Stannis. It makes no sense.
526	Rockroi	2012-05-01	"In your bed she's like to die that way...."
Seriously, wtf?  Stannis tells like 5 jokes in the whole series, you can't let one slip through? 
You are 100% correct, Jory, insofar as in the books, we are not supposed to like Stannis (though I have always loved Stannis) but he grows on you; like a fine wine or mold.  In the books Stannis' dogged peristence is ... kinda hot.
In the show, you said it best: the writers REALLY want us to like/love Renly and we couldn't even find him interesting enough to invite on the second date.  I mean, we are obligated to like him, and hence the writers give him all that catchy dialog etc. 
Now there is also another (plausible) reason they gave him that dialog: because they were about to kill him.  See, two weeks ago I mentioned how when Yoren died in a "blaze of glory" I did not care for it because death and violence oin this world is not amazing and cool etc.  But the fact is a character kinda needs to have a cool "swan song" and for fighters (like Jory and Yoren etc) its going out cool with steel in your hand.  Well Renly its going out with catchy comebacks (and Stannis "The Ham" was kind of hillarious). 
Still, it rings hollow.
Look at pro-wrestling (stay with me).  In wrestling Vince McMahon would spend years trying to keep "Good Guys" as crowd favorites and make heels stay bad guys.  But then something amazing happened- some guys, most notably Brett Heart and Steve Austin - were clear "bad guys"... that the fans LOVED!  Fans loved Steve Austin and Roddy Piper and The Rock- all characters that were loathsome and arrogant and real assholes.  But the fans loved them.  So, instead of making the fans "like" the "good guys", Vince just decided, "Hey- why not just present what's out there and lety the FANS decide who they like and who they dislike?  Why force-feed them story-lines and plots?  Why not let it grow naturally? 
That's Stannis. 
I always liked Stannis.  I like that he is absolutely, 100% correct: he's the King.  Everyone in Westeros lives in a monarchy; they don't get to decide if they "like" or "don't like" the KIng.  Irrellevant.  All that matters is that Stanns is Robert's true-born heir and that Joff, Myrcella and Tommen are abominations and the product of incest between Jaime and Cersei.  THe fact that Renly turns his back on Stannis and makes his own claim is as gauling as it is unfair: Stannios backed Robert the way Renly should have backed Stannis.  I like that Stannis sees the unfairness.
I also like that Stannis has all the social graces and charmes of a howitzer.  I love that:
-He took the word "beloved" from his description of Robert;
-That when he meets Sam Tarly he says that "(parapjrase) I would not expect Lord Tarly to have a son like you."  And then says "You would make a useful hostage.'
-That when he raises Davos to Hand, Davos says, "But the lords will not follow me, and Stannis replies (without a HINT of sentimentality), "Then we will make new ones" (seriously: that's a fucking amazing thing to say). 
I love that he has no grace, no charm, no polish.  I love that he has determination, steel, and grit. 
And if the producers cannot see that then... well then I guess that explains why they think Roz works...
527	J_Crews	2012-05-01	I always liked Stannis.  I like that he is absolutely, 100% correct: he's the King.  Everyone in Westeros lives in a monarchy; they don't get to decide if they "like" or "don't like" the KIng.  Irrellevant.  All that matters is that Stanns is Robert's true-born heir and that Joff, Myrcella and Tommen are abominations and the product of incest between Jaime and Cersei.  THe fact that Renly turns his back on Stannis and makes his own claim is as gauling as it is unfair: Stannios backed Robert the way Renly should have backed Stannis.  I like that Stannis sees the unfairness.I also like that Stannis has all the social graces and charmes of a howitzer.  I love that:-He took the word "beloved" from his description of Robert;-That when he meets Sam Tarly he says that "(parapjrase) I would not expect Lord Tarly to have a son like you."  And then says "You would make a useful hostage.'-That when he raises Davos to Hand, Davos says, "But the lords will not follow me, and Stannis replies (without a HINT of sentimentality), "Then we will make new ones" (seriously: that's a fucking amazing thing to say).I love that he has no grace, no charm, no polish.  I love that he has determination, steel, and grit.And if the producers cannot see that then... well then I guess that explains why they think Roz works...I agree.  But, to be fair, I think they're playing him up as a shitheel, so that his FACE-turn means more later, the same way they forcefully endeared Renly to the viewers in order to make his death mean something.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 01 May 2012 - 08:25 PM.
528	Rockroi	2012-05-01	I agree.  But, to be fair, I think they're playing him up as a shitheel, so that his FACE-turn means more later, the same way they forcefully endeared Renly to the viewers in order to make his death mean something.Yeah, that is almost assuredly true.  I think that makes sense and when you think about it, the books also capitalized on all that.
529	Elfangle	2012-05-01	@ Rockroi: you really don't like Jon do you? 
Everything you accuse Jon of is practically the same for Dany and Tyrion.  And that is perfectly understandable because George has a role set out for them. They cant stay insignificant characters. Jon needs to get a valyrian sword and become LC in the same way as Dany needs to get dragons somehow and Tyrion has an affinity with dragons and leaves Westeros. There are so many things these 3 people acquire and get away with because that is needed for the story to develop. Is that a bit unrealistic? Off course it is but it is also necessary. Else we would still be stuck with a powerless khalesi, a powerless steward and a dwarf stuck in his fathers army. 
As for Jon getting the Mormont sword. The old bear obviously likes him and how can you judge that saving his life is not enough for him to give the sword? Maybe Mormont likes to be not dead and this is his way of thanking a men with a bright future in the NW. Why did Catelyn released Jaimy knowing very well it would create huge problems for her son. Why did Rob marry Jeyne knowing very well it would humiliate the Freys? All these decisions are not based on logics and reasoning and what is realistic or not. They are inpulsive and based on emotions. Why would it not be possible for Mormont to identify with Jon? The man has been on the wall for ages, he must miss his family. He oviously had his reasons for not sending the sword to his daughters else he would have done it. Him knowing that the others are coming is a viable reason. His duties are to protect seven kingdoms. So giving a strong asset to someone who will play an important role in that cause is very reasonable.
Why is Jon being chosen by the halfhand so strange. All you do is wipe arguments that others are making from the table but you do not come up with any arguments from your side why it would make sense for the halfhand to allow Jon to accompany him after Jon asks himself. To me the scene in the tv show just means that the halfhand did not even considered taking Jon with him. So why would he then suddenly accept him along? Because Jon stated he killed a wight? Please, if there is one guy that doesnt care about bragging it's Qhorin. There is no place in his team for people who are full off themselves. So him choosing Jon on hos own initiative makes more sense to me because he did it for a reason. And there are plenty of reasons (although you shot each down). First, Jon has a freaking dire wolf! They are suppose to live beyond the wall so having one would be a great asset. Second, Although Qhorin would not care about bragging, he probably knows that Jon killed a wight! This tells him that Jon has plenty of courage (does his job as a member of the NW), can handle himself in such a situation and is a fast thinker. It's the kind of man you would want for such a mission. Third, he knows Jon is a Stark. With all the crazy stuff going on with the others, Jons blood and connection to the old gods and the CotF might come in handy. Qhorin is practical and any aspect, no matter how small, that might help their mission or improve their chances at survival is an asset to him. Jons heritage could play a role, no matter how insignificant ( same goes for Ghost, who is a pretty huge asset). And fourth, I think Qhorin knew Benjen Stark. He knew the man Benjen was and then you have his nephew. There might be some emotional connection to besides the pure practical one!
530	J_Crews	2012-05-01	<-----------------  BIG STANNIS FAN
531	Jory	2012-05-01	I agree.  But, to be fair, I think they're playing him up as a shitheel, so that his FACE-turn means more later, the same way they forcefully endeared Renly to the viewers in order to make his death mean something.You think so? One of the producers has outright said that Stannis would make a terrible king. I'm not so sure this is what they're doing. For all I know, Daenaerys will be the one who saves the Wall from the wildling attack, the way this plot is going.
532	J_Crews	2012-05-01	You think so? One of the producers has outright said that Stannis would make a terrible king. I'm not so sure this is what they're doing. For all I know, Daenaerys will be the one who saves the Wall from the wildling attack, the way this plot is going.They'd never, ever, ever make that drastic of a completely plot-altering change.  Never happen.
533	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-01	<-----------------  BIG STANNIS FANNo that would be me.
534	Morrigan	2012-05-01	How many fans prefer show Osha over book Osha?I've never actually cared for the show Osha beginning from the first encounter with the wildlings. These are proud people who call themselves the free folk and sneer at kneelers yet they all came across as very cringing like whipped dogs to me. Osha is always describes as standing straight and tall while being very direct and no nonsense. I just haven't been able to enjoy the show Osha, she's always seeming sly and sneaky the way she slouches and tilts her head and plays at words.Agreed. I don't have anything against show-Osha, but she's a very different character and I much prefer the badass, proud, no-nonsense, older book-Osha.I'm agnostic as which character is better, but I dig Natalia Tena, so I've just run with it.  As to her seeming less proud, she did beg for her life similarly in the book as well after the wolves tore into her companions.Not even close to "similarly". In the books, she throws down her spear and asks, "mercy, m'lord", and falls on her knees in a quiet and dignified way. In the TV show, she falls on the ground like a cringing dog and begs for her life in a simpering tone. When mercy is granted she pretty much sobs in relief and starts kissing Robb's boots (or the hem of his cloak or something). I really hated that, she looked pathetic and cowardly instead of strong and dignified.
535	LuisDantas	2012-05-01	I agree.  But, to be fair, I think they're playing him up as a shitheel, so that his FACE-turn means more later, the same way they forcefully endeared Renly to the viewers in order to make his death mean something."Face turn"?  Book Stannis was fairly likeable up until Renly's death.  Then it was all over.Ever since he is at best an anti-hero, and that at his best moments.  He is basically a mafia boss that happens to have a reason to protect you - he is even demanding "protection" money and other "favors" from the people he swears to want to serve.If anything, he is getting worse in his morality.  As of ADWD he actually claims in a letter to Jon Snow that he will kill the prisoners that he made at Deepwood Motte except for the highborn, yet no one seems to have noticed that.Stannis as a good guy is basically a fandon creation.  It lacks support from the actual books.
					
					
							Edited by LuisDantas, 01 May 2012 - 10:46 PM.
536	LuisDantas	2012-05-01	Anybody notice that Melisandre's necklace and Quaithe's arm bracelets/facemask have the same pattern?I didn't.  It is no coincidence that the two are Asshai characters, I suppose.  In fact, they are the only two characters that we know to come from Asshai.
537	Jern Ormen	2012-05-01	LOVED
Arya and Tywin's chemistry in this episode.
Jaquen's overall awesomeness.
Drogon, the other dragons, and Ghost making appearances.
Rickon smashing nuts (it's really the little things that make all the difference)
The House of the Undying foreshadowing, complete with Pyrat Pree's absolutely unsettling appearance, and Quaithe's appearance in the middle of the crowd was even better than her riding up in the desert
Tyrion, Bronn, and the Pyromancer scene.
Jorah and Dany's scene being salvaged by incredible acting
OKAY with
The changes in the Renly's death and aftermath. From a reader's perspective, I can understand why it had to be done for the TV audience.
Theon's scene was well done, but Dagmer needs to have a cleft jaw.
Show Samwell is officially better than Book Samwell.
Not seeing Dany's breast. Is it me, or did her handmaidens get 1000x hotter inbetween seasons?
NOT SO OK with
The exclusion of Jon's wolf dream.
The shadowbaby. Wouldn't it have been easier on the budget just to have the shadow appear out of Renly's shadow on the tent curtain? Then stab Renly's shadow, and BOOM! Blood spurting out of Renly's chest. That being said, loved the sound it made when it stabbed Renly.  
Mormont and Jon being a bit out of character at the Fist.
The Tickler dying first. I can see why they did it, but damnit, Arya killing him was a fist pump moment in the books.
Sandor's absence from the episode /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Jern Ormen, 01 May 2012 - 10:49 PM.
538	Silmarien	2012-05-01	Didn't have time to read all 28 pages, but here are some of my opinions.
What does everyone think about the change in Xaro Xaroan Daxos? He has gone from a pedophile to a very ambitious man courting Daenerys. I think I like the TV Xaro better.
This is a nitpick but I didn't like Quaithe's mask. And why did she appear to Ser Jorah first, and not Dany?
In the trailers people bitched and moaned about Dany's "The Starks and Lannisters fight each other, the Baratheons destroy each other" line, but it totally makes sense in the context. Sigh - people get so critical before they even see the episodes!
I LOVED the Harrenhal scenes. Arya was quick on her feet naming herself part of the Dreadfort (and how ironic, lol - fake Arya, anyone?). Tywin seems fair with his servants, not unkind. It wouldn't surprise me if she had qualms about killing him.
It seems the Tickler won't be dying in an inn via Sandor. I HOPE they keep Polliver for that scene! PLEASE!!!
If she has the Mountain killed, it'll screw up the Dorne plotline an Tyrion's trial by combat vs 2.0. I hope she doesn't have him killed - I was hoping the Dorne plotline would remain. I realize they'll have to cut A LOT of the Dorne stuff but I want at least a little of it in there. They don't need it until Season 3 and mostly 4 anyway.
539	J_Crews	2012-05-01	@ The Scabbard Of the Morning
Apparently, we of the Stannis-supporters are in a minority.  Is it weird that makes me like him even more?  :/
540	Jern Ormen	2012-05-01	@ The Scabbard Of the MorningApparently, we of the Stannis-supporters are in a minority.  Is it weird that makes me like him even more?  :/Stannis fan here. He may not be the most socially adept person in the Seven Kingdoms, but he seems to be fighting the actual battle that's going to matter in the long run. The one at The Wall That, and TV Stannis really cemented himself as Stannis in this episode. I was on fence about him last week, now I'm sold
541	J_Crews	2012-05-01	Not even close to "similarly". In the books, she throws down her spear and asks, "mercy, m'lord", and falls on her knees in a quiet and dignified way. In the TV show, she falls on the ground like a cringing dog and begs for her life in a simpering tone. When mercy is granted she pretty much sobs in relief and starts kissing Robb's boots (or the hem of his cloak or something). I really hated that, she looked pathetic and cowardly instead of strong and dignified.Okay, so "similarly" was a bit of a poor quaifier for me to use.  The point I was making was that she asked for mercy, bent the knee, and ended-up a servant of House Stark, just like in the books.  Quibbling about how she did it is ridiculous.  They're adapting an entire series, of which she is not even a 2nd-tier character.  We're lucky she even resembles book Osha in that they're both female and that she wasn't cut completely.
542	J_Crews	2012-05-01	Stannis fan here. He may not be the most socially adept person in the Seven Kingdoms, but he seems to be fighting the actual battle that's going to matter in the long run. The one at The WallThat, and TV Stannis really cemented himself as Stannis in this episode. I was on fence about him last week, now I'm soldYup.  Plus, I've said it before and I'll say it 1000 more times: I'll take a King who fights for the crown because he has no choice but to do so without completely ignoring the law, and who is just (even if he might be too strict at times) over someone who wants the crown for his own aggrandizement.  Of the 5 Kings in the war, Stannis and Robb were the only ones I would've served, if it was real life.
543	J_Crews	2012-05-01	Is it me, or did her handmaidens get 1000x hotter inbetween seasons? It's not just you.
544	J_Crews	2012-05-01	Arya was quick on her feet naming herself part of the Dreadfort (and how ironic, lol - fake Arya, anyone?).Dreadfort?
545	J_Crews	2012-05-01	"Face turn"?  Book Stannis was fairly likeable up until Renly's death.  Then it was all over.Ever since he is at best an anti-hero, and that at his best moments.  He is basically a mafia boss that happens to have a reason to protect you - he is even demanding "protection" money and other "favors" from the people he swears to want to serve.If anything, he is getting worse in his morality.  As of ADWD he actually claims in a letter to Jon Snow that he will kill the prisoners that he made at Deepwood Motte except for the highborn, yet no one seems to have noticed that.Stannis as a good guy is basically a fandon creation.  It lacks support from the actual books.In other words, you dislike the character because he acts like real-life historical medieval lords acted, especially when on a war-footing, instead of some romanticized fairy-tale King Arthur wannabe.  Stannis is probably the most authentic character in the whole series.
546	J_Crews	2012-05-01	<-----------  Hates it when he is the only one posting and all his posts get stuck together.   Grrrrrrrrr
547	Jern Ormen	2012-05-01	Indeed. Stannis at least is fighting for what is his by rights. No one in the entire series, save for Dany, has a better claim to the Iron Throne than Stannis Baratheon.
Given the fact that Joff, Tommen, and Myrcella are products of Cersei and Jamie's incestous acts, the throne passes to Stannis by default.
Yes, he may be too strict at times. But to be fair, that's how lords and kings ruled their subjects and bannermen in medieval times. The "Give them an inch, and they take a mile" proverb is very clearly in Stannis' doctrine, and rightfully so. At least he has a sense of duty and honor. He punishes those who break the law, and rewards those who help him/ swear fealty to him. Davos is a living example of that.  
If he would just punt Melissandre out of Westeros, because she's blatantly playing him like a fiddle, only an idiot wouldn't have noticed that by now.
548	LuisDantas	2012-05-01	Yup.  Plus, I've said it before and I'll say it 1000 more times: I'll take a King who fights for the crown because he has no choice but to do so without completely ignoring the law, and who is just (even if he might be too strict at times) over someone who wants the crown for his own aggrandizement.  Of the 5 Kings in the war, Stannis and Robb were the only ones I would've served, if it was real life.So you are putting the letter of the law above actual competence, support and moral character?Would you support Joffrey if he were Robert's son?  If not, why?I'll leave the matter of whether Stannis may be fairly described as "just" for another time.
					
					
							Edited by LuisDantas, 01 May 2012 - 11:59 PM.
549	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	In other words, you dislike the character because he acts like real-life historical medieval lords acted, especially when on a war-footing, instead of some romanticized fairy-tale King Arthur wannabe.  Stannis is probably the most authentic character in the whole series.I dislike him because he claims to be a far nobler man than he actually is.  And he is getting worse.
550	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	Indeed. Stannis at least is fighting for what is his by rights. No one in the entire series, save for Dany, has a better claim to the Iron Throne than Stannis Baratheon.Given the fact that Joff, Tommen, and Myrcella are products of Cersei and Jamie's incestous acts, the throne passes to Stannis by default.Do you honestly see a throne as a right?  Do you feel that monarchy should be reestablished in countries that gave up on it?Yes, he may be too strict at times. But to be fair, that's how lords and kings ruled their subjects and bannermen in medieval times. The "Give them an inch, and they take a mile" proverb is very clearly in Stannis' doctrine, and rightfully so. At least he has a sense of duty and honor. He punishes those who break the law, and rewards those who help him/ swear fealty to him. Davos is a living example of that.Maybe he was that way once.  We can't know, since he is so different by the time he meets Renly at Storm's End.  Davos seems to believe he was.If he would just punt Melissandre out of Westeros, because she's blatantly playing him like a fiddle, only an idiot wouldn't have noticed that by now.But on that, at least, Stannis is very honest.  He puts up with Melisandre because he needs her power to attain his ambitions.  Weren't it for her living shadows, she wouldn't have stolen Renly's bannermen and his campaign for Kingship would be cut short.He is correct in that analysis, albeit choosing to overlook the moral prices involved and the long-term results.
551	J_Crews	2012-05-02	So you are putting the letter of the law above actual competence, support and moral character?Kingship is not, nor is it supposed to be, a popularity contest.Would you support Joffrey if he were Robert's son?  If not, why?I would support that he had a just claim, but then so did the Mad King.  There's a difference between being unpopular and being a tyrant.I'll leave the matter of whether Stannis may be fairly described as "just" for another time.Even Varys describes him as just.  Men like Ned and Jon Arryn would never have commiserated with him were he not.
552	Jovet	2012-05-02	Natalia Tena has been so impressive in the role that GRRM has stated that he's even adjusted his plans for Osha's role in the books because of her portrayal.Eeeek!Â Â I don't really like reading that.Â Â I understand the need for changes to the plot by the TV adaptation... but I don't like the idea of the TV adaptation polluting the original story GRRM is telling/going to tell.
553	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Do you honestly see a throne as a right?  Do you feel that monarchy should be reestablished in countries that gave up on it? The last time I checked nowhere in Westeros had anyone even considered any other form of government, so your point is... pointless.
554	J_Crews	2012-05-02	she wouldn't have stolen Renly's bannermen and his campaign for Kingship would be cut short.They were *HIS* bannermen from the start is what you seem to be missing.  He was the rightful King (and still is).  Renly was a usurper, playing at being a king as though it were a popularity contest.
555	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Eeeek!  I don't really like reading that.  I understand the need for changes to the plot by the TV adaptation... but I don't like the idea of the TV adaptation polluting the original story GRRM is telling/going to tell.I imagine he's just adding scenes/dialogue for her.  We'll have to wait and see.
556	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	Kingship is not, nor is it supposed to be, a popularity contest.To an extent that is true.  However, when one puts the notion of a deserved kingship on the table, it is only fair to ask on what basis that kingship would be deserved.Renly had a good answer to that.  Stannis has a very lame one, half based on a self-serving and unproven interpretation of the law.  The other half of his claim is even worse, based on lies and hypocrisy.I would support that he had a just claim, but then so did the Mad King.  There's a difference between being unpopular and being a tyrant.Even Varys describes him as just.  Men like Ned and Jon Arryn would never have commiserated with him were he not.None of them knew that he was a betrayer and a kinslayer, however.  Odds are good that in fact Stannis changed a lot for the worst since they last saw him.
557	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	The last time I checked nowhere in Westeros had anyone even considered any other form of government, so your point is... pointless.Maybe you are forgetting that both the Night's Watch and the Ironborn hold actual elections, then.More to the point, if you are willing to allow that there must be a King, both common sense and actual history show that inheritance laws are useless or worse as a way of deciding who should be the King.I can see the appeal of believing that the True Lawful Successor should be King and put the painful matters of succession to rest.  Unfortunately, that Does Not Work.  Laws are blind, and can't possibly tell an inept or cruel monarch-to-be from an Aegon V.  That is why people can and must trump their letter every time.For an actual historical example (and argument against strict laws of succession by blood), see this Wikipedia paragraph:http://en.wikipedia....e_Good_Emperors
558	Menos Grande	2012-05-02	All Kings are thieves and Conquerors, and yet Robb was chosen.. so he is as legit as it gets.
We see thing in a different perspective and "we can't posibly think of being ruled by a king". It is a cultural thing, like "I would not wear or made my woman/daughter wear a burka" , Also oriental people have others views we western have a concept that "The customer is always right", so If i made a request in a restaurant i should receive what I asked for. Oriental people don't see this way, they see that "The chef vows for his dish, and wouldn't let anyone changed as it pleased, and possibly ruin the dish, as the fault would fall in him".
All this views aren't wrong, they're just foregin for us.. If you lived in somewere else you'd have different ideas, like think it is ok to be ruled by a king.
I think independent of the regime there are social relations that will always appear, the work and the power of ruling will be divided also in similar fashion.
George Martin shows this a bit, by the eyes of Tyrion, as Tyrion cross the sea he is eventualy sold as a slave, and he than states that "The slaves live better lives than the peasent in Westeros"
Another view, is the obvious contrast between the Westerosi people and the free folk beyond the wall (Wildlings). For the free folk, their freedom has a obivous value that the westerosi can't grasp.. for the westerosi the confort of "The south of the wall" is way better than the "freedom of the north".
Worse (or better) the Westerosi people don't think they're bound, they think themselves free, and they see the "freedom" of the Wildlings a frightfull thing that bring chaos and destruction, they clam the "laws" as we do too (we western).
We want the law, we want to "lose the freedom to steal, abduct and rape", because we fear that this is done to us.
So the Free folk is freer than Westerosi, that are Freer than the Slavers from Maareen.... and yet how much more free you get, the harder your life get, because you yourself have to protect you and those you love, and no one will anwser for "crimes" made. It is a trade off.
So yes, it is possible to live "well" in a monarchy system , as we live in a republic... there will be trade offs, that I myself can't make but only because I lived all my life in a republic, If I was born in a monarchy I would probably strugle the same way about "being more free in a republic", and maybe I would not want it.
					
					
							Edited by Menos Grande, 02 May 2012 - 12:38 AM.
559	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	They were *HIS* bannermen from the start is what you seem to be missing.  He was the rightful King (and still is).  Renly was a usurper, playing at being a king as though it were a popularity contest.No, no, no.  Nope.  No way whatsoever.What is it that makes some people think that Lords can be someone's bannermen against their wish, and without their explicit consent?Or, for that matter, that Stannis can be the "rightful" King when he did not establish his right in any way, shape or form?  Without proof that he is Robert's successor, nor a favorable judgement from someone else?Renly had actual support.  Stannis had an unproven claim, an unhealthy amount of hurt pride, and a failing and rotten moral character that led him towards broken tactics.The Tyrells, Florents and other Houses were not and could not possibly "be" Stannis' bannermen until and unless they actually gave Stannis support.  Even if there was no controversy about who is Robert's inheritor, that would still be true.  There is a reason why Joffrey scheduled fealty cerimonies practically at the moment he sat at the Iron Throne; they are needed and not at all optional.Stannis is emphatically not entitled to the support of any specific Lord just because Robert died.  Nor is Joffrey, or for that matter anyone else.  Fealty is far too important a matter to be actually ruled by something as mundane and mindless as a law.
					
					
							Edited by LuisDantas, 02 May 2012 - 12:38 AM.
560	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Maybe you are forgetting that both the Night's Watch and the Ironborn hold actual elections, then.More to the point, if you are willing to allow that there must be a King, both common sense and actual history show that inheritance laws are useless or worse as a way of deciding who should be the King.I can see the appeal of believing that the True Lawful Successor should be King and put the painful matters of succession to rest.  Unfortunately, that Does Not Work.  Laws are blind, and can't possibly tell an inept or cruel monarch-to-be from an Aegon V.  That is why people can and must trump their letter every time.For an actual historical example (and argument against strict laws of succession by blood), see this Wikipedia paragraph:http://en.wikipedia....e_Good_EmperorsI hear you and I actually agree on a philosophical level, but the point is moot.  We aren't debating political science here.  The Iron Throne is passed from ruler to heir, by right of birth and blood.  The end.
561	Died a Hero	2012-05-02	I think I figured out why they've decided to use the second name for crows (ravens) for Bran's dreams.
Bloodraven.
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 02 May 2012 - 12:40 AM.
562	Jory	2012-05-02	Maybe you are forgetting that both the Night's Watch and the Ironborn hold actual elections, then.More to the point, if you are willing to allow that there must be a King, both common sense and actual history show that inheritance laws are useless or worse as a way of deciding who should be the King.I can see the appeal of believing that the True Lawful Successor should be King and put the painful matters of succession to rest.  Unfortunately, that Does Not Work.  Laws are blind, and can't possibly tell an inept or cruel monarch-to-be from an Aegon V.  That is why people can and must trump their letter every time.For an actual historical example (and argument against strict laws of succession by blood), see this Wikipedia paragraph:http://en.wikipedia....e_Good_EmperorsExcept using the Roman example as an argument is stupid because nothing like it exists - the closest the books come is when Stannis offers to name Renly his heir in place of Shireen, in fact.1) The Night's Watch is made up of rapists and thieves. It's not the governing body of Westeros.2) The Iron Islands haven't had "elections" for a thousand years, at least. The one time they tried it afterwards, the election gave them Euron. Great system?If, from your point of view, inheritance laws re: kingdoms are meaningless, then that's fine. Nobody is going to be able to convince you otherwise, and the general lack of anything but constitutional monarchies would suggest that people generally think you're right. That has nothing - absolutely nothing - to do with Westeros. You also made a ton of flat-out wrong points about Stannis in this thread, but I've already covered them fairly cohesively in countless other Stannis threads where you're quick to attack him, so I won't really bother. I know it must seem cool to have a man whose duty, honor, justice, etc., is "completely a fiction, conjured up by the reader and other characters" but unfortunately that just isn't the story you're reading.
563	J_Crews	2012-05-02	None of them knew that he was a betrayer and a kinslayer, however.  Odds are good that in fact Stannis changed a lot for the worst since they last saw him.Kinslayer, yes; betrayer, no... and we still don't know to what extent he was aware during the whole shadowbaby thing.  What we can see with our own eyes is that he was clearly feeling remorse and even a little guilt after Renly died.  But even all of that is in the past.  Once he went north, he changed for the better.
564	Jory	2012-05-02	No, no, no.  Nope.  No way whatsoever.What is it that makes some people think that Lords can be someone's bannermen against their wish, and without their explicit consent?Or, for that matter, that Stannis can be the "rightful" King when he did not establish his right in any way, shape or form?  Without proof that he is Robert's successor, nor a favorable judgement from someone else?He knows it's true, we know it's true, this line of reasoning is just so strange to me. His right comes before Renly's, either way.Renly had actual support.  Stannis had an unproven claim, an unhealthy amount of hurt pride, and a failing and rotten moral character that led him towards broken tactics.Stannis had been loyal to his elder brother all his life. Renly couldn't even do that, even though Stannis was unlikely to ever have any more sons - which meant Renly would most definitely have succeeded him. It's bizarre how you attribute pride to Stannis and not Renly. How prideful to you have to be to name yourself king with no claim whatsoever, with people who only back you because you have a pretty face? No, Renly (in the books) was not - truly - qualified to rule. He was a fool, and he was surrounded by fools, and he thought the world of himself. No matter how you look at it, Renly was a traitor, and he died for it.By the way, his "failing and rotten moral character" was what led him to save the kingdom from the wildlings and try to rescue Arya.
565	J_Crews	2012-05-02	No, no, no.  Nope.  No way whatsoever.What is it that makes some people think that Lords can be someone's bannermen against their wish, and without their explicit consent?Because he's the flipping King.  Even their lands are actually his lands.  In an absolute monarchy, true alloidial (sp?) ownership of all land rests with the king and is parceled-out to vassal lords in return for fealty and service.  Those bannermen owe fealty to Storm's End and Highgarden, which owe their fealty, in turn, to the Iron Throne... of which Stannis is the rightful holder.Or, for that matter, that Stannis can be the "rightful" King when he did not establish his right in any way, shape or form?  Without proof that he is Robert's successor, nor a favorable judgement from someone else?And who, pray tell, would have the right to make any such judgement?  The Sealord of Bravos?  That isn't how medieval monarchies worked.Renly had actual support.  Stannis had an unproven claim, an unhealthy amount of hurt pride, and a failing and rotten moral character that led him towards broken tactics.So, his younger brother had a better claim?  Actually, Stannis's claim (and Robert's before him), as eldest brother and therefore head of House Baratheon goes back to the fact that their grandmother was a daughter of Aegon V Targaryen, so Renly's B.S. about the rules of succession not mattering when Robert took the throne was just that... B.S.  They rebelled against the Mad King and only after they'd won was Robert crowned instead of Ned or Jon Arryn because he had the better claim.
566	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Except using the Roman example as an argument is stupid because nothing like it exists - the closest the books come is when Stannis offers to name Renly his heir in place of Shireen, in fact.1) The Night's Watch is made up of rapists and thieves. It's not the governing body of Westeros.2) The Iron Islands haven't had "elections" for a thousand years, at least. The one time they tried it afterwards, the election gave them Euron. Great system?If, from your point of view, inheritance laws re: kingdoms are meaningless, then that's fine. Nobody is going to be able to convince you otherwise, and the general lack of anything but constitutional monarchies would suggest that people generally think you're right. That has nothing - absolutely nothing - to do with Westeros. You also made a ton of flat-out wrong points about Stannis in this thread, but I've already covered them fairly cohesively in countless other Stannis threads where you're quick to attack him, so I won't really bother. I know it must seem cool to have a man whose duty, honor, justice, etc., is "completely a fiction, conjured up by the reader and other characters" but unfortunately that just isn't the story you're reading.Thank you.
567	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-02	Eeeek!Â Â I don't really like reading that.Â Â I understand the need for changes to the plot by the TV adaptation... but I don't like the idea of the TV adaptation polluting the original story GRRM is telling/going to tell.Seriously? How would you even notice that? There is no material to compare! Or is my sarcasm meter broken?
568	J_Crews	2012-05-02	His right comes before Renly's, either way.Exactly
569	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Stannis had been loyal to his elder brother all his life. Renly couldn't even do that, even though Stannis was unlikely to ever have any more sons - which meant Renly would most definitely have succeeded him. It's bizarre how you attribute pride to Stannis and not Renly. How prideful to you have to be to name yourself king with no claim whatsoever, with people who only back you because you have a pretty face? No, Renly (in the books) was not - truly - qualified to rule. He was a fool, and he was surrounded by fools, and he thought the world of himself. No matter how you look at it, Renly was a traitor, and he died for it.Right.  Show Renly versus book Renly is a big difference.  Book Renly did nothing in his whole life of consequence, aside from dress in fancy clothes and throw masquerade balls.
570	DirePenguin	2012-05-02	I wish they'd show the actual siege of Torhen's Square. Getting a bit sick of the series skipping most warfare battles and only hint about them in conversation/after maths.
I'm so happy there's no porn.
571	BlackTalon	2012-05-02	No, no, no.  Nope.  No way whatsoever.What is it that makes some people think that Lords can be someone's bannermen against their wish, and without their explicit consent?What on earth are you talking about???OF COURSE a bannerman gets no choice about what lord they follow!Do you seriously think that House Umber or House Cerwyn could suddenly decide "Humdeedoo, red and gold go better with my wifeÂ´s lipstick, from now on IÂ´ll be bannerman to Tywin Lannister instead of Robb Stark!"Good luck with that!If you are born heir to a house tha has always been sworn to some other house, you too will automatically be sworn to that house, that is basically the essence of the feudal system.As far as the "rightful king" and the "right to the throne" are concerned: At the end of the day a throne will always go to the person that is strong and popular enough to TAKE the throne, as has been shown again and again, in our history as well as in the history of Westeros, by Aegon the Conqueror as well as by Robert Baratheon. As one memorable line in "Shogun" by James Clavell goes : "Rebelling against your lord is ALWAYS treason ... unless you win."It is just indicative of Stannis' rigidity and inflexibility that he seems to be unable to grasp this.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 02 May 2012 - 01:16 AM.
572	Jern Ormen	2012-05-02	I hear you and I actually agree on a philosophical level, but the point is moot.  We aren't debating political science here.  The Iron Throne is passed from ruler to heir, by right of birth and blood.  The end.That's my point.To Luis,Political Science has no place in Westeros. Stannis has the best claim because of his blood and birth. He is Renly elder brother, therefore he is before Renly in the line of succession. It may not be just or even right, but its the way things are done in Westeros.The Iron Island's kingsmoot and The King in the North are still more or less still based on the principle of blood and birth.Crow's Eye ends up winning the Kingsmoot primarily because he is a Greyjoy (The Great House of the Pyke region) and was able to sway the masses to his cause, mainly due to piss poor showings from the other candidates. But the fact still remains that a Greyjoy, descendants of the Grey King won the Seastone Chair, keeping the line of succession intactRobb is declared King in the North by his bannermen. Once again, primarily due to the fact that he is a Stark (The Great House of the North). Guess who was the last King in the North? That's right, a Stark, The King who Knelt during Aegon's Conquest. Once again, a Stark is named King in the North, picking up where the last King left off, not breaking the line of succession
573	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-05-02	Ok, very late to the party but my internet is crap for streaming. Anyway, let's get to the point:I found this episode to be very weak comparing with the previous one. Not just because IMO ep. 4 was the best of the bunch and put me all over the emotion spectrum, but also due to faults of its own:Renly's death - I know that they must simplify everything to the core for tv-viewers-only, but c'mon, seriously??? It was lame having the shadow actually stabbing his heart. It could have been handled in some other way explicit enough for non-book-readers to understand, but without all this cliche-cheesyness. Plus, in my point of view, the way the portrayed the scene, with Renly removing his armour instead of donning it, diminished and weakened what made this scene so powerful - which was the fact that even strong, fully armored men were no match for the Lord of the Light and his power.Loras's reaction - my second "c'mon" yelled at my laptop screen in less than 2 minutes (never a good thing). Call me nitpicky, but young, reckless, "live fast die young" Loras would never have such a "cold", rational approach to Renly's death. The way it was depicted in the books seemed more believable. And since in the show they brought up Renly-Loras relationship more explicity than the books ever did, I really think there was no need to change this aftermath.Bran's "sea in Winterfell" dream - I get that they needed to introduce it in some way, but I really hope this doesn't mean the Reeds will be written off.This being said, I really liked the interactions between Arya and Tywin, the Qarth scenes (that Qaithe's mask was simply awesome and nothing like I've picture it!), and the actress who plays Brienne grows on me more with each episode! Also good to see Littlefinger talking and acting like Littlefinger for once.EDITED for spelling
					
					
							Edited by Little Miss Sunshine, 02 May 2012 - 06:47 AM.
574	Ghost714	2012-05-02	I just want to say thank you to the posters that have been rightfully arguing in favor of Stannis, keep up the good work. It's very nice to find a thread where I am not the only one, I only wish I had checked this thread sooner, so I could have added my voice to the conversation along with you guys. You guys covered everything very well though, so the only thing to do now is say good job.
575	legba11	2012-05-02	On rewatch, one thing I like about this episode is we've clearly added two members to Sansa's, "Thinks she lives in a high fantasy world rather than Westeros" club.  Brienne and Jorah.  These two (and both very well done, Jorah continues to be a MUCH better character on the show).   It's sad watching them flail under the reality which is Westeros. (sad in a way which makes great theater).
Stannis:
Another Stannis fan.  He is far from perfect, but so are all of the potential butts that could sit the Iron Throne.  Unless Lord Davos is somehow going to get his butt there, give me Stannis.  Maybe Doran Martell too, but he is not too healthy, and I don't like his heirs.
At the end of SoS, Stannis has a clear face turn.  This is Westeros, so heel and face are not so clearly defined, but that is what SoS is all about.  The two major face turns (since her keeps killing the faces off).  First Jaime, and then Stannis.  Stannis was never quite the heel Jaime was, but he is close in the show.
576	boojam	2012-05-02	I just want to say thank you to the posters that have been rightfully arguing in favor of Stannis, keep up the good work. It's very nice to find a thread where I am not the only one, I only wish I had checked this thread sooner, so I could have added my voice to the conversation along with you guys. You guys covered everything very well though, so the only thing to do now is say good job.I think Stephen Dillane has done a fine job as Stannis, and he's gonna be around a long time.I think Carice van Houten has been fine as Melisandre , and she's gonna be around a long time.Lately van Houten's dialog and stage direction has not been so dour, I hope they can find the proper grove for her.
577	bloodymime	2012-05-02	So, his younger brother had a better claim?  Actually, Stannis's claim (and Robert's before him), as eldest brother and therefore head of House Baratheon goes back to the fact that their grandmother was a daughter of Aegon V Targaryen, so Renly's B.S. about the rules of succession not mattering when Robert took the throne was just that... B.S.  They rebelled against the Mad King and only after they'd won was Robert crowned instead of Ned or Jon Arryn because he had the better claim.I'm not arguing with you because you're clearly right in that it mattered to them who had a drop of Targaryen blood in their veins but why the heck does a culture strong in thousands of years of their own history decide the Targaryens are the only royalty by divine right after a few hundred years. They don't even seem to have much of an impact on Westeros.Everybody's still speaking the common tongue. Outside of KL and Dragonstone the Targaryens don't seem to have actually built anything. I've been told they're responsible for the opening up trade and the kingsroad. I don't know how accurate that is but at least the kingsroad makes sense since it comes out of KL but it's not even a clearly Valyrian road like the one Tyrion travels on in Dance, it's a freaking dirt road. I don't see people travelling down that dirt road and reflecting on how amazing the Targaryens are in their magnificence to create a dirt road where once only dirt stood.Nearly all the great monuments and castles come from before the Targaryens came around and despite all the other mistakes Robb's being King of the North to me is making the most sense. Maybe it was the Greatjon pointing it out but someone certainly did, the dragons are gone, piss on them and lets get back to our ways.
578	Elfangle	2012-05-02	I'm very interested in the whole Who is king discussion going on here. But the thruth is that even all of the contenders (Stannis, Renly, Joffrey...) are usurpers. Dany still by all laws and regulations the rightfull queen of Westeros. The reason why Robert wanted all the Targs death is very important. Off course there is his personal vendetta against Rhaegar but he also has political motives. As long as there is a Targ alive his claim to the throne will never be absolute and he will be a usurper. The Targs were the first ruling dynasty of the 7 kingdoms and no revebellion, succesfull or not, will change that. A new dynasty can only begin when there is no Targ left anymore. It doesnt matter whether Robert had a blood connection with the Targs, as long as Dany is alive she will be the rightfull queen (and Viserys even before her). If all the houses and people in whole Westeros would kneel before Robert, they would all be traitors. The only other option would be when the heir of an house kneels before the usurper and therefore denounces his own claim to the throne. None of the Targs did this (Thruth be told, they might not have the chance since they were all killed).
Stannis is off course being hypocrite since he thinks that according to all laws and regulations he is the rightfull king while he should know that that claim can only be made by Dany. Only when she dies will he be the rightfull king. If Dany would give birth to a child, her claim would automatically pass on to that child ( off course whether she can have a baby is not sure).
The fact that Dany is still alive means that Stannis his claim is just as weak as Renly's. Renly has exactly the same amount of right to become king as Stannis. Off course this is just the pure theoretical part.
There is a huge difference between being the theoretical king and the actual king (the one that holds the power). But since Renly at the point had a far stronger force than Stannis, that makes him the more succesfull usurper of the two.
Im just trying to show that Stannis is a hypocrite. He is hiding behind rules and laws while those same rules and laws make him as much as a king as they do with Renly or Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by Elfangle, 02 May 2012 - 09:54 AM.
579	Elfangle	2012-05-02	I'm not arguing with you because you're clearly right in that it mattered to them who had a drop of Targaryen blood in their veins but why the heck does a culture strong in thousands of years of their own history decide the Targaryens are the only royalty by divine right after a few hundred years. They don't even seem to have much of an impact on Westeros.Everybody's still speaking the common tongue. Outside of KL and Dragonstone the Targaryens don't seem to have actually built anything. I've been told they're responsible for the opening up trade and the kingsroad. I don't know how accurate that is but at least the kingsroad makes sense since it comes out of KL but it's not even a clearly Valyrian road like the one Tyrion travels on in Dance, it's a freaking dirt road. I don't see people travelling down that dirt road and reflecting on how amazing the Targaryens are in their magnificence to create a dirt road where once only dirt stood.Nearly all the great monuments and castles come from before the Targaryens came around and despite all the other mistakes Robb's being King of the North to me is making the most sense. Maybe it was the Greatjon pointing it out but someone certainly did, the dragons are gone, piss on them and lets get back to our ways.Off course your right in that aspect but you have to draw the line somehwere. Because if you draw that conclusion further you might also pose the question: Why are hour Stark or Lannister the leading houses in their area? Why not Cerwyn or Crakenhall? In that respect you might even ask why one person can rule over another? For the sake of the discussion there has to be a point that we acknowledge one person above all the other.  At some point the kings of the seven kingdoms decided to bend the knee to one house or person. In this case it was house Targaryen. So the royal dynasty of the united seven kingdoms started then and there.
580	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	I think this episode was much better than the last one. Likely I mostly have this impression because of the absence of the pointless naked scenes.
I loved Arya and Tywin scene.
I am very happy that Rickon has made an appearance, one could almost forget he exists if he were not there.
Pyat Pree was creepy from the first moment he appeared on screen. He made me feel really uncomfortable, which I guess was the point. Quaithe looked weird and not as good as him, I think. I hope she talks to Dany as well some time.
I liked Rakharo much better than the new bloodrider. He was willing to accept and learn about another culture. This new one, whatever his name is, just wants to destroy everything he does not understand.
I am sad about the absence of the Reeds.
What is with Doreah and Jhiqui haitng each other? Jealousy, because each one thinks Dany likes the other more? Anyway, it was fun to see. And hear "it is known."
581	bloodymime	2012-05-02	Off course your right in that aspect but you have to draw the line somehwere. Because if you draw that conclusion further you might also pose the question: Why are hour Stark or Lannister the leading houses in their area? Why not Cerwyn or Crakenhall? In that respect you might even ask why one person can rule over another? For the sake of the discussion there has to be a point that we acknowledge one person above all the other.  At some point the kings of the seven kingdoms decided to bend the knee to one house or person. In this case it was house Targaryen. So the royal dynasty of the united seven kingdoms started then and there.Actually I do wonder how these families not only exist in their lineage but stay in power for thousands of years. It seems unnatural but that's another topic.People like to be ruled, nothing debateable about that. I just wonder what it is about the Targaryens. I'm sure the dragons were incredibly persuasive but they've been gone a long time. There's the idea that if it's not broke don't fix it but it's not like the seven are all pals united in love for the dragons. They all keep sharpening their knives remembering the old slights and grudges against each other.It could very well be nothing more than the practicality of not wanting to go back to the old days of every kindgom warring with each other. It's just the Targaryens don't seem to have much of an impression on the culture of Westeros unless I'm wrong there and  after outright rebellion against them I just wonder why the seven kingdoms turn around and treat their blood as so important after a  mere few hundred years of their rule when there's so much remembering the time before they came.I suppose it's also no suprise that the next royal family would be fine with the Targaryen blood being considered more kingly since they're the ones with the most of it left.
582	rmholt	2012-05-02	Green dreams? Bran is more complete in the series than in the books, lol. Tywin was a bit soft IMO. Rude with his nephew(?) but he was too nice with Arya. And Loras not accusing Brienne? Strange.Good episode though. Davos, Arya and Tyrion were great.What is weird about Arya is she calls him "My Lord" and looks right at him, not like some gutter rat but like a noble.  Maybe he sensed something.  Loras not accusing Brienne is fine.  To be honest it makes more sense however the way GRRM did it demonstrated Loras' impulsivity.
583	rmholt	2012-05-02	<-----------------  BIG STANNIS FANNo that would be me.Oh sure now that Renly is dead.  Add a weather vane to your sigils.
584	bloodymime	2012-05-02	I always thought it made perfect sense. It's not exactly like shadow babies are common even in Westeros. You walk into a guarded tent with three people in it and one of them is dead you figure one of the two alive is responisble.
That's the whole point of it anyways. Stannis is never suspected of being a kinslayer except by Brienne and Cat. He's about as well liked as Tyrion maybe less. If people started automatically assuming it's Stannis because he benefits no one would support him unless they're completely downplaying being a kinslayer on the show. Even Stannis doesn't think he's resposible. Or at least he fools himself into believing it.
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 02 May 2012 - 11:51 AM.
585	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	What is weird about Arya is she calls him "My Lord" and looks right at him, not like some gutter rat but like a noble.  Maybe he sensed something.That is what I noticed too. In the books, Bolton reminds Theon that he must talk like Reek. Perhaps they added a minor plot about Tywin discovering who Arya is, and then she will have even more reason to escape with Hot Pie and Gendry. It changes nothing later on, only Tywin learns that Arya is not in KL an little earlier.
586	legba11	2012-05-02	Suspecting Stannis is responsible for Renly's murder, doesn't mean Loras thinks he sent some demon into the tent, or even that Brienne and/or Catelyn  are not involved.  He knows that Stannis is the one who gained from him dying, that Stannis's mysterious sorceress threatened him just hours before and that someone killed him.
It's not unreasonable to assume that Stannis is behind what happened, be it through Catelyn/Brienne, a hired assassin or something else...
587	Alboin	2012-05-02	Venting my likes and dislikes:- Tywin having no idea that he sees a noble girl in front of him al least... Tywin, as cunning as he is, would have guessed that the girl is little Stark in hiding right away (although scene is well played by the actors)- The ship with Meera and Jojen sailing away (Bran seeing green dream)- Gwendoline Christie's initial reaction to Renly's death. Too quick, too obvious, overacting;+ Brienne swearing loyalty to Cat. Well done, Michele Fairly is always amazing,+ Jaqen. Exactly as I pictured him.+ Arya reaction to the Tickler's death, assassin incoming, well done.~ Davos leading the fleet? Not sure about that... How Stannis and Mellisandra are going to forgive him when the siege fails?~ Not sure about Halfhand yet, he seems good, but had too little screen time so far.
588	FantA´me	2012-05-02	Its foreshadowing with the camera going to Jon when Sam mentions the First Men.  Yes, we all know that Starks are from the First Men, but this seen is foreshadowing for viewers fo the show.  I find these little nods to non-readers kind of neat, and I missed that one until someone mentioned it.That's all I'm saying.  Capice? Nope. Yeah i got the whole camera thing thank you. Correct me if i'm wrong but it seems to me that "foreshadowing" means presaging or announcing  some future event or fact or something. Since Starks coming from the first Men is just a known fact i'm wondering what future event the camera going to Jon is supposed to announce. Unless you just mean it tells or remind viewers that Jon is a descendant of the first Men and in that case i misunderstood. But then it's not he same thing as the kind of foreshadowing Melisandre sees about Jon being AA.
589	Qwop22	2012-05-02	After seeing the scene where they put a lot of emphasis on Sam explaining three horn blasts means White Walkers, I am officially going to back the theory that this season will end with a scene on The Fist of the First Men, three horn blasts, and cut to black. That would be a perfect cliffhanger.
590	Jory	2012-05-02	I always thought it made perfect sense. It's not exactly like shadow babies are common even in Westeros. You walk into a guarded tent with three people in it and one of them is dead you figure one of the two alive is responisble.That's the whole point of it anyways. Stannis is never suspected of being a kinslayer except by Brienne and Cat. He's about as well liked as Tyrion maybe less. If people started automatically assuming it's Stannis because he benefits no one would support him unless they're completely downplaying being a kinslayer on the show. Even Stannis doesn't think he's resposible. Or at least he fools himself into believing it.Kinslaying hasn't even been mentioned. I doubt it's as big a deal in the Showverse.
591	FantA´me	2012-05-02	See? You did capice!Sorry for insisting but then it's not foreshadowing...
592	Morrigan	2012-05-02	What does everyone think about the change in Xaro Xaroan Daxos? He has gone from a pedophile to a very ambitious man courting Daenerys. I think I like the TV Xaro better.Pedophile? I remember him being gay but not that.... :SThis is a nitpick but I didn't like Quaithe's mask. And why did she appear to Ser Jorah first, and not Dany?Agreed.It seems the Tickler won't be dying in an inn via Sandor. I HOPE they keep Polliver for that scene! PLEASE!!!Doubtful. I'm pretty sure he'll be next and that inn scene will be cut. :|Okay, so "similarly" was a bit of a poor quaifier for me to use.  The point I was making was that she asked for mercy, bent the knee, and ended-up a servant of House Stark, just like in the books.  Quibbling about how she did it is ridiculous.  They're adapting an entire series, of which she is not even a 2nd-tier character.  We're lucky she even resembles book Osha in that they're both female and that she wasn't cut completely.I disagree. The "how she did it" is very central to her character, her personality, etc. TV-Osha is just a very different character, for no reason that makes any kind of sense, and IMO an inferior one to GRRM's Osha. I know GRRM said he liked TV-Osha and all but I just don't know why, book-Osha is so much better. Also, I don't agree with the "we're just lucky to have her" mentality at all. With this logic, we're all just lucky to have an adaptation at all so let's not discuss or criticize anything, and this forum is useless. Meh.<-----------  Hates it when he is the only one posting and all his posts get stuck together.   GrrrrrrrrrUse the multiquote button dude. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
593	Rockroi	2012-05-02	- Tywin having no idea that he sees a noble girl in front of him al least... Tywin, as cunning as he is, would have guessed that the girl is little Stark in hiding right away (although scene is well played by the actors)A few things.  One, Tywin (and most of Westeros) is not on the look-out for Arya Stark; most of them all think that Arya is in the care, custody and control of Cersei.  That is the story emanating from KL.  Second, if the books laid the foundation for one thing its that Arya, even being highborn, is a plain looking girl.  The fact that she is scruffy, dirty, beat up and probably malnourished adds to the "subterfuge."  Most men- even men as cagey and observant as Tywin -"see what they expect to see." - The ship with Meera and Jojen sailing away (Bran seeing green dream)Given their roll in the story, they will not be missed (from a story point of view).  Again, economy of characters- we do not have the time nor the resources to introduce two new characters and advance them into the story.  Its not worthwhile (and full disclosure: I find Jojen insufferable).  Bran's story is not remotely dependant on the Reeds and much (if not all) of their involvement can be distributed elsewhere. Now, if they deep-six Howland Reed... it leaves one to wonder what will become of Jon Snow's parents...- Gwendoline Christie's initial reaction to Renly's death. Too quick, too obvious, overacting;Just "booooo."  I completely disagree with this assessment.  Good day to you, sir.
594	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-05-02	Some stray thoughts:Already halfway through this season! It's going to be a long year until next season after this one ends.I love the fact that Harrenhal is the only place that's not moving in the credits. Says a lot about it.Wow, no pointless sex scenes. No sex period!Renly's death was as shocking and surprising here as in the book. I get why the show didn't waste time with the shadow baby first appearance at Storm's End, but why was it necessary to smuggle Melisandre to that barred cave when they could have just snuck by Renly's encampment?I like this assertive and ambitious version of Margaery, who wants to be the Queen, not just a Queen. But I hope this doesn't mean we won't get to see the Queen of Thorns later on (next season?)Heh! Tyrion likes Myrcella and "doesn't blame her at all" for her mother Cersei. Still, he sells her of to the Dornish.Heh! Tyrion doesn't even think it's fun to torture Lancel.I feel rather sorry for Tyrion getting a bad reputation among the people in King's Landing.At the same time as I can feel for Theon not fitting in with the Ironborn, I also loathe him.Asha (or Yara as she's called here) is quite unsympathetic. She's a bully and not at all the charismatic gal I got from the books. She's not even "tomboy pretty".I see why they made Arya the cup-bearer for Tywin. A lot of possibilities to inform her and the viewers from his war councils.OK, I get that the Tickler (that I mistook for Vargo Hoat last week) is a twisted man, but I think that Arya wasted a lot of her wishes about which people Jaqen should kill.Nice shot of the Fist of the First Men and Ghost looking out over the Night's Watch camp.Dany's dragon is adorable. And so is Doreah (whom I'm thankful is still alive in the show).And Dany herself looks smokin' when she's cleaned up and nicely dressed.Bran is and will be a good lord of Winterfell, despite falling for Theon's trap, as he says why their bannermen should protect them is they can't protect their bannermen.
595	J_Crews	2012-05-02	I just want to say thank you to the posters that have been rightfully arguing in favor of Stannis, keep up the good work. It's very nice to find a thread where I am not the only one, I only wish I had checked this thread sooner, so I could have added my voice to the conversation along with you guys. You guys covered everything very well though, so the only thing to do now is say good job. Good to know there are more of us out there.  LOL
596	J_Crews	2012-05-02	I wish they'd show the actual siege of Torhen's Square. Getting a bit sick of the series skipping most warfare battles and only hint about them in conversation/after maths.I'm so happy there's no porn. It wasn't shown in the book either.
597	J_Crews	2012-05-02	I'm not arguing with you because you're clearly right in that it mattered to them who had a drop of Targaryen blood in their veins but why the heck does a culture strong in thousands of years of their own history decide the Targaryens are the only royalty by divine right after a few hundred years. They don't even seem to have much of an impact on Westeros.Everybody's still speaking the common tongue. Outside of KL and Dragonstone the Targaryens don't seem to have actually built anything. I've been told they're responsible for the opening up trade and the kingsroad. I don't know how accurate that is but at least the kingsroad makes sense since it comes out of KL but it's not even a clearly Valyrian road like the one Tyrion travels on in Dance, it's a freaking dirt road. I don't see people travelling down that dirt road and reflecting on how amazing the Targaryens are in their magnificence to create a dirt road where once only dirt stood.Nearly all the great monuments and castles come from before the Targaryens came around and despite all the other mistakes Robb's being King of the North to me is making the most sense. Maybe it was the Greatjon pointing it out but someone certainly did, the dragons are gone, piss on them and lets get back to our ways. It's only because they were the ones to unite the Seven Kingdoms into one nation.
598	J_Crews	2012-05-02	I'm very interested in the whole Who is king discussion going on here. But the thruth is that even all of the contenders (Stannis, Renly, Joffrey...) are usurpers. Dany still by all laws and regulations the rightfull queen of Westeros. The reason why Robert wanted all the Targs death is very important. Off course there is his personal vendetta against Rhaegar but he also has political motives. As long as there is a Targ alive his claim to the throne will never be absolute and he will be a usurper. The Targs were the first ruling dynasty of the 7 kingdoms and no revebellion, succesfull or not, will change that. A new dynasty can only begin when there is no Targ left anymore. It doesnt matter whether Robert had a blood connection with the Targs, as long as Dany is alive she will be the rightfull queen (and Viserys even before her). If all the houses and people in whole Westeros would kneel before Robert, they would all be traitors. The only other option would be when the heir of an house kneels before the usurper and therefore denounces his own claim to the throne. None of the Targs did this (Thruth be told, they might not have the chance since they were all killed).Stannis is off course being hypocrite since he thinks that according to all laws and regulations he is the rightfull king while he should know that that claim can only be made by Dany. Only when she dies will he be the rightfull king. If Dany would give birth to a child, her claim would automatically pass on to that child ( off course whether she can have a baby is not sure).The fact that Dany is still alive means that Stannis his claim is just as weak as Renly's. Renly has exactly the same amount of right to become king as Stannis. Off course this is just the pure theoretical part.There is a huge difference between being the theoretical king and the actual king (the one that holds the power). But since Renly at the point had a far stronger force than Stannis, that makes him the more succesfull usurper of the two.Im just trying to show that Stannis is a hypocrite. He is hiding behind rules and laws while those same rules and laws make him as much as a king as they do with Renly or Joffrey. You're correct on a philosophical level, but an absent ruler can only retain their rule if their place is held by rock-solid supporters.  No straight-up Targaryen has been seen in Westeros is nearly 2 decades, so their claim is moot, whether it is technically legal or not.Richard the Lionheart didn't remain King of England while he gallivanted around the Middle East and France for a decade simply because it was his birthright.  He remained King because William Marshall --1st Earl of Pembroke, Royal Regent, and widely-considered among the greatest knight to ever live -- held the center with backing from the King's mother Eleanor of Aquitaine, an irascible force in her own right.  Otherwise, some ambitious man with a thimble-full of royal blood and a halfway decent army would've easily taken Richard's crown.
599	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Oh sure now that Renly is dead.  Add a weather vane to your sigils.Ummm.... no....  I was never, ever a supporter of Renly's claim.  He was a traitor and a usurper and a shitty brother to boot, just like Robert was before him.
600	J_Crews	2012-05-02	After seeing the scene where they put a lot of emphasis on Sam explaining three horn blasts means White Walkers, I am officially going to back the theory that this season will end with a scene on The Fist of the First Men, three horn blasts, and cut to black. That would be a perfect cliffhanger.Yep.  I think this will be happening as well.
601	J_Crews	2012-05-02	I disagree. The "how she did it" is very central to her character, her personality, etc. TV-Osha is just a very different character, for no reason that makes any kind of sense, and IMO an inferior one to GRRM's Osha. I know GRRM said he liked TV-Osha and all but I just don't know why, book-Osha is so much better. Also, I don't agree with the "we're just lucky to have her" mentality at all. With this logic, we're all just lucky to have an adaptation at all so let's not discuss or criticize anything, and this forum is useless. Meh. I agree with that, but my point is that she's such a minor character that, if she wasn't likely to be the one going north with Bran, she probably would've been cut completely.  So why quibble?
602	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Use the multiquote button dude. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> It won't work for me for some reason.
603	The Monkey	2012-05-02	I got a question about the division if Renly's former army.
In this episode Stannis says that all of Renly's bannermen except for the Tyrells have joined forces with him. It's unclear if this means just the House Tyrell, or their vassals as well. In the book, if I recall correctly, the only Tyrell vassal forces to join with his were the Florents, the rest were Stormlords. Thus, about 20,000 men joined with Stannis, while the other 80,000 didn't, and eventually joined the Lannisters.
However, Stannis' quote (I meant quotation, sorry grammar-Nazi-Stannis!) about the Tyrells fleeing suggests that the troops that still haven't sided with him are in minority. Why else would they need to flee? It makes it sound like the Tyrell host is only a few thousand strong, at most. This would severely weaken the Tyrell's role in the upcoming victory at Blackwater, and thus undermine their hold over House Lannister.
604	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-02	Over-analyzing logistics seems a little moot for the TV series; it's just probably not going to be a factor at all. The Lannisters being weakened by their various brushes with destruction (losing the war in the north and being smashed again at the Blackwater before Tywin saves the day, primarily) while the Tyrells consolidate power will probably be enough to put them on par with one another by AFFC.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 02 May 2012 - 05:55 PM.
605	EgoistMusketeer	2012-05-02	I don't know if anyone has mentioned this, but does Bran ever call the 3 eyed crow a 3 eyed raven in the books? I don't remember him doing so and changing that in the show cheapens the hell out of it. 3 eyed crow is a legitimate clue to assume its a NW or former NW member but 3 eyed raven doesnt mean anything. BOOOO!!!
606	FantA´me	2012-05-02	I don't know if anyone has mentioned this, but does Bran ever call the 3 eyed crow a 3 eyed raven in the books? I don't remember him doing so and changing that in the show cheapens the hell out of it. 3 eyed crow is a legitimate clue to assume its a NW or former NW member but 3 eyed raven doesnt mean anything. BOOOO!!!  I don't know if it's on purpose but ravencould in fact  be a stronger hint fot who the 3 eyed crow precisely is...but well viewers  can't know about bloodraven whatsoever so it's probably not on purpose. So yeah BOOOOOOOO
607	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	What on earth are you talking about???OF COURSE a bannerman gets no choice about what lord they follow!Where did you get such an idea?  It is patently absurd.Political, economical and military circunstances may well direct that choice.  It may even be a degenerated choice.  But being some Lord's bannerman is not an automatic situation.  There is a reason why time and again we go through scenes of specific Lords offering support and fealty for Joffrey, Tommen, the Starks or even Stannis.How do you think affiliation is decided, if not by expressed choice?Do you seriously think that House Umber or House Cerwyn could suddenly decide "Humdeedoo, red and gold go better with my wifeÂ´s lipstick, from now on IÂ´ll be bannerman to Tywin Lannister instead of Robb Stark!"They could, although the odds are small and the motive dubious.If fact, we do have specific cases of Northern Houses changing loyalties, sometimes quite openly.  It has been a big deal in the last few books, don't you agree?Good luck with that!If you are born heir to a house tha has always been sworn to some other house, you too will automatically be sworn to that house, that is basically the essence of the feudal system.Nope.  The expectation will be there, but it must be reinforced and reinstated periodically.  It most definitely must be reinstated whenever the King changes, and most of all when there is open warfare about the rights to the throne.As far as the "rightful king" and the "right to the throne" are concerned: At the end of the day a throne will always go to the person that is strong and popular enough to TAKE the throne, as has been shown again and again, in our history as well as in the history of Westeros, by Aegon the Conqueror as well as by Robert Baratheon. As one memorable line in "Shogun" by James Clavell goes : "Rebelling against your lord is ALWAYS treason ... unless you win."It is just indicative of Stannis' rigidity and inflexibility that he seems to be unable to grasp this.Stannis may have been rigid once, perhaps even until shortly before we first meet him.  But he is letting go of that quite quickly if the books are any indication.  He has consistently bent and openly challenged rules, laws and traditions in most every scene we saw him in.  His reputation for inflexibility is an artifact from his past at this point.
608	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	I got a question about the division if Renly's former army.In this episode Stannis says that all of Renly's bannermen except for the Tyrells have joined forces with him. It's unclear if this means just the House Tyrell, or their vassals as well. In the book, if I recall correctly, the only Tyrell vassal forces to join with his were the Florents, the rest were Stormlords. Thus, about 20,000 men joined with Stannis, while the other 80,000 didn't, and eventually joined the Lannisters.However, Stannis' quote (I meant quotation, sorry grammar-Nazi-Stannis!) about the Tyrells fleeing suggests that the troops that still haven't sided with him are in minority. Why else would they need to flee? It makes it sound like the Tyrell host is only a few thousand strong, at most. This would severely weaken the Tyrell's role in the upcoming victory at Blackwater, and thus undermine their hold over House Lannister.The division of Renly's former troops has been remarkably glossed over in the books.  I would assume that those with a significant fleet in Storm's End would prefer to take their chances with Stannis, which is why the Florents sided with him.  The Tyrells, obviously, had good reasons to prefer the Lannisters instead.  Those caught between probably decided by their particular preferences and it stands to reason that at least a few Houses probably split apart on this matter.In any case, I would never give Stannis' evaluation a lot of credit.  The man is notoriously delusional and unreliable.
609	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Where did you get such an idea?  It is patently absurd.Political, economical and military circunstances may well direct that choice.  It may even be a degenerated choice.  But being some Lord's bannerman is not an automatic situation.  There is a reason why time and again we go through scenes of specific Lords offering support and fealty for Joffrey, Tommen, the Starks or even Stannis.How do you think affiliation is decided, if not by expressed choice?You're completely misunderstanding the nature of medieval land tenure.  It's as if you're somehow thinking each lord owns their lands and a kingdom is only a loose confederation of independent entities, which is patently false.Let's take the Stormlands as an example: every Stormlord owes fealty and service to the lord of Storm's End, who, in turn, owes his fealty and service to Highgarden as the Wardens of the South... who, in turn, owes fealty and service to the Iron Throne. This is because, when Aegon conquered the Seven Kingdoms, he literally took them as his own and claimed allodial ownership, allowing their former rulers to retain their control as Lords Paramount in some cases (the Arryns. Starks, Kings of the Rock, etc.)No lord gets to decide who his/her overlord is, unless they are willing to abdicate the lands they hold as a vassal of that overlord.Joffrey asking for oaths of fealty was because he was attempting to consolidate power in a situation where the kingdom was about to be in turmoil.  In England in the dark ages, as another example, it was customary for formal oaths of fealty to be sworn in the event of the coronation of a new king or if a lord died and his son took his place.  This usually had to happen within 12 months.  If a new king took the crown but a lord from the far-north couldn't make it to London to swear his formal oath until 6 or 8 months later, he couldn't claim to take another king in the meantime, not without abdicating the lands he held.  His fealty was understood in the intervening months because his father, grandfather, and so on had sworn it in the past.  The fact that his family had their lands and wealth at all was a direct result thereof.Think of it this way... the King owns everything.  He parcels-out big chunks to his most-trusted people (the Wardens). In England, these major houses (represented as Stark, Lannister, Arryn, and Tyrell in ASoIaF -- and, I would argue to add Dorne and Riverrun to this list until the latter is placed under the rule of Harrenhal as the new paramount house of the Riverlands) would rule duchies.  Each Duke would parcel-out lands to another crop of lesser lords who would be Earls and Barons.  Some knights (the Cleganes) received lands they held in a form of feudal land-tenure known as a knight's fee (fief) in return for military service.  The crop of hooligans that follow the Mountain to war are all men who live on the lands of his knight's fee, and owe him military service.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 02 May 2012 - 08:44 PM.
610	J_Crews	2012-05-02	If fact, we do have specific cases of Northern Houses changing loyalties, sometimes quite openly.  It has been a big deal in the last few books, don't you agree?Many of them are now following House Bolton as the Iron Throne's designated Wardens of the North.  Others are with Stannis because the Bolton's are seen as betrayers, and these are rightly considered rebels from the perspective of the Iron Throne.Whichever side wins will dictate whose heads roll, but none are simply switching sides on a whim as you seem to think is their right.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 02 May 2012 - 08:29 PM.
611	J_Crews	2012-05-02	The man is notoriously delusional and unreliable.It's pretty obvious you don't care for the character and will continue to argue against him, no matter how many facts are presented, proving your points to be null.
612	Leuf	2012-05-02	I think this episode really goes to show it's not whether a scene is a change from the books but the quality of it.  So much of what happens in Qarth is completely made up or changed significantly, but I loved all of it.  Last week it was the low point of the episode, this week it was the highlight for me.  We really needed some lightheartedness after last week, and they delivered it there.  I love the continuity that Doreah is playing with the dragons too much, and she's hotter than dragon fire.  Dany and Irri are both attractive women, but Doreah makes them kind of invisible.
I'm not exactly sure how the NW can spot a lookout fire on the mountain but the lookouts on the mountain apparently can't spot 400 guys running around in black out in the open against a white background.  They couldn't have put spotting the fire into the next episode, at night, so it makes sense?
Someone on winteriscoming had a crazy theory that Dagmer is actually 
	Spoiler Ramsey
, which gets less crazy the more I think about it.  He looks a lot more like what I would expect for that character than Dagmer.
613	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	You're completely misunderstanding the nature of medieval land tenure.I guess one of us is.It's as if you're somehow thinking each lord owns their lands and a kingdom is only a loose confederation of independent entities, which is patently false.You're overstating the weight - and the rules - of fealty.  Rebelling is a real option.  It has happened, time and again.  Often enough, it in fact must happen.Let's take the Stormlands as an example: every Stormlord owes fealty and service to the lord of Storm's End, who, in turn, owes his fealty and service to Highgarden as the Wardens of the South... who, in turn, owes fealty and service to the Iron Throne.That is the goal, sure.  And no serious claimant will ever openly admit lacking the means to attain it.This is because, when Aegon conquered the Seven Kingdoms, he literally took them as his own and claimed allodial ownership, allowing their former rulers to retain their control as Lords Paramount in some cases (the Arryns. Starks, Kings of the Rock, etc.)No lord gets to decide who his/her overlord is, unless they are willing to abdicate the lands they hold as a vassal of that overlord.In practice, to rebel against their supposed overlords.  People don't actually get tired of having their own lands with any frequency.Joffrey asking for oaths of fealty was because he was attempting to consolidate power in a situation where the kingdom was about to be in turmoil.Most certainly.  Were the realm in peace, he would still do the same, but with far less urgency and mostly for ceremonial purposes.Note however that you are illustrating my point.  Joffred needed to consolidate his power, because it was anything but certain, despite having proper support of the law.The same would be true of Stannis, had he managed to turn the letter of the law towards supporting him.  Still, consolidating military and political power is if anything even more of a priority for those claimants that can't appeal to the letter of the law.  The difference is small, but it does exist.In England in the dark ages, as another example, it was customary for formal oaths of fealty to be sworn in the event of the coronation of a new king or if a lord died and his son took his place.  This usually had to happen within 12 months.  If a new king took the crown but a lord from the far-north couldn't make it to London to swear his formal oath until 6 or 8 months later, he couldn't claim to take another king in the meantime, not without abdicating the lands he held.You mean it just happened that way, cleanly and without military conflict?  Every time?  Somehow I doubt it.His fealty was understood in the intervening months because he father, grandfather, and so on had sworn it.  The fact that his family had their lands and wealth at all was a direct result thereof.Or so the overlords said.  Of course, the idea that people can actually own large tracts of land and can therefore give them freely is arguable at best, but that is medieval politics for you and me.
614	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	Many of them are now following House Bolton as the Iron Throne's designated Wardens of the North.  Others are with Stannis because the Bolton's are seen as betrayers, and these are rightly considered rebels from the perspective of the Iron Throne.Whichever side wins will dictate whose heads roll, but none are simply switching sides on a whim as you seem to think is their right.You really have a hard time following me, don't you?
615	LuisDantas	2012-05-02	It's pretty obvious you don't care for the character and will continue to argue against him, no matter how many facts are presented, proving your points to be null.More like it is pretty obvious that it will take far better and more convincing facts than the books offer to convince me to overlook Stannis' betrayal of Renly's trust and good will, you mean.
616	J_Crews	2012-05-02	You're overstating the weight - and the rules - of fealty.  Rebelling is a real option.  It has happened, time and again.  Often enough, it in fact must happen.I'm stating the law as it was written.  Yes, rebelling is a real option; it is also illegal, by the very definition of the word.  A rebel who fails to win will either lose their head or be forced to make serious concessions to keep it.  Because, right up until they win, they're criminals.  There is no argument you can put forth that will refute that fact.  Our own Founding Fathers here in the U.S. knew that, the moment they put their names to the Declaration of Independence, they were all dead men, unless they won.That is the goal, sure.  And no serious claimant will ever openly admit lacking the means to attain it.He shouldn't have needed to attain it.  It was his by right.  Anyone who didn't want Stannis for their king should have supported Joffrey.  In no universe does Renly have a claim as long as Stannis lives.In practice, to rebel against their supposed overlords.  People don't actually get tired of having their own lands with any frequency.No, but they also have no legal right to them without doing their fealty, unless they rebel and win.  But, even if they win, they were still rebels - just successful rebels. Joffred needed to consolidate his power, because it was anything but certain, despite having proper support of the law.The same would be true of Stannis, had he managed to turn the letter of the law towards supporting him.  Still, consolidating military and political power is if anything even more of a priority for those claimants that can't appeal to the letter of the law.  The difference is small, but it does exist.It all hinges on whether Joffrey et al. are Jaime Lannister's bastards.  If they are, Stannis is King.  If not, Joffrey is King.  If they can't prove they are and simply want to rebel, Stannis -- as elder brother -- still has the better claim.  In no instance possible does Renly have a right to the Iron Throne, supporters or no supporters.  He could conceivably have seized it, but men the world over would have called him a usurper, just like they did Robert.  Eddard Stark could have claimed the Iron Throne for himself when he led Robert's vanguard into KL and found the Mad King dead.  He didn't.  Robert had the better claim, just as Stannis does now.You mean it just happened that way, cleanly and without military conflict?  Every time?  Somehow I doubt it.No, but it was suppose to.  You seem to be confusing a tendency to rebel as a right, under the law.  The law of succession is what we're talking about; rebellion, by definition, is outside the bounds of the law.Or so the overlords said.  Of course, the idea that people can actually own large tracts of land and can therefore give them freely is arguable at best, but that is medieval politics for you and me.Correct.  Right or wrong, that's how it worked, so any debate to the contrary is pointless.  It was how it was.
617	Morrigan	2012-05-02	I don't know if anyone has mentioned this, but does Bran ever call the 3 eyed crow a 3 eyed raven in the books? I don't remember him doing so and changing that in the show cheapens the hell out of it. 3 eyed crow is a legitimate clue to assume its a NW or former NW member but 3 eyed raven doesnt mean anything. BOOOO!!!Are people seriously complaining about the change from crow to raven? Wot?Anyway, raven does have a significance.... Bloodraven. So there!
618	J_Crews	2012-05-02	More like it is pretty obvious that it will take far better and more convincing facts than the books offer to convince me to overlook Stannis' betrayal of Renly's trust and good will, you mean.I'm trying to understand how it is a betrayal for the elder brother with the legal birthright to refuse to step aside for the younger brother with no birthright, simply because he's more popular and looks better in pretty clothes.  Stannis owed nothing to Renly.  Renly, on the other hand, owed Stannis his fealty and support.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 02 May 2012 - 09:27 PM.
619	Cadiva	2012-05-02	You mean it just happened that way, cleanly and without military conflict?  Every time?  Somehow I doubt it.Have you actually read any of the English history from which GM took his inspiration? Serious question not being sarcastic because I'm trying to see where you're coming from with your modern ideas of what feudalism actually meant in the Middle Ages. There have been very few instances, in the long 1000 plus years history of rulers of what is now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in which power didn't pass smoothly from father to son or father to grandson or, occasionally, uncle to nephew.Once William the Conqueror set himself on the throne in 1066 there have been less than half a dozen unique incidents involving either an outright rebellion or a war between claimants to the throne:1 - Matilda and Stephen following the death of her father (his uncle) Henry I. Matilda should have been queen but she would have been the first female ruler and the barons weren't so sure about that so Stephen went for the throne. His reign was short and resulted in him accepting Matilda's son as his heir.2 - Simon de Montfort's baron's rebellion against his brother-in-law Henry III, which centred around Henry being pissed off at de Montfort using his name to secure a loan from European bankers and used it as an excuse to try and get rid of him and his fellow barons who were seeking reform in the way in which the country was governed by the King. In his one year long de facto reign, de Montfort called the first recognisable version of a Parliament.3 - One long period of history, starting from the fact Edward II was a dick and unfit to rule, in which the descendants of Edward III fought over who had the senior claim to the English throne - called the War of the Roses and, oddly enough, one of the main inspirations from which George Martin draws his ruling families and the Five Kings War in Westeros.3a - Henry VII seizes the throne from Richard III to basically end the War of the Roses.4 - the Duke of Northumberland, John Dudley, tries to put his daughter-in-law Lady Jane Grey on the throne instead of Mary I (his excuse being that he doesn't wish to see England return to the Catholic faith and because neither did Edward VII and there's no suitable male heirs in the Tudor line).5 - the exiled Stuarts two failed rebellions in 1715 and 1745, unlikely to succeed because there's been a German born king on the throne quite successfully now for a period of more than 50 years (also no longer technically in the Middle Ages).So yes, in the more than 1000 years history of English rule, pretty much every succession bar these few have passed without any incident and without barons failing to swear allegiance to the crown.(None of this includes the English/Welsh or the English/Scottish conflicts, they are not based on feudal fighting but sovereignty over another country).Under any version of primogeniture and sovereign law, Stannis has the senior claim over Renly.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 02 May 2012 - 09:34 PM.
620	J_Crews	2012-05-02	Have you actually read any of the English history from which GM took his inspiration? Serious question not being sarcastic because I'm trying to see where you're coming from with your modern ideas of what feudalism actually meant in the Middle Ages. There have been very few instances, in the long 1000 plus years history of rulers of what is now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in which power didn't pass smoothly from father to son or father to grandson or, occasionally, uncle to nephew.-- Deleted for Brevity --So yes, in the more than 1000 years history of English rule, pretty much every succession bar these few have passed without any incident and without barons failing to swear allegiance to the crown.(None of this includes the English/Welsh or the English/Scottish conflicts, they are not based on feudal fighting but sovereignty over another country).Under any version of primogeniture and sovereign law, Stannis has the senior claim over Renly.Thank you and very well-said.  Also, descending down the tree of feudal land-tenure, it worked much the same at lower levels.  If a holder of a knight's fee failed to answer a call to war by his overlord or to swear fealty, he would shortly have problems.  It didn't matter if he disliked the lord or disagreed with what they were doing.  His lands were his lands only by the grace of his lord; the same way the people living within the borders of the lands that made up his knight's fee were bound to serve him in return for the use of the land he parceled-out to them.
621	MuchandMore	2012-05-02	Not gonna read through 32 pages to see if it was mentioned....and I'm sure it was......but I'm pissed beyond belief that the first guy Arya names is the Tickler.  One of the most memorable moments in SOS is when SHE kills him.  Why the flying f*** would they ruin that?
And its been a while since I read....but I think I'd remember Stannis boning the red woman.  It goes against so much of who he is.  Stupid......just an excuse to add more nudity to blind us from the fact they don't want to spend money on action.
Even with 10 hours to play with, they can't stick close to the book.  What a waste.  I don't even care to watch anymore.  The show is really all about nudity and little else. 
Whens the next book come out?
622	Alboin	2012-05-02	A few things.  One, Tywin (and most of Westeros) is not on the look-out for Arya Stark; most of them all think that Arya is in the care, custody and control of Cersei.  That is the story emanating from KL.  Second, if the books laid the foundation for one thing its that Arya, even being highborn, is a plain looking girl.  The fact that she is scruffy, dirty, beat up and probably malnourished adds to the "subterfuge."  Most men- even men as cagey and observant as Tywin -"see what they expect to see."I would agree with your second point, except that you're mixing book and adaptation here. On the screen we see Arya as she is, yes, with short hair and some dirt on her face, but still this is Arya and she talks, walks, looks like a noble girl, despite of all her wilderness. Tywin would see that. Same thing happens in Shakespeare plays when some character switches clothes no one recongizes her/him, but if you would film that play nowdays (not in Globe Theater back then where this was a rule that all viewers accepted - if an actor changes his clothes-that's another character) - you would have to come up with something that will justify that no one recognizes same person in different clothes. Yes, Tywin never met Arya Stark before, but the fact that she didn't have a good bath for some time, doesn't make him blind. And that's why Arya doesn't serve him in the books, so he wouldn't see her all the time.Regarding your first point: yes, most of the Westeros thinks Cersei has Arya, but not Tywin because Tirion already told him that she doesn't.
623	James Arryn	2012-05-02	Have you actually read any of the English history from which GM took his inspiration? Serious question not being sarcastic because I'm trying to see where you're coming from with your modern ideas of what feudalism actually meant in the Middle Ages. There have been very few instances, in the long 1000 plus years history of rulers of what is now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in which power didn't pass smoothly from father to son or father to grandson or, occasionally, uncle to nephew.Once William the Conqueror set himself on the throne in 1066 there have been less than half a dozen unique incidents involving either an outright rebellion or a war between claimants to the throne:1 - Matilda and Stephen following the death of her father (his uncle) Henry I. Matilda should have been queen but she would have been the first female ruler and the barons weren't so sure about that so Stephen went for the throne. His reign was short and resulted in him accepting Matilda's son as his heir.2 - Simon de Montfort's baron's rebellion against his brother-in-law Henry III, which centred around Henry being pissed off at de Montfort using his name to secure a loan from European bankers and used it as an excuse to try and get rid of him and his fellow barons who were seeking reform in the way in which the country was governed by the King. In his one year long de facto reign, de Montfort called the first recognisable version of a Parliament.3 - One long period of history, starting from the fact Edward II was a dick and unfit to rule, in which the descendants of Edward III fought over who had the senior claim to the English throne - called the War of the Roses and, oddly enough, one of the main inspirations from which George Martin draws his ruling families and the Five Kings War in Westeros.3a - Henry VII seizes the throne from Richard III to basically end the War of the Roses.4 - the Duke of Northumberland, John Dudley, tries to put his daughter-in-law Lady Jane Grey on the throne instead of Mary I (his excuse being that he doesn't wish to see England return to the Catholic faith and because neither did Edward VII and there's no suitable male heirs in the Tudor line).5 - the exiled Stuarts two failed rebellions in 1715 and 1745, unlikely to succeed because there's been a German born king on the throne quite successfully now for a period of more than 50 years (also no longer technically in the Middle Ages).So yes, in the more than 1000 years history of English rule, pretty much every succession bar these few have passed without any incident and without barons failing to swear allegiance to the crown.(None of this includes the English/Welsh or the English/Scottish conflicts, they are not based on feudal fighting but sovereignty over another country).Under any version of primogeniture and sovereign law, Stannis has the senior claim over Renly.1) Can't type well, will be brief;2) Your lumping is pretty broad. For example, the WoR you cite as 1, but that covers a 30 year period (not constant, but that far apart) and includes several distinct assertions or claims. If you line several 30-year-several-claim periods together, you have a LOT. The Anarchy was another couple of decades. Considering the time span...let's be generous and call it 750 years...the fact that your (incomplete) list alone accounts for upwards of 70 years of conflict just deciding...I wouldn't call English feudalism a prime example of a well oiled mechanism.3) But examples you omitted, top of my head;Robert vs. HenryHenry BolingbrokeHenry II's sons vs.Henry IIIsabella/Edward III1st Baronial Revolt (J. Lackland/Magna Carta)I'm sure there must be more.That's a pretty hefty chunk.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 02 May 2012 - 11:52 PM.
624	J_Crews	2012-05-03	its been a while since I read....but I think I'd remember Stannis boning the red woman.  It goes against so much of who he is.  Stupid......just an excuse to add more nudity to blind us from the fact they don't want to spend money on action.This has been covered extensively in other threads, but it's quite clear he boned her in the books as well.  GRRM just didn't show it explicitly, because neither of them were POV characters until far, far later.  Do a search on this board; people have posted enough quotes directly from the book to prove it that it could nearly fill an entire thread all by itself.Whens the next book come out?We all wish we knew.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 03 May 2012 - 03:03 AM.
625	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-03	I finally watched the episode.It wasn't bad, but seemed disjointed.  I wanted more of each scene; it was as if I was seeing a snippet of something interesting, only for the scene to shift to something else.  Though the Daenerys/Jorah/Xaro Xoan Daxos scenes could have been shorter.  I might have missed something, because I fell asleep while Dany was talking to XXD and then the next thing I saw was the dead Tickler and Arya's looking up at Jaq'en.  I think I missed most of the Arya/Shirtless Gendry scene too - darn.Favorite moments - Arya/Tywin dialogue, especially their eyes when she says that anyone can be killed.  I am surprised that Tywin doesn't realize that this girl is not a peasant urchin, but perhaps he's preoccupied with the war.  And Dany and Doreah training Drogon to char his meat - that is one cute little dragon.  Speaking of cute CGI effects, where was Ghost?  And I loved Bran's turn as the young lord of Winterfell, very nicely done.
626	Osha88	2012-05-03	Love Arya, love Jaqen H'ghar! But who is going to take Bran behind the wall? And we need more bitchy Cersei scenes.
627	J_Crews	2012-05-03	who is going to take Bran behind the wall? My money is on your namesake
628	Samalander	2012-05-03	My money is on your namesakeBut...that's all wrong. She's supposed to go with his brother.
629	The Monkey	2012-05-03	Regarding your first point: yes, most of the Westeros thinks Cersei has Arya, but not Tywin because Tirion already told him that she doesn't.He has? When did he do that?
630	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-03	I finally watched the episode.It wasn't bad, but seemed disjointed.  I wanted more of each scene; it was as if I was seeing a snippet of something interesting, only for the scene to shift to something else.  Though the Daenerys/Jorah/Xaro Xoan Daxos scenes could have been shorter.  I might have missed something, because I fell asleep while Dany was talking to XXD and then the next thing I saw was the dead Tickler and Arya's looking up at Jaq'en.  I think I missed most of the Arya/Shirtless Gendry scene too - darn.I think the nature of the story makes the show disjointed. There are so many characters all over the kingdom whose individual story lines don't interweave at the moment. It means they have to jump around from one scene to another to fit all the important characters in and it gives the show a slightly disjointed feel.
631	Talleyrand	2012-05-03	I thought I recognised Pyat from somewhere until I remembered it was from a Doctor Who episode which oddly enough had James Sives (Jory) as the Queen's Captain of the Guards, Ron Donachie (Ser Rodrik) as the Castellan of a Castle and Ian Hanmore (Pyat) as a wierd priest.
632	Lightning Lord	2012-05-03	Well I'll be jiggered, you're right.  And in that episode, people who could turn into wolves, like people in Westeros think wargs can do.
633	bloodymime	2012-05-03	But...that's all wrong. She's supposed to go with his brother.I'm actually kind of disappointed Arya has become Tywin's cupbearer as great as the their scene together was. I know they've completely butchered her timeline to the point that something had to change but I was rather looking forward to the surprise and amusement from Bolton that a lowborn cupbearer could actually talk to him instead of clutching their throat and dying at just the thought of it.
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 03 May 2012 - 08:12 AM.
634	Tadco26	2012-05-03	This has been covered extensively in other threads, but it's quite clear he boned her in the books as well.  GRRM just didn't show it explicitly, because neither of them were POV characters until far, far later.  Do a search on this board; people have posted enough quotes directly from the book to prove it that it could nearly fill an entire thread all by itself.Yes, though it is implied, rather than explicitly stated so someone missing it is understandable.  An interesting side effect of only having one shadow baby is the loss of strength and life that Stannis seems to have from the effort.  It is implied that the process is draining his life, making him older and more gaunt.  Without that it will be interesting to see how they explain Stannis not using shadow babies against all his enemies.
635	Cadiva	2012-05-03	Robert vs. HenryHenry II's sons vs.Henry II1st Baronial Revolt (J. Lackland/Magna Carta)Isabella/Edward IIIHenry BolingbrokeNo all those you mention, where relevant, are included in my original comment. But, specifically:3 - One long period of history, starting from the fact Edward II was a dick and unfit to rule, in which the descendants of Edward III fought over who had the senior claim to the English throne - called the War of the Roses and, oddly enough, one of the main inspirations from which George Martin draws his ruling families and the Five Kings War in Westeros.which covers both Isabella and Roger Mortimer's removal of Edward II and then later Edward III claiming his throne back, a period of 3 years if memory serves during which he was a minority. He retook his throne as soon as he was old enough to rule himself without needing a council. It also covers Henry Bollingbrook's rebellion and seizure of the throne as that directly comes as a result of the fall out of seniority from Edward III's children, which I said.The War of the Roses consisted of sporadic rebellion and counter rebellion over a period of time from 1455 to 1485. From 1485 there is no real conflict over the succession to the throne of England (later England and Scotland), with the exception of the Lady Jane Grey incident, until the 1700s when the Stuart dynasty gets mired in Catholic/Protestant debate and the exiled Stuarts try to take it back from the Hanovarians, who were actually invited to take the throne by the people (which I also mentioned).The debate was over whether the succession to the throne had been without incident, not whether there had been any conflicts during a King's rule. The conflict between Robert and Henry was mostly over the Dukedom of Normandy, as they had been separated by their father, not the English throne and it was over and done with in 1106, (after a period of six years) when Henry defeated Robert and took the Dukedom as well as the throne of England which he'd held since 1100. The conflict here came, as I said, when Matilda inherited her father's throne and some of the barons refused to  be ruled by a woman, which I mentioned at point 1.The first baron's revolt didn't remove John from the throne and it wasn't about his succession to it, it came at the end of his reign and was about his method of ruling not whether he should rule in the first place. It resulted in the signing of Magna Carta to clarify what power the monarchy should be able to exert over the barons. There have been rebellions against the throne throughout history. That's not what was at debate though, it was whether the successions passed over smoothly with all the barons and vassals happily swearing feality.You're arguing two separate points but only one of them is relevant - the length of time of the Anarchy and the War of the Roses. The Anarchy lasted from 1135 to 1153 a period of 18 years, the War of the Roses lasted from 1455 to 1485, a period of 30 years, Lady Jane Grey was proclaimed but never crowned queen for 9 days (July 9 to 18th) and the two Stuart rebellions add up to a period of three years (in combination not in time scale) between them giving a total of 51.09 years in which there was conflict over the succession of the throne.Considering the first accepted king of a united England was Aethelstan in 924 and our current Queen Elizabeth II is still sitting on the throne in 2012, I think the English succession can absolutely be held as a good example of feudal succession. It's fairly easy to gauge the success of the English monarchy (and obviously the change to England and Wales, then Great Britain, then the United Kingdom of Great Britain and now, finally, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) by the fact it's still there.
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 03 May 2012 - 04:55 PM.
636	Leuf	2012-05-03	I got a question about the division if Renly's former army.In this episode Stannis says that all of Renly's bannermen except for the Tyrells have joined forces with him. It's unclear if this means just the House Tyrell, or their vassals as well. In the book, if I recall correctly, the only Tyrell vassal forces to join with his were the Florents, the rest were Stormlords. Thus, about 20,000 men joined with Stannis, while the other 80,000 didn't, and eventually joined the Lannisters.However, Stannis' quote (I meant quotation, sorry grammar-Nazi-Stannis!) about the Tyrells fleeing suggests that the troops that still haven't sided with him are in minority. Why else would they need to flee? It makes it sound like the Tyrell host is only a few thousand strong, at most. This would severely weaken the Tyrell's role in the upcoming victory at Blackwater, and thus undermine their hold over House Lannister.I'm guessing the bulk of Stannis' ill gotten army will just turn on him once the ghost of Renly makes an appearance.  Stannis' magical cheat is too easy, so it only makes sense that it gets undone by an even easier cheat.  The ghost of Renly doesn't really make any difference in the books, Stannis is just caught in a completely compromised position and has no chance.  Unfortunately they never established Renly's signature armor, so I may be howling up the wrong weirwood.Someone earlier was asking how did Rodrik get all the way from Oxcross to Winterfell, but the show never said anything about Robb going west or Oxcross.  They only said Stafford Lannister and were completely vague about the rest.  So there's nothing to put Robb anywhere but still in the Riverlands.
637	Crown	2012-05-03	But...that's all wrong. She's supposed to go with his brother.I think Meera and Jojen, or only one of them, will meet with Bran, Summer and Hodor after the Sack of Winterfell (season 3).
638	It is known.	2012-05-03	I think Meera and Jojen, or only one of them, will meet with Bran, Summer and Hodor after the Sack of Winterfell (season 3).I think it will be a combo character, probably Meera, but they'll make her the same age as Jojen was so that she would be of an acceptable age that Bran's crush could be reciprocated without it being weird (since I think they'll try to give him a little first-crush plot to liven up his journey to the wall).  And she'll probably have Jojens greendream abilities.  So basically i'm expecting a female Jojen.
639	Silverx2	2012-05-03	Lancel is growing on me. I really enjoyed that interrogation scene, and after when he told Bron to kill him if anything happens to Tyrion, im starting to get excited to see him turn to the high septon.
640	LifeRuiner	2012-05-03	I got a question about the division if Renly's former army.In this episode Stannis says that all of Renly's bannermen except for the Tyrells have joined forces with him. It's unclear if this means just the House Tyrell, or their vassals as well. In the book, if I recall correctly, the only Tyrell vassal forces to join with his were the Florents, the rest were Stormlords. Thus, about 20,000 men joined with Stannis, while the other 80,000 didn't, and eventually joined the Lannisters.However, Stannis' quote (I meant quotation, sorry grammar-Nazi-Stannis!) about the Tyrells fleeing suggests that the troops that still haven't sided with him are in minority. Why else would they need to flee? It makes it sound like the Tyrell host is only a few thousand strong, at most. This would severely weaken the Tyrell's role in the upcoming victory at Blackwater, and thus undermine their hold over House Lannister.In the books, all Renly has with him is his vanguard, so Loras manages to get to the bulk of the army before Stannis' men - and to lead them away. Now that it didn't happen or wasn't explained well enough on the show, the sudden Tyrell political weight in King's Landing post-Blackwater would be a plot inconsistency, unless... see below.I'm guessing the bulk of Stannis' ill gotten army will just turn on him once the ghost of Renly makes an appearance.  Stannis' magical cheat is too easy, so it only makes sense that it gets undone by an even easier cheat.  The ghost of Renly doesn't really make any difference in the books, Stannis is just caught in a completely compromised position and has no chance.  Unfortunately they never established Renly's signature armor, so I may be howling up the wrong weirwood.It does though. It is said repeatedly in the books that Renly's ghost had a great effect on the troops, and iirc, this legend grows even bigger and more elaborate with time - Tyrion is annoyed with its popularity because he doesn't get credit for his part of the plan among the common folk at all. I'm not saying that Garlan wearing Renly's armor won the battle but it was a factor in the victory.Also, there is an HBO featurette on the making of Renly's armor, so it has been established plenty. Your idea of the formerly Renly troops changing sides during the battle would actually make great sense. If Loras wears it (who else, really) and it's made out to be a big deal during the battle, it can explain how the Lannisters would owe the Tyrells in the show canon.
641	J_Crews	2012-05-03	But...that's all wrong. She's supposed to go with his brother.I'm telling you, anybody who thinks Natalia Tena is just going to disappear from the show for multiple seasons is deluding themselves.  The producers love her, GRRM loves her, and lots of fans love her.  Having her go away would mean they might have to re-cast the part later.  I know people who came to the show specifically because they loved her in the Harry Potter movies, and have since bought the 1st season DVD/Blurays and all the books.  Osha is such a minor character that them planning for her to go with Bran is the only reason she didn't get cut from the show completely.  They've been laying the groundwork for it since she showed-up last season.
642	J_Crews	2012-05-03	Yes, though it is implied, rather than explicitly stated so someone missing it is understandable.  An interesting side effect of only having one shadow baby is the loss of strength and life that Stannis seems to have from the effort.  It is implied that the process is draining his life, making him older and more gaunt.  Without that it will be interesting to see how they explain Stannis not using shadow babies against all his enemies.I don't want to get into this debate all over again, because it's been done to death.  Suffice to say, it was implied they were sleeping together in ACoK, but it was out-and-out stated as fact later.  Just off the top of my head: Davos talks about Mel sharing his tent at night, to which Stannis says "She gives me comfort;" Mel tries to seduce Davos to make more shadowbabies, offering him great pleasure in return for his seed, because she dares not to drain Stannis anymore, for fear it'll kill him; and, Mel remarks in her own POV in ADwD that her bed has seen little use since Stannis marched away, leaving her behind at Castle Black.  It doesn't get much more obvious than that without, literally, having a POV character barge into the room while they're in bed together nude.
643	J_Crews	2012-05-03	[/left]Considering the first accepted king of a united England was Aethelstan in 924 and our current Queen Elizabeth II is still sitting on the throne in 2012, I think the English succession can absolutely be held as a good example of feudal succession. It's fairly easy to gauge the success of the English monarchy (and obviously the change to England and Wales, then Great Britain, then the United Kingdom of Great Britain and now, finally, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) by the fact it's still there.And add to that the, literally, thousands of lesser titles below the crown that passed from father to heir uneventfully with all vassals simply renewing their fealty oaths during that same 1000+ years, and it only strengthens the point.
644	J_Crews	2012-05-03	In the books, all Renly has with him is his vanguard, so Loras manages to get to the bulk of the army before Stannis' men He had all of his knights and freeriders with him, in addition to the vanguard.  Basically, all of his mounted men.  What was left back at Bitterbridge was his 60,000+ foot, the bulk of his army.
645	LifeRuiner	2012-05-03	He had all of his knights and freeriders with him, in addition to the vanguard.  Basically, all of his mounted men.  What was left back at Bitterbridge was his 60,000+ foot, the bulk of his army.You're right! I now found the passages in the book where it says that a ) Loras made off with a fifth of the knights from Bitterbridge and b ) most of the remaining knights and freeriders changed sides again during the battle of Blackwater when they saw Renly's "ghost" leading the vanguard.Finn Jones (Loras) is supposed to be in six episodes this season. So far, he has been only in three. This makes Loras' appearance in the Blackwater episode quite likely.
					
					
							Edited by LifeRuiner, 03 May 2012 - 06:05 PM.
646	bloodymime	2012-05-03	I'm telling you, anybody who thinks Natalia Tena is just going to disappear from the show for multiple seasons is deluding themselves.  The producers love her, GRRM loves her, and lots of fans love her.  Having her go away would mean they might have to re-cast the part later.  I know people who came to the show specifically because they loved her in the Harry Potter movies, and have since bought the 1st season DVD/Blurays and all the books.  Osha is such a minor character that them planning for her to go with Bran is the only reason she didn't get cut from the show completely.  They've been laying the groundwork for it since she showed-up last season.Yep. I held out hope for the Reeds up until they gave Bran Jojens greendream. They obviously have the green light to make actual changes with Tywin replacing Bolton.Besides which you see how much they cut of Arya's travels and you think they're really going to be showing three kids meandering their way to the Wall? Don't even see that much of it in the books. You have them at the castle when Jon shows up and the night in the cave with the Liddle and not much else that's going to make it to the show if that much.They'd either need to find two more child actors that would basically tag along with Bran since he's the one now having the greendreams and seemingly  more along in his wolf dreams than in the books  or you send the the name actress along playing the part of the wildling that already has experience beyond the Wall cutting out two extra actors and keeping Natalia Tena on the show like you say. I like the Reeds and it'll be great if they pop up but I'm not holding my breath.
647	J_Crews	2012-05-03	Yep. I held out hope for the Reeds up until they gave Bran Jojens greendream. They obviously have the green light to make actual changes with Tywin replacing Bolton.Besides which you see how much they cut of Arya's travels and you think they're really going to be showing three kids meandering their way to the Wall? Don't even see that much of it in the books. You have them at the castle when Jon shows up and the night in the cave with the Liddle and not much else that's going to make it to the show if that much.They'd either need to find two more child actors that would basically tag along with Bran since he's the one now having the greendreams and seemingly  more along in his wolf dreams than in the books  or you send the the name actress along playing the part of the wildling that already has experience beyond the Wall cutting out two extra actors and keeping Natalia Tena on the show like you say. I like the Reeds and it'll be great if they pop up but I'm not holding my breath.Yep.  Bran having the greendreams sealed it for me as well.  Jojen is officially out now, ASAIC.  Meera, maybe, but why bother with Osha there to hunt for them, etc.?  The only sticky thing is how then will Bran hear the story of the Knight of the Laughing Tree?  I imagine Maester Luwin may tell that story, perhaps, at some point soon.  He's a long-time Stark family adviser; likely, going back to the rule of Ned's father Lord Rickard.  It would be only a minor, very believably change to have it that he was present with them at Harrenhal during the tourney of the false spring or that Ned confided certain family secrets to him later.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 03 May 2012 - 08:13 PM.
648	bloodymime	2012-05-03	I don't expect the Knight of the Laughing Tree at all. They cut the Tower of Joy scene and how awesome would that have been. With so many plotlines to follow already they probably want to cut as much backstory out as possible and as the Knight story just creates questions instead of answering any I won't be surprised to never hear it on the show.
649	Leuf	2012-05-03	It does though. It is said repeatedly in the books that Renly's ghost had a great effect on the troops, and iirc, this legend grows even bigger and more elaborate with time - Tyrion is annoyed with its popularity because he doesn't get credit for his part of the plan among the common folk at all. I'm not saying that Garlan wearing Renly's armor won the battle but it was a factor in the victory.It makes for a great tale and fodder for the singers, but they would have easily won without it.  It's another matter entirely to show up there outnumbered with the men tired from a long forced march and rely on half the opposing army to defect to your side to not get killed.  It's not a move I can see Tywin making.Also, there is an HBO featurette on the making of Renly's armor, so it has been established plenty. Your idea of the formerly Renly troops changing sides during the battle would actually make great sense. If Loras wears it (who else, really) and it's made out to be a big deal during the battle, it can explain how the Lannisters would owe the Tyrells in the show canon.Okay, but it's not a different color than everyone else with big antlers on his helmet so he stands out at a distance, and you know, covers his face.  It would just make more sense if we ever saw Renly with a helmet.
650	J_Crews	2012-05-03	I don't expect the Knight of the Laughing Tree at all. They cut the Tower of Joy scene and how awesome would that have been. With so many plotlines to follow already they probably want to cut as much backstory out as possible and as the Knight story just creates questions instead of answering any I won't be surprised to never hear it on the show.They'll have to talk about it eventually, if it means what most of us think it means, but you're right: it may be that talking about such now would just confuse people needlessly.  It may just get introduced way down the line somewhere.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 03 May 2012 - 09:01 PM.
651	The Last Dragon	2012-05-04	I don't expect the Knight of the Laughing Tree at all. They cut the Tower of Joy scene and how awesome would that have been. With so many plotlines to follow already they probably want to cut as much backstory out as possible and as the Knight story just creates questions instead of answering any I won't be surprised to never hear it on the show.I totally understand they had to cut the Tower of Joy-dream. As i would understand if they cut the Harrenhal tourney-story. Both where one of my favorite parts of the book. But it is too confusing for TV-audience, who probably already have a hard time figuring out who-is-who-again every episode.Anyhow, I'm glad i am not a producer on this show. It would give me sleepless nights figuring out how to put the whole Reed-Lyanna-Rhaegar-Jon theory inside the show. Let alone the whole Blackfyre-Bloodraven-Aegon story. Gives me headaches just thinking about it.
					
					
							Edited by The Last Dragon, 04 May 2012 - 05:20 AM.
652	Stargareyen	2012-05-04	Yep. I held out hope for the Reeds up until they gave Bran Jojens greendream. They obviously have the green light to make actual changes with Tywin replacing Bolton.Besides which you see how much they cut of Arya's travels and you think they're really going to be showing three kids meandering their way to the Wall? Don't even see that much of it in the books. You have them at the castle when Jon shows up and the night in the cave with the Liddle and not much else that's going to make it to the show if that much.They'd either need to find two more child actors that would basically tag along with Bran since he's the one now having the greendreams and seemingly  more along in his wolf dreams than in the books  or you send the the name actress along playing the part of the wildling that already has experience beyond the Wall cutting out two extra actors and keeping Natalia Tena on the show like you say. I like the Reeds and it'll be great if they pop up but I'm not holding my breath.Reeds might have a bigger role in the latter books, so they should be included. After all, they are the only representation of Howland Reed (or crannogmen in general) in all 5 books together. Howland definitely has a mighty role in the rest of the books, it's important his children feature in early so that the viewers are aware of Reeds when Howland appears...
653	bloodymime	2012-05-04	Well I certainly hope you're right and they make an appearance. I like the Reeds a lot.
654	imladolen	2012-05-04	I have this personal experience (I'm going to share) almost everytime that I've been surprised of how good directed some episode of -insert series name here- was, It was directed by Tim VanPatten, last season he had the pilot (the second shoot, the first was with Taylor)Actually, the original pilot (the one that HBO got to see but we didn't) was not directed by Alan Taylor. It was directed by Thomas McCarthy.
655	imladolen	2012-05-04	I've always pictured Iron Islands ships as Viking long boats, not European style caravelles. They are supposed to be raiders, not travelers. Which is what made Euron different from the lot.I think some people are forgetting the fact that it is entirely possible that the Iron Islanders would also CAPTURE ships. And when you capture a ship it only makes sense to use it.Especially since the Iron Islands have so few ship building resources (ie: timber). I might hate the Ironborn with a passion, but they ain't stupid; they would capture as many ships as possible to use in further reaving and naval battles.So yeah, they might generally build and use longships more than anything else, but to assume that those are the only ships they have is, well, intellectually retarded.
656	The Monkey	2012-05-04	In the credits was listed Edward Tudor-Pole, better known as Tenpole Tudor, who was slated to be the new lead singer for Sex Pistols after Johnny Rotten left.  Does anybody know who he played, so I can go back and find him?  IMDB said he played "Protestor"...I don't remember any hippies in Harenhal, do you?Little help?He was the street preacher in King's Landing, the one who called Tyrion a demon monkey.
657	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-04	I think some people are forgetting the fact that it is entirely possible that the Iron Islanders would also CAPTURE ships. And when you capture a ship it only makes sense to use it.Especially since the Iron Islands have so few ship building resources (ie: timber). I might hate the Ironborn with a passion, but they ain't stupid; they would capture as many ships as possible to use in further reaving and naval battles.So yeah, they might generally build and use longships more than anything else, but to assume that those are the only ships they have is, well, intellectually retarded.But wasn't the Sea Bitch described as being a true, fine crafted, Ironborn-made Longship, and that's why Theon liked it so much? Bookwise, that's what happens, but I can't recall if that even happens in the show episode. I do see what you mean about capturing the ships though, but I'd figure those for more of storage tag-alongs, or fleet ships, rather than a flagship or the captain's ship.
658	Ambeon	2012-05-04	Who in the fuck is the "3 eyed RAVEN"?!Seven bloody hells is there anything D&D will keep from the books??They can show Roz in all her unglory but not the Qartheen dress with 1 breast exposed!! WTF!?It is so wrong to not have Roos at Harenhal!The shadow should have sliced Renley almost in half in his armour and have his armour cut cleanly. Its was that way in the books to show the impossibility of Brienne being the killer.Disappointed. There is NO reason for the changes. None!To be fair, Roose Bolton is not suppose to be at Harrenhal yet, he comes there after Arya frees the northmen captives with the whole soup thing. She then becomes his cup bearer as a "reward" for the weasel soup.As others have mentioned I actually liked the change of making Arya Tywins cup bearer instead. And I don't mind the interaction between the two either, Arya was talking back to Roose in the book too, without his permission infact, and he decides to "humor" her, and not punish her for it. And Roose I'd say is just as brutal as Tywin. Tywin does punish his enemies harshly, but I've not gotten the impression that he's a sadist, except maybe when Tyrion is concerned, but that too is mostly to teach him lessons. And punishing a 12 year old serving girl would seem rather silly, warning her to show respect like Roose did in the books seems more like an apt response in my opinion.As for the change of Meera and Jojen not being there. It could be entirely possible that Bran will travel North of the wall with only Oosha and Hodor, Oosha taking the role of Meera/Jojen and Bran taking over Jojen's green dreams. I'm obviously hoping they show up in the next season though, which wouldn't surprise me, considering they'll have more time to explore the story with book 3 effectively being 20 episodes rather than 10.Brienne is great, just perfectI didn't like Jaquen after the first impression, but now I think he's spot on.Arya at Harrenhal is some of my favourite stuff from aCoK and Maisie is fantastic, really makes the story come alive to me, despite there being some changes.I agree with them killing of the tickler being a bit sad, because I love the scene with her and the hound in the inn when she kills him. But like some have mentioned the ticklerprobably won't be remembered by non book readers by that time anyways, it makes a lot of sense to have her hate him enough to kill him already.As for the two other deaths one of them will be Jaquen, but then getting changed to force him into helping her to save the northmen, the other .. who knows.All in all, I was a bit dissapointed by the first few episodes, but 4 was amazing, this one was great, and I can only see them getting better from here on out.So I'm stoked.*EDIT*Oh, and I don't much care for Yara/Asha either : / hope she gets better.
					
					
							Edited by Ambeon, 04 May 2012 - 08:10 PM.
659	J_Crews	2012-05-05	I agree with them killing of the tickler being a bit sad, because I love the scene with her and the hound in the inn when she kills him. But like some have mentioned the ticklerprobably won't be remembered by non book readers by that time anyways, it makes a lot of sense to have her hate him enough to kill him already.Plus, they would never be able to guarantee they'd get the same actor back either, meaning he'd have to be re-cast and that would cause even more confusion.
660	EgoistMusketeer	2012-05-05	Are people seriously complaining about the change from crow to raven? Wot?Anyway, raven does have a significance.... Bloodraven. So there!Only if we get a dunk and egg HBO series.. and we wont. otherwise its a very significant clue thats thrown out the window just because the writers are being writers and think they can "jazz" up the source material
661	boojam	2012-05-05	Plus, they would never be able to guarantee they'd get the same actor back either, meaning he'd have to be re-cast and that would cause even more confusion.A proper substitute would be Vargo Hoat, tho I don't think he has been cast. If Jamie's story goes , as in the books, think they will need him. I think they are going skip Hoat's death in Feast any way. A worthy opponent for the Hound and having Arya kill him off would be kind of neat!
662	Helyn Snow	2012-05-05	Didn't Arya kill the Tickler herself? I guess they had to get him out of the way, but I forgot who her first ordered hit was against.It was Chiswyck, one of the Mountain's men who Arya heard bragging about how the Mountain had raped an inn keepers daughter in front of her Dad, then offered him a handful of coppers for her services.
663	Helyn Snow	2012-05-05	Enjoyable episode - Peter Dinkage and Maisie Williams stole the show as per. Loved the chemistry between Brienne and Cat. Not too bothered that Arya is depicted as Tywin's cupbearer - as long as we get some Hot Weasel Soup - but will miss The Tickler's death in the books being fleshed out in the screen.
What did bother me though was the butterfly effect caused by Bran having the green dream; obviously no Reeds are forthcoming, but the fact that he stated that he say Ser Rodrick drowning at Winterfell made me think he's not bringing Reek back, therefore no Bastard Of Bolton, no taking Theon hostage, no reveal in ADWD. Maybe D&D have a plan to work this in and I'm panicking, but I'm really missing a certain psychopathic illegitimate Northerner.
Other than that, did they have to make Pyatt Pree Scottish? I'm Scottish myself and all the other Scottish actors on the show (Iain Glen, James Cosmo and the woman who plays Lysa come to mind) are putting on accents, and the first Scottish accent we hear is from a creepy, blue-lipped warlock... Grrr
					
					
							Edited by joanna snow, 05 May 2012 - 09:29 AM.
664	TyrionFan57	2012-05-05	dont have ADWD on hand but it goes something like this.."I keep asking R'holler to show me a glimpse of Azor Ahai, and he shows me only Snow"Interesting that when looking for Azor Ahai he shows her Snow (capital S).  When Jon asks Melisandre later if she had gotten a glimpse of Stannis, she says, no, only snow (small s).  I think that tells us a lot.
665	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-05	Interesting that when looking for Azor Ahai he shows her Snow (capital S).  When Jon asks Melisandre later if she had gotten a glimpse of Stannis, she says, no, only snow (small s).  I think that tells us a lot.Rh'lorr must be very frustrated with Melisandre by now;  he's been trying to send her the information she wants, and she keeps ignoring his signs that yes, A-A is Jon Snow (not Stannis).
666	legba11	2012-05-05	After re-watching on HBO Go:
The production crew shot scenes of the shadow transforming from Renly to Stannis, I guess they didn't like how they looked.  You see the beginning of that shot, but when the transformation occurs, you only see Catelyn.  Shame that didn't work.
Jaqen's helmet: He has it with him when he walks past Arya and pretends not to notice her, but it's on the well when she goes to get water.  "Not only did I notice you, but I knew where you were going and could get there before you unnoticed."  Actions speak louder than words and Jaqen is awesome...
Where's Pip?  I wonder if the actor didn't make the trip to Iceland.
Bronn and Jorah have solidified their spots on the "Perfectly Cast" list for this show.  (Arya and Tywin were already there, so they didn't need that scene to prove it)
Pyat's blue lipstick left a smudge on his teeth, whoops.
667	Lady Katherine	2012-05-05	Jaqen H'ghar was exactly how I pictured him in the books.Yes!  He is being portrayed perfectly!Loved Gendry shirtless.I think I gasped when I saw that....yumAlso, Jaqen makes my loins stir.Hee hee.Also, Pyat Pree sufficiently freaked me the F out....
					
					
							Edited by Lady Katherine, 05 May 2012 - 05:45 PM.
668	J_Crews	2012-05-05	What did bother me though was the butterfly effect caused by Bran having the green dream; obviously no Reeds are forthcoming, but the fact that he stated that he say Ser Rodrick drowning at Winterfell made me think he's not bringing Reek back, therefore no Bastard Of Bolton, no taking Theon hostage, no reveal in ADWD. Maybe D&D have a plan to work this in and I'm panicking, but I'm really missing a certain psychopathic illegitimate Northerner. They can easily skip the whole Reek/Ramsey deception, but still have Ramsey show up with his Dreadfort men and turn on Ser Rodrik.  It can just look like he was coming under the cover of joining the force Ser Rodrik was gathering, then betrayed him.  Ramsey having the idea of substituting the miller's boys for Bran and Rickon can easily be portrayed as having been Theon's idea alone --- he was the one who had been sleeping with the miller's randy ho of a wife for years anyway.  Keep Ramsay in his scary-ass flayed man armor without revealing his face, then cast him later.
669	J_Crews	2012-05-05	Where's Pip?  I wonder if the actor didn't make the trip to Iceland. Pretty sure Pip wasn't on the ranging.  He was left at the Wall, I believe.  Jon and Sam were the only stewards mentioned, I think (was Dolorous Ed a steward back then?); Jon for obvious reasons and Sam to look after the ravens.
670	J_Crews	2012-05-05	Pyat Pree sufficiently freaked me the F out.... Yeah, he and Quaithe were both creepy, but him especially.
671	legba11	2012-05-05	I think Pip was at Craster's.
672	J_Crews	2012-05-05	I think Pip was at Craster's.In the show or in the book?  I remember Grenn and Ed, but not Pip.  I could be wrong, though.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 05 May 2012 - 06:39 PM.
673	legba11	2012-05-05	In the show, I thought he was part of one of the pre-Jon beatdown scenes from Craster's.  I'm not sure now...
674	rmholt	2012-05-05	Ummm.... no.... I was never, ever a supporter of Renly's claim. He was a traitor and a usurper and a shitty brother to boot, just like Robert was before him.Ummm.... no.... I was never, ever a supporter of Renly's claim. He was a traitor and a usurper and a shitty brother to boot, just like Robert was before him.Ummm.... no.... I was never, ever a supporter of Renly's claim. He was a traitor and a usurper and a shitty brother to boot, just like Robert was before him.Sarcasm fail - sorry
675	rmholt	2012-05-05	Pretty sure Pip wasn't on the ranging.  He was left at the Wall, I believe.  Jon and Sam were the only stewards mentioned, I think (was Dolorous Ed a steward back then?); Jon for obvious reasons and Sam to look after the ravens.Correct. pyp not ranging this time
676	Fengari	2012-05-06	I know I'm a bit late with this, but here's my 2 cents on the 'best claim' and 'better King' debate.
It seems some people can't differentiate between 'who has the best claim to the throne' and 'who would be the best king'? In medieval feudal society, nobility titles were hereditary and 'claim' had nothing to do with capability or popularity (just as capability and popularity have nothing to do with each other, judging by modern politics).
So, of the 'five kings' who has the best claim to the Iron Throne? (Let's keep in mind that Dany, who arguably has the best claim, hasn't come forward to actually claim it yet...).
1. Joffrey: he is the oldest son of the recently deceased king. Yes, we know he isn't legitimate, but as long as Cersei doesn't come forward to confess, there is no way of proving that (you know, no DNA-analysis yet). Actually, I'm quite sure throughout history there have been a few successions where the heir wasn't actually a legitimate son. With all the arranged marriages I don't think it is far fetched to assume that some (most) Queens had their little love-interests on the side. As long as those were kept out of sight of 'the public' I'm also quite sure their Kings wouldn't actually care about that.
2. Stannis: if Joffrey being illegitimate could be proven somehow (and Tommen's as well), next in line is the King's eldest brother. Which means, in his eyes (being sure of the truth about Joffrey and Tommen), Stannis has a legitimate claim.
3. Renly: comes after Stannis whether you accept Joffrey as the legal heir or not. I don't think he ever claims it as 'his right' either. He just figures, if there is going to be chaos and war concerning the succession, he might as well have a stab at it, and backs it up by saying 'at least I would be popular'.
4. Robb: No way. But then again, he doesn't claim it either. He just wants to kick the Lannisters of it after what they did to his father. He does have a claim to the title that he claims (or that was claimed for him?), though.
I'm quite sure if things had gone a different way, he would have had no problem bending the knee to whichever Baratheon ended up on the throne, if that was the end result. Maybe with 'King of the North' as his title as opposed to the 'Warden of the North' of his father, if his role in taking the throne was significant enough.
5. Balon: Again, no way. But neither does he claim it. He just sees an opportunity to take what isn't his in the chaos that has become of the Seven Kingdoms, as the Old Ways of the Ironborn dictate. 
So, who would make the better King?
Joffrey: I guess that's obvious. No way! Another Mad King in the making.
Stannis: Debatable. I don't think he would be a 'truly bad' King. He is rather proud of being 'just', and being 'just' is not a bad thing in a King. But his idea of justice is rather hard and unbendable, and being popular is not on his agenda. I can see the occasional conflict arising and being ruthlessly put down. A 'peace under tension' for the kingdom at best.
Renly: In the books, he is described as a younger version of Robert. Their reasons for taking the throne might be different (Robert's was righteous indignation at the acts of the Mad King and his son, Renly is just being opportunistic), I think the result will be the same: a King more interested in 'putting on the King show' than in actually ruling a country. Which means his reign would stand or fall according to who he chooses to be his Hand and thus the actual ruler. We can only hope that, because Renly likes to be popular, he would choose someone who would do a good job.
Robb: Being his father's son, I think he would have been a good King. Ned as a Lord appears to have been someone with honour, someone who didn't disregard 'the common people', and someone who realised a title brings duties as well as rights, and it is clear he did his best to pass on those values to his sons. There is nothing in the books to indicate Robb wouldn't follow his father in his footsteps, except that, well, he doesn't get the chance.
Balon: No. Not even for his own islands. Come on, what is this guy thinking? Though the Ironborn may well like going back to the Old Ways of plundering and pillaging for a while, he should know by now that Westeros will not take that anymore. Eventually things will settle down there, and whoever sits the Iron Throne (or an alliance of the different kingdoms if it comes down to the Seven falling apart) will come to put him in his place again. And I doubt this time they will be happy with a bent knee and just one hostage...
677	Lyana	2012-05-08	This episode was really good. It had a powerful start and the storyline was kept intact.
The depiction of Renly's dead was ok. Not very impressive but still had an impact on me. I'm still not sure about if the role of Littlefinger is properly portrayed in the show, but I guess it is easier for the viewers to understand the constant change of alliances, when there is only one person responsible for that.
The Tyrion-Lancel scene was hilarious. Bronn is still awesome. Stannis is getting more convincing with every episode.
My personal favourite in this episode - Arya and her line "Anyone can be killed." This girl is the best. Her interaction with Charles Dance is amazing. They are to become my favourite tandem on the show. And Jaquen is also great. Did not really liked that the Tickler was killed that way. But I guess Polliver could serve the same goal.
Catelyn and Brienne also had a very good scene. I can see those two workin' it out very well.
Qhorin was also ok. See how Jon's storyline will go on. I'm pretty positive about that. Want more Ghost and more direwolves.
I was a little confused by the scenes with Dany. Drogon looks awesome but I didn't get the whole dothraki-issue. Hope this becomes more clear in the upcoming episodes.
678	J_Crews	2012-05-08	I didn't get the whole dothraki-issue.Can't remember for sure what you're talking about, but I think the issue you're referring to was that, even though they're guests in Qarth, they were busy trying to figure out the best way to steal $h*t from their hosts.
679	Lyana	2012-05-09	Can't remember for sure what you're talking about, but I think the issue you're referring to was that, even though they're guests in Qarth, they were busy trying to figure out the best way to steal $h*t from their hosts.Ok, I rewatched it and now i get it. But what is the purpose of that? To show that the dothraki are savages and uncivilized? I think that everyone's already aware of that.Was this actually even in the books?
680	boojam	2012-05-10	Ok, I rewatched it and now i get it. But what is the purpose of that? To show that the dothraki are savages and uncivilized? I think that everyone's already aware of that.Was this actually even in the books?I don't think so, not even in SoS, in fact her Dothraki 'hord' are always with her, but off stage somewhere.Her blood riders and hand maidens are always about but where or what the rest are doing George never says.They are supposedly still there even in ADwD. Since some fraction of them were warriors I would like to see lost blood riders replaced.Those 'fringe' Dothraki were kind of a nice continuity touch by George in the books, wish the show would keep em.
681	fassreiter	2012-05-10	Something I don't understand (sorry if the question has already been approached): In the scene where Quorin tells Mormont about Mance gathering his people like "deer against the wolves" and that he means to lead them somewhere safe - is he talking about the Others threatening them? Why, exactly, do they fight against the wildlings, then? If they knew the free folk was facing a genocide by zombies and demons, why would anyone (Quorin, Mormont, Jon) consider it totally ok to keep a whole people trapped behind that Wall? I always thought GRRM made it a big turning point in the narrative when Jon learned that the wildlings were not trying to cross the Wall for raiding and plundering, but to escape from the Others. If the Night's Watch knew about this threat all the time, and still made it a point to keep the wildlings from crossing the Wall - isn't that kind of a crime against humanity? I always thought the NW was supposed to not know or not to take the threat of the Others seriously.
					
					
							Edited by fassreiter, 10 May 2012 - 04:35 PM.
682	Fengari	2012-05-11	Something I don't understand (sorry if the question has already been approached): In the scene where Quorin tells Mormont about Mance gathering his people like "deer against the wolves" and that he means to lead them somewhere safe - is he talking about the Others threatening them? Why, exactly, do they fight against the wildlings, then? If they knew the free folk was facing a genocide by zombies and demons, why would anyone (Quorin, Mormont, Jon) consider it totally ok to keep a whole people trapped behind that Wall? I always thought GRRM made it a big turning point in the narrative when Jon learned that the wildlings were not trying to cross the Wall for raiding and plundering, but to escape from the Others. If the Night's Watch knew about this threat all the time, and still made it a point to keep the wildlings from crossing the Wall - isn't that kind of a crime against humanity? I always thought the NW was supposed to not know or not to take the threat of the Others seriously.The Wall was built as defence against the Others originally, but in the 1000 years that no Others have been seen, it has become more about defense against Wildling raids than against the Others. Even though they may know that Mance means to keep his people safe from the Others, that doesn't mean they agree with his assessment of the danger. After all, all they've seen so far are a few walking dead, and, as long as you remember to burn your dead, that doesn't seem such a huge problem. With their 100 years of experience of fighting the Wildlings and the memory of the others having faded over those same 1000 years, they probably consider both threats equal.It's not that strange that people who have been fighting a certain people don't want them to come to their lands even if they are threatened.After all, all they have seen of the threat so far is a few walking dead. As long as you remember to burn your dead,  that does not seem an enormous problem.After all, people who ware fleeing war and genocide in our world are often seen as people who have just come to steal their jobs and welfare by the people of the lands that give them refuge...
683	boojam	2012-05-11	Jaqen's helmet: He has it with him when he walks past Arya and pretends not to notice her, but it's on the well when she goes to get water.  "Not only did I notice you, but I knew where you were going and could get there before you unnoticed."  Actions speak louder than words and Jaqen is awesome...All of Marvel's heroes would not want to run into George's FM.You know in the novel Jaqen knew all the time that Arya was Arya Stark.Which make's his presence in Yoren's caravan totally inexplicable , except that it's my personal opinion he was sent there to see if Arya was worth recruiting.... for uses unknown.
684	Nefa	2012-05-15	You know in the novel Jaqen knew all the time that Arya was Arya Stark.Which make's his presence in Yoren's caravan totally inexplicable , except that it's my personal opinion he was sent there to see if Arya was worth recruiting.... for uses unknown.See, that's what I think...and well that Syrio was grooming her. I have heard others say there is no reason for Jaqen to be in the caravan as well. Is this because he doesn't appear to be on an assignment?
685	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-03-17	I'm re-watching S2 on Blu-Ray and thought I'd comment on each episode w/ their respective special features as I go. Yes, I know there's a general S2 blu-ray thread, but it's a long and unwieldy beast. I'm wondering what people think about each episode after a second viewing and w/ the added bonus of the commentaries, histories, maps, etc.No audio commentary on this episode and only one new history on the Night's Watch. But Harrenhal looks fantastic on blu-ray. As do the shots in Iceland, which serve as the land north of The Wall. And I only realized this on as I watched the episode for a third time, but John doesn't discover the hidden cache of dragonglass! Grenn discovers it later in S2E8, but I could swear it was John and Sam that discovered it in the book.
					
					
							Edited by PetyrPunkinhead, 17 March 2013 - 02:16 AM.
686	Just so.	2013-04-13	No jojen and meera!?!? wtf..	 yes where are they .....gone for the sake of filming?
687	Ran	2012-04-29	What'd you think?
688	OliveJonSnow	2012-04-29	Gendry shirtless.  Took it from 8 to 9.
689	Linda	2012-04-29	That episode almost had me in tears, for all the wrong reasons. Renly's death was so underwhelming, not to mention the complete change in Loras's reaction. That could have been so much more. And then the utter mess that is Qarth. It was painful to watch, despite a few strong bits.
690	Umberto	2012-04-29	The Renly death scene was not as epic as I thought it would be!
691	Lord Godric	2012-04-29	I wasn't wowed, but this was an absolutely flawless episode.  9.
692	axels15	2012-04-29	I don't get the problem people are having with Qarth
693	boojam	2012-04-29	O that was good!
Much better than D&D first two episodes.
George has too rich a tapestry , so , 10 episodes per seasons.
Current time curses us.
Harrenhal , perfect, even with the third person lapses, I noticed the non lapses too! Odd!
Dany's story , an odd configuration, but now there is a third season.
So short but I am almost ready to give Gwendoline Christie an Emmy right now.
How does she do it!? I don't see any special make up , maybe a little, she is so perfect.
What a clever sequence at Harrenhal, does Arya have Lord Tywin fooled or what?
And Liam Cunningham and Stephen Dillane hit that one out the park.
Too much , too fast, but wow, a zinger!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 29 April 2012 - 09:19 PM.
694	nothatso	2012-04-29	Very strong episode. Wasn't a big fan of the last Dany scene, but otherwise really liked the episode.
695	Ser Frank Haven	2012-04-29	Liam Cunningham and Stephen Dillane scene is award winning good 
Renly's death was so awesome I had goosebumps
696	extravadanza	2012-04-29	who was the girl that was warning jorah in qarth??? was that supposed to be quaithe? also, anyone else super dissapointed by the appearance of dagmar cleftjaw? idk but in my head i saw him as a massive viking type brute
697	Fez	2012-04-29	Not perfect, but nothing ever is. It's easily a 9 though.
My only complaint is that Renly's death was a little underwhelming and that Loras didn't seem nearly broken up enough about it. Also sad at the lack of Varys.
Otherwise it was spot on and one of the best of the series. I particularly enjoyed that the writers finally just focused on plot and didn't feel the need to throw in random T&A to "spice it up".
698	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-29	Gave it a 9 - Qarth was great, but the Dothraki shouldn't have been portrayed as so completely unaware of how to behave. Khal Drogo and his men were just fine when they attended a feast in Pentos.
That was the only problem I had - apart from that, this episode shone.
699	Towel	2012-04-29	I readied myself that this episode and possibly the next one would be more about posturing for a bang out last 3 episodes. I really liked it. Arya and tywin were good together... Really good. 
Tyrion as usual was hilarious.
700	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-29	10/10.  My favorite episode of the series thus far.
701	Patrick Austrian	2012-04-29	this episode defientely gets a 6/10... Qarth is a complete disaster compared to what it is potrayed as in the book... Qorin Half is NOTHING like imagined... Half Jaw is a lil puppy compared to how is described in the book... and Asha Greyjoy continues to be a complete dissapointment.. i like her in the books but in the show she is so dinky and not really believable as a warrior princess... Arya is perfect though and i cannot wait for Jon Snow to bust some skulls next week... the direwolves need a bigger part too
702	Slychd	2012-04-29	I give it a 9.  Arya and Tywin's scenes were great, you have an "old pro" and a bright new star working side by side, that was enjoyable to see.  I also like the Catelyn and Brienne scenes and a fond farewell to Renly (I will always think he would have made a great king).
It was nice to see the dragons again and "dracarys" was cool.  I knew they would have to add some filler to Qarth scenes because Dany does so dreadfully little in the book, but Pyat Pree was freaky and Quaithe is on the cutting edge of fashion with that mask.
703	Died a Hero	2012-04-29	Gave it a 9 - Qarth was great, but the Dothraki shouldn't have been portrayed as so completely unaware of how to behave. Khal Drogo and his men were just fine when they attended a feast in Pentos.They didn't attend the feast in Pentos. It was outside their gates. No one would invite the Dothraki into their city walls.As for the episode, I gave it a 9. Brienne's reaction was amazing. I love Emilia Clarke as Dany so she can really do no wrong for me, and I was beyond happy to see Quaithe of the Shadow in her mask. It was a little disapointing that the shadow didn't come from Renly himself, and I hate that the Reeds have been taken out of the story. I'm not even a "it's diffrent from the book! I hate it!" kinda guy. I fully understand time/money restraints that go along with making an epic saga translate into an epic t.v. show. But Meera and Little Grandfather are improtant parts of Bran's story. Season 3 will be VERY strange without them.Still, all and all an amazing episode.
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 29 April 2012 - 09:45 PM.
704	BryRB1277	2012-04-29	Ahhh.... Arya's story line get's messed up a little more tonight.  But still good to see the results of the Ghost although it should have been Poliver and not Tickler... I think it is a solid 8.  Brienne of Tarth was brilliant. Davos and Stannis were great together.  Tyrion is never a let down.  Seeing Jon with Half Hand means we are only getting closer ot meeting Ygritte!  Dany showed how young she was last week at the gates of Qarth and she recovered much this week.  He realization after talk to Xano that Jorah is in love with her.  Pyat Pree was as creepy as expected.
705	Strider	2012-04-29	I would describe this episode as solid.  I gave it a 9. 
I loved the scenes at Harrenhal.   Maisie Williams as Arya is making this character her own.  I'm delighted they have brought Tywin to Harrenhal.  He brings a wonderful presence to the show. 
Renly's death was good.  I was not expecting it to be over-whelming; it was not over-whelming in the book either.  The assassination happens all very quickly and neither Cat nor Brienne are sure what they saw.  That sounds right. 
Stannis didn't bother me this episode, as he did in previous episodes.  I continue to feel that the role was mis-cast.   
Tyrion continues to own the show.
706	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-29	Best episode yet imo, gave it my first 9!
Might be the fact that there was no Shae or Ros that swayed me but I really couldn't find much fault in this episode at all apart from it feeling too short.
Not sure why Quaithe addressed Jorah instead of Daeny but she looked pretty neat, Pree was fantastically creepy as well.
Dagmer could have used a Cleftjaw but HBO are lazy pricks when it comes to facial disfigurements.   Brienne's acting was so-so, but she fits the bill and I'm fine with her.  Tyrion and Bronn were brilliant.  Arya was great, I'm guessing Polliver will be next and after that some Weasel soup.  Hope they never show the Hill that rides again, glad I wasn't burdened with his lanky ass this episode.
The Fist looked great.  Does Qhorin Halfhand even have a Halfhand?  Theon scenes were pretty good.
707	Ser Giant	2012-04-29	The Arya/Tywin scene was a perfect 10! But I'd give the whole thing a 9, ton's of story covered and I love that. For a man of 90+ years Roy Dotrice as the Pyromancer was great to see sincee I'm a huge fan of his audiobook readings.
Was really dissapointed that they changed Dany's Qarth dress for my own perverted reasons though;-)
708	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-29	The Qarth scenes are just so....lacking.  There's something missing and it feels very contrived.  Because of Qarth.  Arya continues to shine.  You can really tell how good she is when she has a scene alongside Tywin.  They are taking Bran's storyline in a whole different way and I find myself enjoying it.  I'm still so surprised how great the child actors are.  Asha continues to be so incredibly unlikeable.  I tried to get over the fact that she isn't book Asha and accept this different Asha they are portraying, but the actress is just terrible.  She is no natural actress. 
Because of Qarth and some other issues, I give it a 7.5.
709	cooper56	2012-04-29	The Arya/Tywin scene was a perfect 10! But I'd give the whole thing a 9, ton's of story covered and I love that. For a man of 90+ years Roy Dotrice as the Pyromancer was great to see sincee I'm a huge fan of his audiobook readings.Was really dissapointed that they changed Dany's Qarth dress for my own perverted reasons though;-)Umm yea i can see why you would want it but honestly it would be to much to ask for actor to walk around nude 24/7. They get away with alot nudity already.
710	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-29	While there were a few changes, they hit every thing they needed to in this episode. All the story lines are fully intact and the acting is amazing!
I watch with my husband a non-book reader who has become a huge fan. He rates this a 10. (I think he feels this way about nearly all the episodes)
711	Baitac	2012-04-29	While there were a few changes, they hit every thing they needed to in this episode. All the story lines are fully intact and the acting is amazing!I watch with my husband a non-book reader who has become a huge fan. He rates this a 10. (I think he feels this way about nearly all the episodes)This!!
712	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-29	I'd give it an 8 to 8.5.  Another quality episode.  My only problem with it was that it once again crammed too much into a single episode.
713	turdle	2012-04-29	can someone explain to me why it is a three eyed raven, and not a crow?
714	teemo	2012-04-29	I gave the first 4 episodes somewhere between an 8-10, and this one I gave a 6.  If you compare it your regular television show, however, it's like a 9.5.  It seems like a lot of people loved it, but I was left disappointed.  I have this feeling that they're going to keep deviating more and more from the book to a point where it's almost like a different story.  I know True Blood did that, and I'd hate to see that here.  Sometimes they change such small things, and I don't see a purpose to it.
I'm glad to have a show at all and don't mean to sound like a huge complainer, but I get kind of sad when I know I'll never get to see a scene that I've had in my head for years and years and was so excited to see when the show was announced.  The Tickler and Arya at the inn, for example.  But I'll try to keep faith in D&D and believe they'll stay as true to the story as they can.  It's so difficult to turn these books into a television adaptation.  I just have to realize that it can never be the same as the books...it's the show version!  And a great one. 
The acting is amazing though, it really is.  Perfect.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 30 April 2012 - 12:55 AM.
715	justashadow	2012-04-29	Tyrion's scenes are the best however, I really liked Brienne and Cat's scenes. Arya too.
716	Kozma	2012-04-29	Dany is /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> Aria is /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> shadow is /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> but overall is 8
717	NW Deserter	2012-04-29	Starts out as an easy, easy 10 for:Every. Single. Arya. Scene. Maisie Williams could not be more "Arya Stark" if she tried. The exchange with Tywin (who is also simply magnificent in the show) is probably my favorite scene of the entire season thus far. And her telling Gendry to stand "sideface" was stinkin' perfect. So, Arya gets this week's Badass of the Week award.Stannis/Davos stuff was great. I was worried about Stannis' portrayal for most of the season, but I think by this point, Dillane has found the right way to play him. Davos reaction to being made leader of the naval attack was great, Liam Cunningham is a great Davos.The casting director must have made the trip to Tarth to get Brienne to play herself, that's the only thing I can think of that explains the fantastic acting. Her savage and angry fighting and her swearing fealty to Catelyn was exactly how I pictured when reading. Cat was great there too.Although the Nights Watch stuff was decent at best, I feel like they're finally going to get to the meaty stuff next week. Not much else to say. Quorin is adequate so far, and keeping Dolorous Edd continues to be a great choice.Transferring Jojen's dream of "the sea coming to Winterfell" to Bran was a great choice. You could feel the eerie foreshadowing there, I'm curious if non-readers caught on to what that meant.I like Qarth's portrayal, it's supposed to seem really odd, fanciful, and "not real". I liked the inclusion of Quaithe, and both Pyatt Pree and Xaro are actually pretty interesting characters. And Doreah's still smoking hot, nothing new there. Jorah is great too.But, nothing is perfect, so some nitpicky things dropped it down to a 9 for me:So far, all the ironborn stuff has been pretty flawless to me, so it was disappointing to see such a small Dagmer Cleftjaw. Theon is still an interesting character, but both Dagmer and Yara were underwhelming and just "meh".Jaqen switching between normal speech and third-person speech was weird. Not sure what happened there, maybe just careless script-writing? Visually, he's still great though.Littlefinger seems to be teaming up with Margaery and Loras here, I don't know how I feel about that, even in the context of the show. I'll wait and see what happens there I guess.As awesome as Brienne was, the way Renly died was a little underwhelming compared to the books. I know that's really, really nitpicky, but I think that just shows how good the episode was when I'm reaching that far.Overall, my favorite of the season, barely topping last week. Thinking about it now, they actually got almost all of the storylines in there with some incredibly tight pacing and writing, and nothing felt rushed or under-done. Hoping the rest of the season follows suit. Looks like we get some Ygritte next episode! Hoping we get to hear "you know nothing, Jon Snow".
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 29 April 2012 - 11:29 PM.
718	zippypoodle	2012-04-29	I don't get the problem people are having with QarthMe either. The whole Qarth storyline in the books isn't terribly gripping anyway, so I don't mind them taking some liberties with it. As long as I get the House of the Undying burning, I couldn't care less.I suppose it's mostly stuff like "Boo hoo, Xaro isn't effete and they changed his reason for marrying Dany" or "Waah, the Spice Kings ISN'T IN THE BOOK!!"
719	zippypoodle	2012-04-29	this episode defientely gets a 6/10... Qarth is a complete disaster compared to what it is potrayed as in the book... Qorin Half is NOTHING like imagined... Half Jaw is a lil puppy compared to how is described in the book... and Asha Greyjoy continues to be a complete dissapointment.. i like her in the books but in the show she is so dinky and not really believable as a warrior princess... Arya is perfect though and i cannot wait for Jon Snow to bust some skulls next week... the direwolves need a bigger part too Like I said, who cares about Qarth. Qhorin's appearance? Pfft. You mean Cleftjaw? Asha isn't a warrior princess.
720	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-29	I gave it an 8.  I could have given it a 10 just on the sexiness of Jaqen. Yummm!
I have a serious problem with the NW out in the freezing cold without their heads covered. Come on guys!  Their ears and noses would be frostbitten and they would freeze to death losing all of the heat from their heads. So far I am disappointed that Dolorous Edd hasn't been very funny.
That aside, I loved Arya/Jaqen/Tywin.
Tyrion is always on point.
Renly's death was as I imagined.
Loved Brienne and Cat.
Loved Littlefinger and Margaery.
I find Davos much more interesting on screen than I did in the books.
Stannis is still a bastard. Die, die, die! The actor portrays him just as I imagined.
I hate the Ironborn even more on screen than I do in the books, if that is possible.
I don't get how last season Bran was seeing a three-eyed crow and now it's a three-eyed raven?  I recall Old Nan saying that crows are all liars.
Loved Daenerys, I really want to see her on the Iron Throne.  Qarth looks awesome. I think Ser Jorah is a big douche, however, the actor does an excellent portrayal.  Qaithe, is as mysterious that I imagined.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 29 April 2012 - 11:42 PM.
721	Tewks44	2012-04-29	wow, what a fantastic episode! Favorite so far in season 2.
Scenes with tyrion and the wildfire were well done.
All of Arya's scenes... goosebumps and nerdchills galore
I really like how Bran has turned into the "lord of winterfell" and is now making his own decisions and not just relying on Maester Luwin to do everything for him.
Dany's storyline is great too, although I'm not a really big fan of the dynamic going on with her handmaiden's. Dany's story in Qarth is interesting enough without throwing in the distraction of two of Dany's handmaiden's disagreeing about whether or not Dany should be "Qartheen" or "Dothraki"
overall, total awesomeness, this is the first episode I thought worth of a 10/10
EDIT: A minor quip was how Renly's death was handled.  It wasn't poorly done by any means, in fact it was quite well done, but the book did it sooo much better imo.  Just the image of Renly's shadow drawing a sword and then Renly muttering "cold..." right before dying would have been so cool, but once all is said and done, Renly's death scene was still very emotional and I think had I not read the books I would have been perfectly satisfied.
					
					
							Edited by Tewks44, 29 April 2012 - 11:47 PM.
722	Corvinus	2012-04-29	Gave it an 8.
Seeing Stannis's fleet gives me hope for the Blackwater.
723	Tadco26	2012-04-29	I think it was a good hour of TV if you can some how manage to completely divorce it from the books. In that light it is probably an 8 or 9. As an adaptation it is probably a 3 to 4. The changes are starting to really add up and by next season this may just be a TV show inspired by the Song of Fire and Ice series, rather than an adaptation of it. I have to get some sleep so I will have to save my more in depth thoughts for later.
724	Queen Regent	2012-04-29	I think it was the best episode so far!  Can't wait for next Sunday!
725	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-30	Brienne is knocking it out of the park. I don't care that they changed the Renly death scene a little bit. I loved seeing Brienne kick ass! I also loved the oaths that Brienne and Cat exchanged. Very powerful scene. I LOVE what they're doing with Margaery! "I don't want to be a queen...I want to The Queen." Tywin + Arya = Awesomeness. Jaqen + Arya = Perfection. So much chemistry between the two. Exactly how I pictured it in my mind.
726	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-30	7. Loses points because I thought it was bouncing around all over the place and I don't like Cat. The best scenes by far were with Arya and those kind of save this episode.
727	NW Deserter	2012-04-30	I am honestly confused as to how some of you are saying we need to "divorce it from the books". There really just hasn't been that many major changes. the biggest ones I can think of...
-Littlefinger going to Renly's camp, makes sense just because he's absent almost all of ACoK, can't do that with a highly-paid actor and very intriguing character.
-Arya being Tywin's cupbearer. I was skeptical of this at first but when it makes for Emmy-worthy scenes like tonight's, I can excuse it.
-Qarth and Dany's entourage have changed somewhat, but really, I just don't think those changes will snowball. The characterization is still there, and in some cases (Doreah, Xaro), is much more interesting.
-No Jojen or Meera. This is probably one of the more legitimate gripes, but it's one of those things where we just need to keep reminding ourselves that it's a TV show with a finite budget, and you've got to cut corners where you can. The writers have excelled here in picking up the slack by making Bran a much more powerful character.
-No Riverrun or Tullys - similar to the last point. Probably the one I'm most worried about, but given how all the rest of the changes have been handled brilliantly by the writers, I have confidence in the team.
Other than that, there have been little changes here and there due to the change in structure (point of view versus third-person audience), pacing, characterization, and of course, budget.
I'm not trying to attack those who are disappointed with the adaptation side of the series, just trying to understand where the biggest gripes are coming from, cause for the most part, I'm agreeing with the changes that are being made.
728	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-30	I think a lot of the non-reader fans are going to be freaked out by Quaithe...hell, I was! She really does just seem to come out of nowhere when you least expect her haha
729	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-30	I'm not trying to attack those who are disappointed with the adaptation side of the series, just trying to understand where the biggest gripes are coming from, cause for the most part, I'm agreeing with the changes that are being made.Some people just love to bitch and moan. Learn to ignore it and you'll be happier. Some people are just never going to be satisfied with the series because they expect it to be exactly like the books, regardless of the fact that the producers are trying to fit a 1000 page book into 10, 50 minute episodes. They want EVERY line and EVERY miscellaneous, unimportant side character to be included or this show is a "total flop!".
730	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-30	Enjoyed it tremendously.  Brienne's reaction to Renly's  death was perfect.  While straying a bit from the book, the goings on at Harrenhal, told the story well and provided a lot of story in limited time.   The Greyjoy stuff was handled well.  You could see the workings of Theon's mind without his having to say anything.  Nicely done.
731	_Oberyn_	2012-04-30	8. Arya and Tyrion save the episode again. Good show from Roy Dotrice. Beyond the wall was good to with the exeption of Halfhands, not a good casting imo.
Did not care much for the Renly/Robb supposed alliance. And i have no idea why Davos is being set up as a scapegoat for the epic fail of the Blackwater. Now its going to be his fault for Mel not being there and he will be personaly responsible for the fleet going to shit.
732	VivaVictarion2	2012-04-30	sooooo....margarey's "dress?"
733	VivaVictarion2	2012-04-30	I think a lot of the non-reader fans are going to be freaked out by Quaithe...hell, I was! She really does just seem to come out of nowhere when you least expect her hahaAgreed, Quaithe looked cooler then what I'd concieved in my head.
734	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-30	8. Arya and Tyrion save the episode again. Good show from Roy Dotrice. Beyond the wall was good to with the exeption of Halfhands, not a good casting imo.Did not care much for the Renly/Robb supposed alliance. And i have no idea why Davos is being set up as a scapegoat for the epic fail of the Blackwater. Now its going to be his fault for Mel not being there and he will be personaly responsible for the fleet going to shit.I don't see how anyone can blame him for what happened at Blackwater. Given that it will go down like in the book, which it will, how could Davos possibly save the fleet when it was trapped in by the Great Chain and then the entire bay was set ablaze with wildfire?
735	SFA-OK	2012-04-30	I'll give it a good solid 6. Some entertaining scenes. I think the actor portraying Theon is doing a great job, same goes for Arya. Maybe my two favorite actors up to this point on the show. 
I hate how they continue to jump so quickly from scene to scene. It's driving me a little crazy. And with some scenes it seems as soon as things start getting interesting they cut away. There were a few scenes that seemed to last just 1 or 2 minutes before cutting away. Oh well, I guess they won't be changing that style anytime soon. 
I think the actress portraying Brienne is doing a decent job but there is something off there, not quite how I pictured her.
736	Michaelj	2012-04-30	I liked the episode, gave it a 9. Really liked Jon's, Aryas and Danys scenes in particular.
737	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-30	Gave it a solid 9...just b/c nothing is perfect.
The acting is splendid and scenery is fantastic.  I have one minor gripe.  Rhaegar is such a huge presence in the books, even though he is never present.  Dany likes to think of herself as him and is told by many that she reminds them of him.  However, there has been no mention of him by Dany, Viserys, Jorah, or anyone else for that matter.  I think non-readers should be made more aware of him.
I also like Margaery scheming with little finger.  She is the heir to the Queen of Thorns and its good for viewers to see just how formidable she is.
I wanted more from Renly's death and was not impressed by Dagmer.
738	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-30	I gave it a 7.
The good: I'm really liking the actress playing Brienne - she's not what I picture when I read the books, but she does a very good job of capturing the power, purity and naivety of the character. The scenes with Arya and Tywin, which never took place in the book, were quite good mostly due to the talent of Charles Dance and Maisie Williams. The Tyrion/Bronn scenes were good as usual. The scenes of the Night's Watch north of the wall were spectacular to look at - great, snow-covered desolation and harsh mountain peaks as far as the eye can see. And the best thing about the episode: no 10 minute detour from the actual story for another episode in The Erotic Adventures of Ros.
The bad: The actress playing Asha/Yara is still unconvincing - when she told Theon her crew would wait for a year if she told them to...yeah, not buying it. I still have no idea what Littlefinger is doing in Renly's encampment and why he's spending so much time doing it. How can the Master of Coin and professional whoremonger deliver on his promise to open the city gates for Renly? Why would Renly (who spent much of his adult life in King's Landing and knows the workings of the city) ever believe him capable of delivering? And Littlefinger's exchanges with the Tyrells - instead of a master of deception and misdirection, he comes across as a master of the plain wrong and the bleeding obvious. Most of Renly's strength is Highgarden's strength - why do Loras and Margaery need to run for their lives from Stannis, surrounded by legions of their father's soldiers, knights and bannermen? How is Joffrey able to make defensive plans on his own? If he has the power to order the defense of King's Landing, he has the power to dispose of Tyrion right now.
Also, a question: why does Bran have the dream about the sea invading Winterfell instead of Jojen? Where are Jojen and Meera? Aren't they going to be necessary when Bran and Rickon eventually flee Winterfell?
					
					
							Edited by BoldAsYouPlease, 30 April 2012 - 01:23 AM.
739	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-30	I have one minor gripe.  Rhaegar is such a huge presence in the books, even though he is never present.  Dany likes to think of herself as him and is told by many that she reminds them of him.  However, there has been no mention of him by Dany, Viserys, Jorah, or anyone else for that matter.  I think non-readers should be made more aware of him.Robert mentions him in S1/ep1 when Ned takes him down to the crypts of Winterfell to visit Lyanna's grave. Jorah also tells Dany that she reminds him of Rhaegar.
740	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-30	Awesome episode! Renly's death was done magnificently & Brienne showed how much of a badass she is. That was really cool. I loved the scenes in Qarth & seeing Drogon. Even though the chapters in ACOK were kinda boirng, the show's doing a good job of showing the people and geography of Qarth. I liked Bronn's lines to the pyromancer too, very Bronn-like even though they weren't in the book and Arya's scenes were awesome too, but was disappointed Jaqen killed the Tickler and not someone else, who'll she kill next season then? Overall I loved it though.
741	Dru	2012-04-30	10 tonight for me. Loved it!!! Very well paced, well written and very well acted. No complaints at all.
742	Died a Hero	2012-04-30	Also, a question: why does Bran have the dream about the sea invading Winterfell instead of Jojen? Where are Jojen and Meera? Aren't they going to be necessary when Bran and Rickon eventually flee Winterfell?Agreed. They can give Bran the greendreams, but what about when they set out north? Or in season 4/5, which I'm convinced they'll smash together, when Bran meets Bloodraven? Not to mention, he (Bran) loves Meera! Couldn't we have not had...idk...ROS instead of not having the Reeds?
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 30 April 2012 - 01:56 AM.
743	Dru	2012-04-30	I have a feeling Osha will be going North with Bran and feeding him the info on Bloodraven and greendreams while Lewin takes Rickton to Skagos. I'm cool with it as I like the actress playing Osha.
744	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-30	Robert mentions him in S1/ep1 when Ned takes him down to the crypts of Winterfell to visit Lyanna's grave. Jorah also tells Dany that she reminds him of Rhaegar.Right...I said no mention when I should have said there hasn't been much mention.  I just feel nonreaders should get a greater feel for him.
745	rmholt	2012-04-30	I think the actress portraying Brienne is doing a decent job but there is something off there, not quite how I pictured her.I'm sorry they made her cut her hair as it is long in the books.  More butch?  They could have had her do a few laps in a chlorinated pool to make it unmanageable.I love how Theon has changed from being a soft smart ass to a hard but uncertain Ironborn.   Asha/Yara - for goodness sake!  She has a ot of decent lines but where is the sauciness and the humor and the edge? Alas.Arya - all her scenes are so good.  I am sad that she wont have the chance to kill the Tickler screaming questions at him. Dont mess with PTSD.Tywin could not have been better cast.  Catelyn;  She became a total downer in the book way before this (with good reason) and is not disappointing!Tyrion, well.  Except where is the chain dammit?I'll miss the handsome Renly. I hope Loras combs his hair soon.This is like Moneyball in that they could have made an entire series (or movie) out of each component - I'm glad they are doing it as well as they are.HOT HOT HOT Gendry.
746	James Arryn	2012-04-30	So on the plus side, one pansified weak gay pawn was killed off, but on the other he's been replaced by another pansified weak gay pawn.
Loras' rage was reduced from killing lots of Rainbow guards (given to Brienne) to threatening an unarmed LF, before being talked down to size.
Other than all this stuff it was really good, but seriously, if I was gay I'd be getting a little pissed off.
Edit, wait, I'm getting a little pissed off anyway.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 30 April 2012 - 02:16 AM.
747	Eira Seren	2012-04-30	The whole Qarth storyline in the books isn't terribly gripping anyway, so I don't mind them taking some liberties with it. As long as I get the House of the Undying burning, I couldn't care less.I suppose it's mostly stuff like "Boo hoo, Xaro isn't effete and they changed his reason for marrying Dany" or "Waah, the Spice Kings ISN'T IN THE BOOK!!"i don't mind most of the changes to this part of the story this week.  a big improvement overall on the dialogue from last week, and visually quite striking.  these first scenes seemed a little slow, and the whole episode seemed to finally take off after about 15 minutes.  still think it might help if we had less recap and preview for other shows at the beginning, would give us a few more minutes with the episode.i give it 7 or 8. thought Renly's death went pretty well, if a bit underwhelming, but I think that came from Brienne's reaction more than anything.  her "no!" was perfect.  kindof expected her to do it with her sword in hand though, wouldn't that have been instinct (after all, she's a knight and wtf? he's dead and stannis or something weird just killed him? where is it? behind me? you? where'd it go?).  jon and mormont's relationship seems to be somewhat strained of late.  not certain i credit joff and cersei with being smart enough to find out about wildfire, though in terms of its lack of subtlety as a battle strategy, the glove certainly fits. perhaps they want to set up a connection between necromancers and cersei early on. margaery's outfit reminds me of alice in wonderland.  i wonder if it supposed to be like the queen of hearts, or a chesspiece (in which case the question would be queen or pawn)?  was glad to catch a break from ros.the moment when arya looks at tywin and says, "anyone can die" is 100%(spoiler alert) the worry about jojen and meera. . .  i share that concern, mainly because i don't think it will be believable for bran to find his way north or figure out what to do with the wolf dreams on his own. and depending on what your pet theories are concerning bran, snow, and the reeds, they are characters who seem to have a pretty serious part to play, and may be some of the only credible sources the series provides for certain important information.  i could see osha taking their place for part of it, but THEY KNOW things, possibly even answers to things that the Stark children will need. (some of whom were promised answers in the first season that have yet to be delivered.)  for osha to entirely take over their characters won't work for me, because of who they are and where they come from. this would change the integrity of the characters and story a little too much (the difference between an adaptation and 'inspired by', as described by Tadco26).looking forward to ygritte.
748	rmholt	2012-04-30	I gave it a 7.The good: I'm really liking the actress playing Brienne - she's not what I picture when I read the books, but she does a very good job of capturing the power, purity and naivety of the character. The scenes with Arya and Tywin, which never took place in the book, were quite good mostly due to the talent of Charles Dance and Maisie Williams. The Tyrion/Bronn scenes were good as usual. The scenes of the Night's Watch north of the wall were spectacular to look at - great, snow-covered desolation and harsh mountain peaks as far as the eye can see. And the best thing about the episode: no 10 minute detour from the actual story for another episode in The Erotic Adventures of Ros.The bad: The actress playing Asha/Yara is still unconvincing - when she told Theon her crew would wait for a year if she told them to...yeah, not buying it. I still have no idea what Littlefinger is doing in Renly's encampment and why he's spending so much time doing it. How can the Master of Coin and professional whoremonger deliver on his promise to open the city gates for Renly? ... And Littlefinger's exchanges with the Tyrells - instead of a master of deception and misdirection, he comes across as a master of the plain wrong and the bleeding obvious. How is Joffrey able to make defensive plans on his own? If he has the power to order the defense of King's Landing, he has the power to dispose of Tyrion right now.I am hoping Little finger is doing what was behind the scenes in the book - arranging the Tyrell - Lannister hookup and G-d knows what else.IIRC Beyond the Wall was done in Iceland or some other frozen waste.Joffrey has his Regent to help.He cant kill Tyrion without becoming a kinslayer.  Also he probably has a healthy fear of Tywin who appointed Tyrionacting Hand.  Plus Bronn would gut him for a nickel.Asha is terrible at delivering her lines.  but the loyalty of her crew was prominent in the booksBefore I am totally oppositional I did like the lack of naked debauchery.Brienne is FANTASTIC - she prepared for this and it shows.Marie
749	rmholt	2012-04-30	Agreed, Quaithe looked cooler then what I'd concieved in my head.I had imagined her wooden mask much less impressive so pleased.
750	dansnow	2012-04-30	Wow amazing episode, this is what I've been waiting for all season. 10.
751	footballcoach	2012-04-30	I gave it an 8.  Easily one of the top 3 episodes of this series.  Thankfully, no stupid T&A filler scenes.  It's been so overdone lately that it was good to see a departure from that formula for the show and a renewed focus on story-relevant scenes.  Overall because of the above this episode blended very well for the most part.
Last scene with Dany was kinda lame, but the Pyat Pree more than made up for this.  Hope they give the Warlocks some good airtime as the show needs some creep factor right now.
The Renly scene was good, but could have been a bit better.  It seemed odd how they all just stood there and watched the shadow crawl across the floor.
Arya and Jaqen scene was awesome.  I expected Jaqen to be a bit uglier, but I can live with it.  He's one of my favorite characters in the books so I had him pre-visualized maybe too much.
Charles Dance...His screen presence is amazing!
Overall, this is the kind of Game of Thrones episode I pay HBO to see.  I'm hoping they are learning that the story is so beloved by many fans that they will eventually alienate those people from viewership if they don't do a better job of using their allotted episode time to try and tell the story as best they can.  There's plenty of nudity, sex, and depravity to show in scenes that come directly from the books when the time comes to do that.  It is a better series when those elements play a more minor role as they do in the books.
					
					
							Edited by footballcoach, 30 April 2012 - 02:53 AM.
752	Oberyn King	2012-04-30	Cons:  Dagmer, Qhorin and Renlys' death
Pros: Arya, Tywin, Tyrion, Bran, Brienne, Davos and the fist.
Overall: 8
753	Planetary	2012-04-30	I gave the first 4 episodes somewhere between an 8-10, and this one I gave a 6.  If you compare it your regular television show, however, it's like a 9.5.  It seems like a lot of people loved it, but I was left disappointed.  I have this feeling that they're going to keep deviating more and more from the book to a point where it's almost like a different story.  I know True Blood did that, and I'd hate to see that here.  Sometimes they change such small things, and I don't see a purpose to it.I'm glad to have a show at all and don't mean to sound like a huge complainer, but I get kind of sad when I know I'll never get to see a scene that I've had in my head for years and years and was so excited to see when the show was announced.  The Tickler and Arya at the inn, for example.  But I'll try to keep faith in D&D and believe they'll stay as true to the story as they can.  It's so difficult to turn these books into a television adaptation.  I just have to realize that it can never be the same as the books...it's the show version!  And a great one.The acting is amazing though, it really is.  Perfect. What Allan Ball and HBO did was elevate True Blood from a poorly-written book series with some great ideas to an amazing show that vacillates between visual poetry and trashy, guilty pleasure. The deviations on True Blood are almost always for the better.The deviations here are less stylistic, and more to do with the incredible task of diluting a huge volume down to 10 hours of TV. For the most part, they're doing a fantastic job. For instance, while Arya goes on quote a bit longer before she's captured in the books, does that really add much to the narrative? It was a smart decision to compact that sequence.I don't think HBO has the artistic license to seriously deviate from the books, and I don't think the ASOIAF fanbase would be as forgiving as Charlain Harris fans. LIke you noted, it can never be the same as in the books. For me, the books and the TV show both have their strengths.
754	Envie	2012-04-30	I also added a point simply for getting to see Gendry sweaty and shirtless, swinging a sword. Call me a girly eye-candy whore, whatever! (and we've certainly seen enough of Ros's snatch to more than make up for any weakness I may have for Gendry's body haha)
I absolutely loved love LOVED the tense moment where Tywin stared at Arya and she stared back after delivering her best line of the season so far. A little girl and an old man can out-act and out goosebump everyone (except maybe Tyrion) in one scene and NO T&A necessary - phew! Jaqen is being played well. I wasn't sure about his looks at first, but his personality and style as grown on me.
I really enjoyed Bran's 'management' and remarks about defending the bannermen's families. Shows he's definitely a Stark even so young.
The Renly assassination scene was fairly well done. I don't understand why they decided to change it from the book however... where Renly was still wearing his armor and the shadow slit his throat through his metal gorget, which seemed like such an important clue to those investigating it...how could Brienne have done it that way? The way they made it seemed much more likely she could have stabbed him with her sword. Oh well. I wasn't disappointed with it that much.
I like the Qarth stuff ok, its suitably 'exotic' enough. And I enjoyed the exchange between Dany and Daxos with his marriage proposal - it was well done. I wasn't really fond of the Dothraki men arguing over the statue, whatever. I especially liked Pyat Pree and he's as creepy looking as I had hoped he would be.
Brienne and Cat's oath scene was well done as well.
I gave it a 9!
755	Dracarya	2012-04-30	I don't know what to think of them changing Jojen's greendreams over to Bran. I'm not sure how that will work out, but I must say my initial reaction was "What the actual fuck?!". 
Qarth was disappointing. I was happy to see Qaithe though, despite the changes. Pyat Pree was so creepy! 
Loved all of Arya's scenes, though the one with Tywin was a bit weird. Does he know who she is? I hope he doesn't, that would change quite a lot I think. Anyway, I don't much care that the Tickler died now instead of later, I'm sure we'll see Arya kicking some arse at some point in the future. Jaqen is amazing, and half-naked Gendry? Sorry, but us ladies have had nothing so far, so this episode was a treat!
I really like TV-Cat, so her scenes with Brienne were enjoyable for me. I definitely felt Renly's death was underwhelming though, such a shame. But I guess the aftermath is what's more important. 
Tyrion owns, as usual. That man is simply a genius. I can't say much more on him - he's just perfect. 
Trying to separate the books from the TV show is tough, because I keep catching myself nitpicking and I don't want to do that, I want to enjoy the show. I just hope they don't deviate too much, like Dexter and True Blood have done.
756	ARYa_Nym	2012-04-30	Jaqen was hot to me in the books so I like him in the show."But Jaqen H'ghar still smiled. His garb was still ragged and filthy, but he found time to wash and brush his hair. It streamed down across his shoulders, red and white and shiny, and Arya heard the girls giggling to each other in admiration."I liked the Arya and Dany scenes. The Qarth wardrobe is beautiful btw. I didn't really like the Renly death scene or the aftermath except for Margaery's reaction.It was pretty good overall.
757	Isy	2012-04-30	Gendry shirtless.  Took it from 8 to 9.Took it from 9 to 10 for me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Was the best episode of the season for me. I found all the book to screen changes worked for me today, including character based changes. Quaithe was only one who really didn't fit with my image, but it was acceptable..
758	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-30	Best of season so far.
Don't really mind any of the changes, and only sad that we have no Reeds. Quite happy for Loras not to blame Brienne, it's a sub-plot that goes no where in the book, and actually shows Loras has some smarts. Brienne left because she thought she'd get the chop, and her loyalty was to Renly, not Tyrell, Baratheon or anyone else. So she's pledged fealty to Cat and that's as far as it needs to go.
Only thing that irked me was Dany with her handmaidens, they were altogether too familiar, but it was a small thing.
I swear, the best episodes are the ones with the least T&A because that leaves space and time for real narrative and drama. I don't necessarily want GoT to become PG, but I'll trade explicit sex scenes for quality drama any day of the week.
8/10 a big improvement on Ep4 and very hopeful for the rest of the season.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 30 April 2012 - 05:51 AM.
759	The Monkey	2012-04-30	I voted 7, but in retrospect maybe it deserves an 8.
The negatives:
The scenery in Qarth was flawless, but the narrative just wasn't smooth. The Renly death scene and its aftermath was a bit underwhelming. I missed Loras killing the rainbow guard, as that action said so much about his character. I'm bummed that The Tickler died so early, as now they have changed one of my favourite scene in all the books, where Arya stabs him in book 3, while screaming out his questions.
The positives:
Tyrion is a champ as always. Arya/Tywin and Arya/Jaq'en were amazing. Great acting! Brienne is awesome. Don't mind the changes in Bran's storyline. The Fist of the First Men is terrific, fucking amazing location they found in Iceland. No Ros or Shae! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> No tits at all this episode, think it's a series first.
760	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-04-30	Pretty good. Generally good acting all round, but mega kudos to Maisie Williams. Also I like the fleshing out of Margaery at this early stage.
I don't mind the Halfhand being short, and I understand the need to flesh out Qarth a bit, so I'll let these minor things slide.
A few minor gripes- Asha. This character could not be more of a fail.
Dagmer- Only because to me he is Finchy from The Office.
No Reeds /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. Though I have read somewhere they will enter in season 3.
A solid 8.
761	Queen of Winter	2012-04-30	sooooo....margarey's "dress?"It's probably a Highgarden version of a ladies sideless surcoat. (I don't care for the interpretation /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> ).
					
					
							Edited by Queen of Winter, 30 April 2012 - 06:31 AM.
762	hulyen	2012-04-30	Best episode so far. Not as "boring" as the first episodes of season 2. I'm bummed that The Tickler died so early, as now they have changed one of my favourite scene in all the books, where Arya stabs him in book 3, while screaming out his questions.Just realized this! That's one of my favorite Arya book scenes as well! I hope they'll make up for it by adding a new scene or something to show Arya's badass killing.
763	bikie	2012-04-30	my favorite episode of the year so far, but I do echo the "underwhelmed" sentiment with regards to renly's death. it seemed rushed and not nearly the "event" it should have been. I liked how it was handled in the book with the shadow and the people in attendance much better.
the scenes with arya were amazing, just amazing... tyrion was on top of his game as usual and I loved the scenes with jon...
the only true letdown was qarth. I just did not find any of it interesting at all, save for the amazing cgi with the dragon.
764	hoelk	2012-04-30	Awesome except for the crappy CGI Shadow... i really wished they would have done it with a bit more style
765	Mr. E	2012-04-30	I am hoping Little finger is doing what was behind the scenes in the book - arranging the Tyrell - Lannister hookup and G-d knows what else.I'm almost as positive of this as I can be without being intimately involved in the show, and I'm surprised that people haven't caught onto the fact that this is where the narrative is heading; the writer's have managed to get Littlefinger to Bitterbridge while allowing LF to deliver Ned's bones and have a scene with Cat--masterful writing, TBH.Gave this one a ten. Best of this season, loved everything about it. A little surprise to me was the final scene in Qarth where Jorah's love becomes more apparent and Dany finally catches onto his feelings for her...but then again I'm a sap for romance so...
766	TheEvilKing	2012-04-30	Gave it an 8. Really solid episode without anything super epic.
Good bits:
- Everything involving Arya. Tywin and Jaqen are superb. It was also Maisie's best performance this season, I enjoyed her reminiscing about Syrio.
- The Winterfell scenes were good.
- The Night's Watch scenes were also very strong.
- Tyrion's scenes were, as always, gold. Another strong performance from Lena Headey. Glad they gave Bronn a bit more to do than spout one-liners. We're starting the build up to the Blackwater, folks!
- Stannis was amazing this episode. I wasn't sure about him at first, but he's getting better and better.
- I liked the scene with LF and the Tyrells.
Not so good bits:
- I was looking forward to Quaithe but her appearance here was a little underwhelming.
- The Cat/Brienne scene seemed a bit awkward.
- Dagmer. This guy isn't a badass reaver.
767	zippypoodle	2012-04-30	Who's the troll who always votes one? Fess up.
768	Jory's Shade	2012-04-30	Every week the show gets better.  It builds momentum and interest in the epic just like CoK did for ASoIF.  It makes me very optimistic about how this season will wrap up and what we will get for SoS (which I hope is 14 episodes).
769	zippypoodle	2012-04-30	I think it was a good hour of TV if you can some how manage to completely divorce it from the books. In that light it is probably an 8 or 9. As an adaptation it is probably a 3 to 4. The changes are starting to really add up and by next season this may just be a TV show inspired by the Song of Fire and Ice series, rather than an adaptation of it. I have to get some sleep so I will have to save my more in depth thoughts for later.I bet you can't name a single change of any importance whatsoever.
770	Greyjoy67	2012-04-30	Acting is again superb, but they need to try and throw in at least one bit of action per episode - too many two person scenes can get stale in a row. They missed a trick with Robb's battle last episode, and this episode they could have at least shown Stannis' ride in a little majestically. Atm, Stannis is still just 'there' a little bit. We've not seen him give his troops any speeches for example, whereas we've seen Renly, Robb etc do so. He needs to be a bigger presence as the main new pro/antogonist (prontagonist!) in the series.
But yeah, more scale needed - I liked the scene where Jon sees Qhorin in the distance, because it seemed really authentic being filmed in Iceland. I understand that they're focusing on character, and this is a TV series, but there were a few shots in the first series that were just there to take your breath away and remind you "Hey, this is Westeros"  e.g. first glimpse of the wall, riding up to the Eyrie etc. There's not been quite as many of those shots.
Other than all that - I'd give it an 8/9 again. Lots of fantastic performances, and I found Renly's death to be well done. Also loved Isaac and Maisie's performances again. OH, that scene with Arya/Tywin. Yesyesyesyes!
771	koifishkid	2012-04-30	I thought this episode was great. I've been enjoying the show a lot more since deciding to evaluate it on its own, rather than insisting that everything be exactly as it is in the books. TV is a different medium that the novel and things that make sense for one don't always make sense for the other.
772	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	Best episode so far, gave it a rating of 8.Reasons for liking itThe death scene for Renly was great, although we had a certain missing armor pieceThe fealty scene with Cat and Brienne was very well done and meaningfulStannis and Davos's discusssion about the Lady Mel, shored up the reason for not taking her to 'Battle of Blackwater'. Although it does seem odd, 'Admiral Davos Seaworth'The site of Ghost stand fiercely in the background at the 'Fist of the First Men'The Halfhand's introduction, already a legendPhat's introduction, that's one creepy you-know-whatDany beginning to communicate with your fierciest Dragon, the CGI was very niceAny battle of words scene with Tyrion and CersieOh heck, I'll give it a 9, for said reasons
773	WinterWarrior	2012-04-30	I thought this was the best episode yet - and gave it a 10. I just loved it, all of it, and thought Jaqen, Arya, Tywin and Gendry shirtless were all excellent. I really like Jaqen.
Brienne's agony over seeing Renley killed was very moving - Christie is a great actress and I hope she gets nominated for an Emmy next year. I guess she did not have enough air time to make it this year. And Catelyn was excellent as well.
I was so relieved there were no Ros scenes and no time wasted with prostitues and sex scenes that don't mean anything. I really like how much of the book was covered in this episode and how the story was moved along. And the less I have to see of Cersei the better, that actress and that character really get on my nerves.
Iceland was breathtaking and a perfet place to film North of the Wall. Those scenes were EXCELLENT!!!! And I, too, loved the shot of Ghost on the Fist of First Men in the background.
I just loved this episode from start to finish. I would like to see Rhaegon and Visyrion though, Drogon is the only dragon getting air time. The three should be flying around the room and sitting on Dany by now.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 30 April 2012 - 07:30 AM.
774	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	Some people just love to bitch and moan. Learn to ignore it and you'll be happier. Some people are just never going to be satisfied with the series because they expect it to be exactly like the books, regardless of the fact that the producers are trying to fit a 1000 page book into 10, 50 minute episodes. They want EVERY line and EVERY miscellaneous, unimportant side character to be included or this show is a "total flop!".Can you really show any post that says that it needs to mirror the books exactly otherwise it will be a total loss?
775	rmanoj	2012-04-30	8/10I really enjoyed this episode. It's definitely the best of the season so far. Most of the changes make sense - I only have a few minor quibbles:The whole Theon scene seemed a bit over the top to me, with his crew randomly taking the piss out of him. Didn't like Dagmer Cleftjaw, and the less said about Yara the better.The bit with Qhorin Halfhand was slightly off. The Old Bear came across as too passive (and strangely jovial?) and not really the man in charge, Jon was obnoxious and the Fist of the First Men didn't look like much of a fortifiable defensive position (and is everything North of the Wall supposed to be so completely...frozen in the books? I had the impression that that only really applied to the Lands of Always Winter)The changes to Renly's death felt unnecessary, with Brienne actually killing people rather than Loras going berserk.
776	Hour of the Wolf	2012-04-30	4.  I'm surprised by the high level of approval for this episode.  This episode was going to be the true test for Gwendoline Christie, and I think it is clear that she will not be very good.  She looks the part and that fight scene in the tent was great, but her acting is painful to watch.  It was going to be a hard role to pull off, so I am not surprised, but it still has to be said that Brienne is a failure so far. 
The shadow at the end of the last episode got me really excited, and then fizzled with Renly's death in this episode.
Bronn is still very good, but I think Tyrion is not as entertaining as I was hoping.  ACOK is Tyrion's book, and he has yet to take over.  He really took control in the book, but he only seems to be a side show so far.
The Tickler becoming one of the deaths was brutal.  Absolutely killed one of the best moments I was waiting for in ASOS at the inn.  I don't mind changes, but my favorite Arya moment has no chance of happening now.
777	WITCHKING	2012-04-30	Who's the troll who always votes one? Fess up.I vote 1.And i am not a troll...
778	DemiNymph	2012-04-30	9. I have no complaints about this episode.
- Plus now it is logical that Littlefinger has a purpose for going to Renly's camp. He brought the Tyrells to the Lannisters. I wasn't pleased at how come he went there to talk to Cat in the earlier episode, but now I'm appeased. 
- Arya + Tywin + Jaqen. Love all the Harrenhal scenes. + Gendry shirtless, oh my god. 
- Brienne + Catelyn was touching. 
- Tyrion making fun of Lancel is always fun to watch. 
- Dany + dragon. Ehh, seem to be a lot of talking for her storyline and not much action, but it's ok for me. I like that they explain the motivations and deliberations behind the characters. Not bored - yet.
779	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-30	I vote 1.And i am not a troll...If I rated a show a 1 on a regular basis I certainly wouldn't keep watching it. To continue just to give the 1 rating is exactly the definition of troll.
780	WITCHKING	2012-04-30	If I rated a show a 1 on a regular basis I certainly wouldn't keep watching it. To continue just to give the 1 rating is exactly the definition of troll.I dont always vote 1.Just this episode for various reason's...
781	rappin'Hodor	2012-04-30	While there were a few changes, they hit every thing they needed to in this episode. All the story lines are fully intact and the acting is amazing!I watch with my husband a non-book reader who has become a huge fan. He rates this a 10. (I think he feels this way about nearly all the episodes)I'm in a similar situation with my brother.  We text during the show and talk immediatley afterwards every week.  He loves it and considers it the best show on tv.  So when I'm feeling a little blue about no Jojen and Meera, his enthusiasm for Bran's dreams bring me right back!
782	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	8. Was pretty good, but a few things were off. Great acting all around, and the changes were mostly pretty good IMO- some characters' personalities are different but the changes fit. The most annoying thing was Jon's storyline- I thought the way in the book was far better, and this version of Lord Mormont seems like an absolute jackass. And why the hell would you camp in a place that, whilst only being attackable from one side, is practically impossible to escape from against a much larger army?
783	White Raven	2012-04-30	9/10 This episode was almost perfect.
784	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	Still waiting for the action though. Bring on next episode
785	Slingingstones	2012-04-30	ad.ap.ta.tion:a. Something, such as a device or mechanism, that is changed or changes so as to become suitable to a new or special application or situation.Well done and deserves high marks.
786	Goodbrother	2012-04-30	I can only agree whit what have been said so far: This episode had a hand-full of meaningful deeper meanings, it's obviously building up for something big. 
I was stunned to finally see Emilia Clarke smile, Daenerys seems to be in the right element.
And Halfhand, finally. Have been anticipated this moment since the start of the season. 
Gave the Episode an overall rating of 8, I liked it alot, but I found the wildfire scene a bit... dull from my point of view. That Bronn talked with so little respect and took Tyrions role in that form the books didn't fit me at all.
787	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	Me either. The whole Qarth storyline in the books isn't terribly gripping anyway, so I don't mind them taking some liberties with it. As long as I get the House of the Undying burning, I couldn't care less.I suppose it's mostly stuff like "Boo hoo, Xaro isn't effete and they changed his reason for marrying Dany" or "Waah, the Spice Kings ISN'T IN THE BOOK!!"I'll echo this sentiment.  And yes, it may very well be due to the fact that I found the Qarth storyline to be boring and utterly forgettable in the books, House of the Undying notwithstanding.  The bit with Pyatt Pree was entertaining as hell (Dany and Jorah's reaction faces were priceless) and served to underscore the general weird creepiness of the Warlocks very effectively.  Quaithe's look was different than I was expecting, but she came across as a complete mystery, which again goes along with the book.  And by her addressing Jorah, we now know (as far as the show is concerned) that she isn't a figment of Dany's imagination, which is a relief as that would have been cheesy in the extreme.
					
					
							Edited by Ferrum Aeternum, 30 April 2012 - 08:21 AM.
788	A Redeemed Hound	2012-04-30	Gave it a solid 9.  Loved this episode.  Brienne's reaction to Renly's death was amazing and quite moving.  The shadow was great.  And Brienne and Cat really match well on screen.  They already seem to have a bond.  Truly great scenes.  Sir Loras did not go ape shit but he looked very upset and distraught.
Dany in Qarth was totally redeemed by the appearance of Pyat Pree and Quaith.  I hope she meets Quaith one more time to learn that she must go East to go West...or something like that.  And beware the Mummer's Dragon.  Cannot wait for the House of the Undying.  Saw some dragons.  I wish they would show all three but one is better than none.  And I think we saw the cream one when she was putting Drogon back in its crate.  Whereas Qarth was painful to watch last week, this week I thought it was great.  I am trying to remove myself from the books when watching the TV show.  Not an easy task.
Loved the wild fire scene with the Alchemist.
But to me the best part of the show was JAQUEN!!!!!  He fricking owned!!!  He stole the show.  So creepy, cool, and spot on!!!  He is perfect.
Good to see Jon Snow and the Fists of the First Men.  Halfhand was fine.  Looking forward to next week.  I hope they give Snow more action than in the books in terms of fighting.  We all know he sees plenty of other action.
My one negative was Dagmer Cleftjaw.  I was hoping he would have been more like the book.  Would have liked more background with him and Theon but you can't have everything I guess.
Oh, and I loved Rickon smashing nuts at the table next to Bran.  Do you think the Reeds will ever come to Winterfell?  They are kind of important in the book but I am wondering now if they will ever be used.  Even next season.
And more HODOR = more greatness.  HODOR!!!
789	whiteraven77	2012-04-30	can someone explain to me why it is a three eyed raven, and not a crow?I wondered that too but maybe like the Asha--> Yara name change they think crow would be too confusing for viewers when they hear the wildings using it for NW & other kneelers.
790	Mr. E	2012-04-30	Pardon my relative ignorance of taxonomy, but aren't crows and ravens pretty much the same thing?
791	Mulled Wino	2012-04-30	Best episode yet imo, gave it my first 9!Might be the fact that there was no Shae or Ros that swayed me but I really couldn't find much fault in this episode at all apart from it feeling too short.Not sure why Quaithe addressed Jorah instead of Daeny but she looked pretty neat, Pree was fantastically creepy as well.Dagmer could have used a Cleftjaw but HBO are lazy pricks when it comes to facial disfigurements.   Brienne's acting was so-so, but she fits the bill and I'm fine with her.  Tyrion and Bronn were brilliant.  Arya was great, I'm guessing Polliver will be next and after that some Weasel soup.  Hope they never show the Hill that rides again, glad I wasn't burdened with his lanky ass this episode.The Fist looked great.  Does Qhorin Halfhand even have a Halfhand?  Theon scenes were pretty good.I agree with this, easily the best eposide.  Winterfell was damn good as well.  I think they are doong the best jobs editing the stories in harranhal and winterfell. The scenes north of the wall are amazeballs.  It looks as cold and inhospitable as i imagined it.  The costumes in qarth are excellent.  Cleftjaw wasnt right but thats nitpickey.  That plus no Dany exposure of the breast take it down to 9.
792	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	ad.ap.ta.tion:a. Something, such as a device or mechanism, that is changed or changes so as to become suitable to a new or special application or situation.Well done and deserves high marks.Again, no one is saying there shouldn't be any changes so not really sure what the point of your post is.
793	The Unborn	2012-04-30	I wondered that too but maybe like the Asha--> Yara name change they think crow would be too confusing for viewers when they hear the wildings using it for NW & other kneelers. I found it weird when they said the 3 eyed raven, yet I couldn't help but feel like it was a way to set up Bloodraven later on.
794	Tadco26	2012-04-30	I bet you can't name a single change of any importance whatsoever.Well since you brought it up here are the changes that come to mind off the top of my head...
	Spoiler Loras not even suspecting Brienne of killing Renly, when he is convinced she did it in the books and they even did his casting based on the confrontation from Feast.  Loras also killed two of his sworn Rainbow Guard brothers in rage who were guarding outside the tent, where here is talked down from hurting an unarmed Littlefinger who is starting wedding negotiations with Margeary over Renly's corpse.Brienne's first slaying of a man wasn't until Feast, where she slayed several of the guards here.Davos is made admiral of Stannis's fleet, where Imry Florent, the queen's brother who has no experience as an admiral, leads the attack on Blackwater Bay.  While Davos will no doubt be made to make the same mistakes in the show, in the book Davos is the one pointing out the mistakes Ser Imry is making in being over confident and not sending out any scouts or noticing the tower which holds the chain.  Also Ser Imry keeps Salador's ships back because he does not trust them, when Davos feels this was a waste as these were some of the most experienced war time sailors.Asha hasn't fit her book character so far.  The Cleftjaw is the one suggesting they alter their raiding target, where in the books Theon is the one convincing him.The cliff side approaches of the TV fist of the first men will make escaping from it when it is attacked problematic, as there appeared to be only one way in and out.  Qarth is almost completely original content.  Xaro is not gay, and they didn't bring up how if they were married the bride and groom could ask for one gift of one another which could not be refused, with Xaro's being one of her dragons.  One has to wonder if Dany might not have considered Xaro more seriously for marriage, if she thought he had any interest in her what so ever.  Especially when he makes it seem much more so than the books that he would support her war effort.  They also made Jorah Mormont seem like he was against bringing any foreign aid to conquer Westeros, when it was his idea to get the Unsullied.With Arya as cupbearer to Tywin, it is pretty unlikely that he would have a percieved commoner speaking freely to his council, and even less likely that she could say something as pointed as the thinly veiled threat of "anyone can die" directed at him.Likewise it seems pretty unlikely that Jaqen would offer her 3 deaths and Tywin wouldn't be the first name on her mind after having made that threat.  In the books it is more plauseable because she has no contact at all with Tywin and only sees him from a distance, and then realizes she should have named him as he is leaving.  Cheswick was her first death in the books, and the Tickler taking his place robs Arya of the moment when she does it herself in Storm of Swords, the whole "Is there gold in the village?" as she stabs him over and over.  I understand that not even having named him as the Tickler until this episode and having his torture scenes so brief and non-graphic in nature he probably would not even be remembered by next season or two seasons from now.  But it still is a bit disappointing.  Perhaps Polliver will take his place in that scene.Harrenhal is not nearly the hell it was for Arya, where she was constantly in danger, and stuck on manual labor duties scrubbing floors and what not.  As the surprisingly friendly Tywin's cupbearer she argueably has it better than most of the commoners in the kingdom at this point.  No Vargo Hoat and the Bloody Mummers certainly plays a role there, though I understand the casting costs for delaying their entrance to the story.   Of course if they do cast them next season and if weasel soup still happens this season, then Vargo won't be changing sides in nearly the same manner.No Reeds, Bran has the Green Dreams instead and Osha apparently is going to be the one interpretting them.  Howland Reed was the only survivor of the Tower of Joy, and it appears that story line may be cut completely.  No mention of Ramsay Snow yet, but it is still early.  Still this would have seemed to be the perfect time to bring him up story line wise.No Edric Storm.  An understandable cut, but still this is one of the major tension points between Davos and Stannis in Storm, and the first time we learn of Melisandre's desire to sacrifice someone who has king's blood.
Now I gave the episode an 8 as a TV show, but as an adaptation the changes are really mounting, and truth be told this episode was a lesser offender in comparison to some of the other changes we have seen so far this season.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 30 April 2012 - 09:44 AM.
795	zippypoodle	2012-04-30	This is a spoiler-OK thread. No need for the tag. I'l respond later.
796	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Quaithe's look was different than I was expecting, but she came across as a complete mystery, which again goes along with the book.  And by her addressing Jorah, we now know (as far as the show is concerned) that she isn't a figment of Dany's imagination, which is a relief as that would have been cheesy in the extreme.We already knew that at least some of her appearances were real, she was one of the 3 who first game to Dany and invited her to Qarth.  She also warned Dany to " Beware all.  They shall come day and night to see the wonder that has been born again into the world, and when they see they shall lust.  For dragons are fire made flesh, and fire is power."  To which Jorah responded "She speaks truly, my queen..  though I like her no more than the others."
797	Mulled Wino	2012-04-30	I'll echo this sentiment.  And yes, it may very well be due to the fact that I found the Qarth storyline to be boring and utterly forgettable in the books, House of the Undying notwithstanding.  The bit with Pyatt Pree was entertaining as hell (Dany and Jorah's reaction faces were priceless) and served to underscore the general weird creepiness of the Warlocks very effectively.  Quaithe's look was different than I was expecting, but she came across as a complete mystery, which again goes along with the book.  And by her addressing Jorah, we now know (as far as the show is concerned) that she isn't a figment of Dany's imagination, which is a relief as that would have been cheesy in the extreme.Didnt she meet belwas and company in qarth?
798	Slingingstones	2012-04-30	Again, no one is saying there shouldn't be any changes so not really sure what the point of your post is.I do not seek controversy nor am I saying posters do not have the right to express their opinions; however, some of the posts seem a tad whinny about D&D drawing outside of canonical lines.  The entire season's film is in the "can"(read: completed)  To complain that actor x is not doing a good job or not hitting their mark, is denying the fact that whatever action portrayed on screen is only as good as the writing and the director's approval; and, whatever scrutiny professionals apply to their product.  We either like it or we don't, is all I'm saying.  Besides, I don't hear GRRM complaining.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 30 April 2012 - 10:27 AM.
799	Blisscraft	2012-04-30	I found it weird when they said the 3 eyed raven, yet I couldn't help but feel like it was a way to set up Bloodraven later on.I agree. This makes it easier for a distinction with BR.  Also, because the NW are called "crows," it creates another separation for people who haven't read the books.Liked the episode very much.  Still trying to let go of the transition from books to TV, but love most of the performances, especially, Arya/Tywin; Cat Brienne; LF/Margery.
800	Mr. E	2012-04-30	Y'know, I watch this show, and I wonder why there are so many crappy actors in the movies when the people on this show rock!  Sure, Dinklage, Heady, Dance, and a few others have been in big movies, but most of these people are unknown and can actually ACT!  Where's the justice? Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Leonardo DiCaprio, and many other Hollywood "stars" CAN'T ACT!!  Some can do comedy OK, but as dramatic actors, feh!  And yet, the cast of this show are stuck in lesser-known movies and television roles, with the exception of GoT...and we'll probably never see most of them on the big screen.  For shame.Pardon my rant...I'm better now, thank you.Well, I don't know about this........but I will say there are a lot of great actors out there who never get their due.
801	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	We already knew that at least some of her appearances were real, she was one of the 3 who first game to Dany and invited her to Qarth.  She also warned Dany to " Beware all.  They shall come day and night to see the wonder that has been born again into the world, and when they see they shall lust.  For dragons are fire made flesh, and fire is power."  To which Jorah responded "She speaks truly, my queen..  though I like her no more than the others."OK.  I've seen this Quaithe-as-figment theory posted here before so I assumed that perhaps she hadn't interacted in the books with anyone but Dany.Didnt she meet belwas and company in qarth?Yes, at the docks just as they're about to leave the city (I think?  I know it's right toward the end of the book).  So yeah, that was an item from the book both Qarth-y and interesting.  Looking forward to how they handle that on the show.
802	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	I wondered that too but maybe like the Asha--> Yara name change they think crow would be too confusing for viewers when they hear the wildings using it for NW & other kneelers.I thought it was simply because the bird depicted on the show is a raven. To that point, you know good and well if they'd said "crow" on the show someone would be bitching about the bird actually being a raven, and not a real crow.   /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
803	House Balstroko	2012-04-30	A solid 9, this was my favorite episode this season. A lot less filler and more focus on covering plotlines. Arya and Tyrion were flawless as usual. The addition of the Margaery and Petyr scene was great. All actors were great.
How will they deal with the lack of Jojen and Meera? I'm hoping they'll still show up later. It would be boring having Bran journey up north with Hodor and his direwolf alone.
Anyone else notice the lack of the Walder Frey twins?
804	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-30	7/10. Thoroughly enjoyable; it didn't deliver one or two scenes I was (perhaps unrealistically) anticipating with glee, but still. A good episode.
805	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	Y'know, I watch this show, and I wonder why there are so many crappy actors in the movies when the people on this show rock!  Sure, Dinklage, Heady, Dance, and a few others have been in big movies, but most of these people are unknown and can actually ACT!  Where's the justice? Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Leonardo DiCaprio, and many other Hollywood "stars" CAN'T ACT!!  Some can do comedy OK, but as dramatic actors, feh!  And yet, the cast of this show are stuck in lesser-known movies and television roles, with the exception of GoT...and we'll probably never see most of them on the big screen.  For shame.Pardon my rant...I'm better now, thank you.Brad Pitt in the Assassination of Jesse James by Robert Ford the Coward- He can act
806	WinterWarrior	2012-04-30	I forgot to mention in my earlier post that it was great to see Roy Dotrice in the role of the pyromancer Hallyne. As someone who has enjoyed the books in both book and audiobook format I just love Roy Dotrice. And seeing him on screen was just great. I also like the fact that his credit on the screen was not shared with any other name for that second it was up there.
807	Mulled Wino	2012-04-30	OK.  I've seen this Quaithe-as-figment theory posted here before so I assumed that perhaps she hadn't interacted in the books with anyone but Dany.Yes, at the docks just as they're about to leave the city (I think?  I know it's right toward the end of the book).  So yeah, that was an item from the book both Qarth-y and interesting.  Looking forward to how they handle that on the show.me too, i hope they don't cut much of it, or any of it for that matter
808	zippypoodle	2012-04-30	Loras not even suspecting Brienne of killing Renly, when he is convinced she did it in the books and they even did his casting based on the confrontation from Feast.  Loras also killed two of his sworn Rainbow Guard brothers in rage who were guarding outside the tent, where here is talked down from hurting an unarmed Littlefinger who is starting wedding negotiations with Margeary over Renly's corpse.Brienne's first slaying of a man wasn't until Feast, where she slayed several of the guards here.Ultimately it doesn't matter what Loras believes because Brienne escapes either way. I think they are setting up the Tyrell's joining the Lannisters rather than Stannis--because Loras believes Stannis did it.  Minor change that helps the writers out a lot. I can't imagine why Loras killing king's guard members matters in the long run, or when Brienne's first kill occurs. Both irrelevant changes.  And Margery's negotiations fit well with this Margery, who is willing to do whatever she needs to do to be queen, and is frankly more interesting that book Margery. And to the point, the negotations occur, so who cares when?  None of these are important changes.Davos is made admiral of Stannis's fleet, where Imry Florent, the queen's brother who has no experience as an admiral, leads the attack on Blackwater Bay.  While Davos will no doubt be made to make the same mistakes in the show, in the book Davos is the one pointing out the mistakes Ser Imry is making in being over confident and not sending out any scouts or noticing the tower which holds the chain.  Also Ser Imry keeps Salador's ships back because he does not trust them, when Davos feels this was a waste as these were some of the most experienced war time sailors.They can't keep every lord and peasant with a minor part. This is no more an important change than subbing Bron for Bywater as Commander of the Gold Cloaks. And they already set the stage for Davos's orders being ignored by knights and lords who won't follow a smuggler (Stannis tells Davos as much).  So your "concern" may never even materialize and I don't see it as important even if it does.Asha hasn't fit her book character so far.  The Cleftjaw is the one suggesting they alter their raiding target, where in the books Theon is the one convincing him.That first part is a matter of opnion. I think she's fine. Secondly, although Cleftjaw floats the idea of doing your own thing, Theon will doubtless be the one with the plan. Plus it fits better with the somewhat more sympathetic character show-Theon is. Minor, minorchanges.The cliff side approaches of the TV fist of the first men will make escaping from it when it is attacked problematic, as there appeared to be only one way in and out.  I would include this as the definition of "irrelevent, minor change" in the picture dictionary of the GOT book to show dictionary.Qarth is almost completely original content.  Xaro is not gay, and they didn't bring up how if they were married the bride and groom could ask for one gift of one another which could not be refused, with Xaro's being one of her dragons.  One has to wonder if Dany might not have considered Xaro more seriously for marriage, if she thought he had any interest in her what so ever.  Especially when he makes it seem much more so than the books that he would support her war effort.  They also made Jorah Mormont seem like he was against bringing any foreign aid to conquer Westeros, when it was his idea to get the Unsullied.Xaro isn't gay as an imporant plot change?!?!? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> . He's still interested in Dany for a reason other than romance, so the essence is the same.  And the Unsullied part hasn't happened yet.  The key storyline from Mormont, which is entirely unchanged, is that whenever he sees someone else starting to have influence on Dany, he tries to cut it off at the head.With Arya as cupbearer to Tywin, it is pretty unlikely that he would have a percieved commoner speaking freely to his council, and even less likely that she could say something as pointed as the thinly veiled threat of "anyone can die" directed at him.Why not? Book Tywin clearly cares only about whether someone is of use, and Lannister honor. He would take advice from anyone who can provide it. And even if the line "anyone can die" may be slightly, slightly unbelieveable, it is so awesome that it overrides any objections.Likewise it seems pretty unlikely that Jaqen would offer her 3 deaths and Tywin wouldn't be the first name on her mind after having made that threat.  In the books it is more plauseable because she has no contact at all with Tywin and only sees him from a distance, and then realizes she should have named him as he is leaving.  Cheswick was her first death in the books, and the Tickler taking his place robs Arya of the moment when she does it herself in Storm of Swords, the whole "Is there gold in the village?" as she stabs him over and over.  I understand that not even having named him as the Tickler until this episode and having his torture scenes so brief and non-graphic in nature he probably would not even be remembered by next season or two seasons from now.  But it still is a bit disappointing.  Perhaps Polliver will take his place in that scene.You yourself suggested why this isn't an important change, so I'll just agree with you.Harrenhal is not nearly the hell it was for Arya, where she was constantly in danger, and stuck on manual labor duties scrubbing floors and what not.  As the surprisingly friendly Tywin's cupbearer she argueably has it better than most of the commoners in the kingdom at this point.  No Vargo Hoat and the Bloody Mummers certainly plays a role there, though I understand the casting costs for delaying their entrance to the story.   Of course if they do cast them next season and if weasel soup still happens this season, then Vargo won't be changing sides in nearly the same manner.Tell you what--you go watch a show involving lots of scrubbing of stairs, and I'll watch this one. Inconceivable that this could be considered an important change.  And as long as Arya is involved in Harrenhal changing hands, then I don't see how any change prior to that could be even slightly relevant.No Reeds, Bran has the Green Dreams instead and Osha apparently is going to be the one interpretting them.  Howland Reed was the only survivor of the Tower of Joy, and it appears that story line may be cut completely.  No mention of Ramsay Snow yet, but it is still early.  Still this would have seemed to be the perfect time to bring him up story line wise.Jojen Reed is nothing more than an annoying exposition device, so I'll be glad if he's cut. If he is, there's still no reason why Howland REed can't show up at some point. As long as someone tortures Theon eventually, does it have to be Ramsay Snow--and there's no evidence as of yet that it won't be anyway..
809	A Redeemed Hound	2012-04-30	I have a feeling that the Reeds will not be written in.  I am betting that Maester Luwin takes Rickon and Osha and Hodor take Bran North.  Just a thought but I can see it playing out like that.  They are already making Osha out to be more "knowing" than she was even in the books.
810	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Ultimately it doesn't matter what Loras believes because Brienne escapes either way. I think they are setting up the Tyrell's joining the Lannisters rather than Stannis--because Loras believes Stannis did it.  Minor change that helps the writers out a lot. I can't imagine why Loras killing king's guard members matters in the long run, or when Brienne's first kill occurs. Both irrelevant changes.  And Margery's negotiations fit well with this Margery, who is willing to do whatever she needs to do to be queen, and is frankly more interesting that book Margery. And to the point, the negotations occur, so who cares when?  None of these are important changes.In your opinion.  Leaving out the killing of the Rainbow Guard members was not of major importance to me, especially considering the lack of screen time to set up that scene.  However removing Loras killing any guards takes away the rage that Ser Loras was under at the time and the actions that haunt him in the future.  Not even suspecting Brienne or Catelyn right after it happens is just completely unbelieveable, even if there was no books to compare it to.  The last two people with the king when he died both fled the scene and they aren't even suspects?  If Ser Loras so easily dismisses the idea, then why exactly did Brienne need to flee?  The bannermen who swapped sides to Stannis aren't likely to care much.Margery's actions do fit well with her TV character and at the core I don't mind them, but I do think it a bit of a stretch for them to be starting those negotiations with Loras in the room grieving Renly.  But this is the type of change that I can overlook.They can't keep every lord and peasant with a minor part. This is no more an important change than subbing Bron for Bywater as Commander of the Gold Cloaks. And they already set the stage for Davos's orders being ignored by knights and lords who won't follow a smuggler (Stannis tells Davos as much).  So your "concern" may never even materialize and I don't see it as important even if it does.Perhaps, but apparently they did cast Gordon Mann as Ser Imry Florent, and he is set to appear in the Blackwater Bay episode.  I do think it is significant if Davos orders lead to the disaster at Blackwater, when he is the one that points out the errors which would have mitigated their losses in the books.  It's the difference between him being an incompetant Admiral, and seeing that Lords are often given tasks they aren't suited for due to their birth, over lower born people who might be more capable, and the disasterous results that can come of that.That first part is a matter of opnion. I think she's fine. Secondly, although Cleftjaw floats the idea of doing your own thing, Theon will doubtless be the one with the plan. Plus it fits better with the somewhat more sympathetic character show-Theon is. Minor, minorchanges.Everything we are discussing is a matter of opinion.  Theon being ambitious and convincing Cleftjaw to go siege Torrhen's Square with the specific purpose of hitting Winterfell is a different mindset than Cleftjaw convincing Theon they should attack there, and then coming up with the idea for Winterfell after the fact.  Sure it isn't a game changer, but it is the type of change that they quite easily could have kept true with no additional screen time.  Theon suggesting the idea might have even believeably won him some respect among his crew.I would include this as the definition of "irrelevent, minor change" in the picture dictionary of the GOT book to show dictionary.Only time will tell, but it will be interesting to see how Sam escapes the wights and white walkers if the only way in or out is thru their attack path.Xaro isn't gay as an imporant plot change?!?!? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> . He's still interested in Dany for a reason other than romance, so the essence is the same.  And the Unsullied part hasn't happened yet.  The key storyline from Mormont, which is entirely unchanged, is that whenever he sees someone else starting to have influence on Dany, he tries to cut it off at the head.Part of the reason Dany dismisses the notion even though she still considers marrying Xaro, is because she knows he has absolutely ZERO desire for her.  How do we know in the context of the TV show that he is only interested in Dany for reasons other than romance?  One of the key reasons we know in the books is because Xaro isn't interested in women.  Book Xaro is completely against helping Dany with any war efforts because it is bad for trade, where TV Xaro seems pretty open to the idea.  Mormont saying that she should rely completely on aid from Westeros is in complete contradiction to the idea of getting an army of Unsullied.  In fact the attitude that no foreign aid should be used is much more in line with Ser Barriston.  Jorah could have just as easily cut off the relationship by bringing up the wedding custom that would cost her one of her dragons.  Will this ruin the TV show?  No, but it is a significant change from the book, which will either result in more changes when the Unsullied come up, or a contradiction in attitude by Ser Jorah.Why not? Book Tywin clearly cares only about whether someone is of use, and Lannister honor. He would take advice from anyone who can provide it. And even if the line "anyone can die" may be slightly, slightly unbelieveable, it is so awesome that it overrides any objections.Great for you if you find it believeable that the lord of Casterly Rock would let a peasant make a veiled threat towards him in front of his war coucil and stare him down, but I found it completely unrealistic, even though it was incredibly acted.  If a peasant threatening you at your war council meeting isnt a threat to his honor, I don't know what qualifies.Tell you what--you go watch a show involving lots of scrubbing of stairs, and I'll watch this one. Inconceivable that this could be considered an important change.  And as long as Arya is involved in Harrenhal changing hands, then I don't see how any change prior to that could be even slightly relevant.You say it as if there would be hours of time spent watching her scrub stairs.  We are talking about seeing her do manual labor for a few seconds instead of sitting around talking to Gendry as if they are guests of Tywin.  The point of Arya being stuck doing hard manual labor and being slapped when she asks to do the stables rather than the kitchen, is to see the difference between how high borns are treated and commoners, much of which has been glossed over or completely contradicted here by Tywin's actions.  Is there a safer place that book Arya visits in all of her travels after Ned's death than TV Harrenhal?  Before getting the 3 deaths from Jaqen she felt like a mouse who was powerless and beaten down in the books.  On the TV show she is threatening Tywin in front of his war council.Jojen Reed is nothing more than an annoying exposition device, so I'll be glad if he's cut. If he is, there's still no reason why Howland REed can't show up at some point. As long as someone tortures Theon eventually, does it have to be Ramsay Snow--and there's no evidence as of yet that it won't be anyway.No none of that HAS to happen for the story to go on.  In fact they didn't have to cast Renly in the first place, since he died already, if you want to take it to the extreme that the end result is all that matters.  I do think it starts to become a much different story when you start making these changes though.  Great that they don't bother you, but that doesn't mean they aren't there.  Now none of these changes ruined this episode for me.  I gave it an 8, so how bad could they be?  But I do think that if the goal was to follow the books as closely as possible they made quite a few changes that could have been kept in their original form without any additonal screen time, casting, or special effects.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 30 April 2012 - 01:35 PM.
811	Vandalism	2012-04-30	Great episode. Loved the Arya-Tywin scene especially, and I thought the Renly death scene was good if not as good in the books.
Just bring in Ser Brynden Tully and I'll be happy.
812	7V3N	2012-04-30	This was my favorite episode so far. Jaqen was done so well, as was Arya's whole story. The original suspicions that Littlefinger was at Storm's End to broker the alliance with the Lannisters seems to be true. Loras was brash, hotheaded, and kinda foolish like I imagined. Brienne is still sooooo accurate to what I imagined. The actor for Bran continues to impress, and you see Bran growing into his role as a lord. Alfie as Theon has been perfect. Last season it was always like "oh come on writers," but they've done him perfectly this season.
The shadow baby was not as well as I imagined in the book, but I expected that. It was still a decent scene that I am sure was sick for non-readers. Though where did Davos and Mel go to if Renly was in his tent, not Storm's End?
I still hate this guy as Stannis. He is just a different character completely to me. I cannot emphasize how much we would have benefited from a longer, more accurate Dragonstone intro.
EDIT: My thoughts on the Reeds: They could very well be the ones to unbury Bran and co. from the crypts after Ramsay destroys Winterfell. Jojen could just say he was led there by the 3EC.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 30 April 2012 - 02:52 PM.
813	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-30	Gave it a 9.
This episode was exactly why I  scream every week at my screen: You can't shove a whole book in 10 episodes !!!!!!!
I just settled and prepared for more when the episode ended.
I have also started to notice that the show is straying more and more from the books , but I don't mind too much if they don't change the character motivations and personalities (as LF , for instance and I guess Asha)
Brienne, Margarey, Stanis, Davos. Jaquen, Osha, Tywin...etc..etc everyone was great. This show got 95% of cast great, so far.
I know that some people have problem with Stanis casting but to me he is just what he should be: charmless, joyless, strict...(only problem is that producers also did that with Asha/Yara character)
814	DrogonEatsYou	2012-04-30	Brienne effing ppl up deserves a 10... but some other lame things in my mind brought this to an 8.  Good posturing show as some of you have called it.  Dagmer didn't seem very dagmerish to me...
815	7V3N	2012-04-30	Brad Pitt in the Assassination of Jesse James by Robert Ford the Coward- He can actHaven't seen that, but I agree Brad Pitt can act. Fight Club, Moneyball, Se7en, the list goes on. Brad Pitt may not always be playing great roles, but he plays every role well.
816	duncanthemedium	2012-04-30	Loved this episode. A solid 9. I WAS kind of thinking how short and un-Vikingy the iron-men appear to be. Anyway...the rest of the episode was great. I especially loved the different motivations, and connivances they've come up with in Qarth and Harrenhal to economise screen time and pace and still keep the story plausible. Xaro appears more 'life-like' and comprehesible than in the books, where the Qartheen customs make him appear more...remote and exotic, so to speak.
Great work all round. This is the first time Dillane becomes Stannis for me. Cunningham was awesome. Gwen Christie, superb, even by book-loyalist nitpicker standards I should think.
The Tyrio sequence...woweee...Can't wait til Blackwater!!!
817	duncanthemedium	2012-04-30	Oh also...Maisie Williams will be the next Judi Dench or Helen Mirren or something, the way she controls her expressions....
818	Davos55	2012-04-30	Great episode, I gave it a 9.
At this point, I have just learned to accept the changes the show makes from the novels, and accept it as a standalone entity. (to some extent..) If I watch an episode and try to nitpick all of the changes, it only makes me sad and lessens my view of the show.  So with a new mindset going in, I found I enjoyed this episode a lot!!!
I thought the highlights were definitely the Arya scenes, Davos, and Tyrion and Bronn interacting with the Pyromancer..who was a pretty sweet guy
The parts that brought it down a bit for me were the Qarth scenes and Loras' reaction to Renly's death
Overall, great episode, and it should get even better from this point!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 30 April 2012 - 03:46 PM.
819	mermer	2012-04-30	I rate it as a 5 meh.
I didnÂ´t like RenlyÂ´s death because of what could have been. What happened with Loras grievance? and it was like done and to another place. I just hope they do justice to Winterfell and TheonÂ´s history
And I didnÂ´t like Tywin and AryaÂ´s interaction. DonÂ´t get me wrong I donÂ´t have problems with the books being changed but I think this is not Arya. She is frightened in Harrenhal at first and subtely she is being changed from a sheep to a ghost to a mortal no-one killer. And you can understand her evolution from a helpless girl to a girl with a hole in her heart. But as she wasnÂ´t frightened to Tywin and to stare him like that. She is not that Arya in Harrenhal, she has still plenty to lose. She is still frightened
820	7V3N	2012-04-30	Anyone know why the wildfire is Cersei's idea? I thought for sure it was Tyrion's in the books.
And what the hell was Xaro talking about with that door and a key?
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 30 April 2012 - 03:53 PM.
821	Songlian	2012-04-30	8/10.  Kinda underwhelmed by Dany's scenes, but there rest of the episode was good.
Arya & Co. = perfect, just perfect.
822	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Anyone know why the wildfire is Cersei's idea? I thought for sure it was Tyrion's in the books.And what the hell was Xaro talking about with that door and a key?The wildfire was Cersei's idea, at least the initial order of ten thousand jars, but the details on how they were used was all Tyrion, such as stuffing the ferries, barges and hulks with the stuff and floating them down the river. I think Xaro was just trying to tempt Dany with his wealth, but never said what was behind the door, just implying that if it was that secure it must be valuable indeed.
823	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-30	gave it a ten, loved everything except Qaith interaction with Jorah.
was happy to see Viserion and Ghost. Arya with Tywin, Q Half Hand that was a nice surprise for me as i did not know he was cast , and finally, a man is handsome with lovely eyes and nice lips. a girl was happy.
No Roz, no brothel a girl was happy.
824	cooper56	2012-04-30	Why did everyone hate Qarth.. i dont get it. Is it because of this jorah and dany thing. Is there not a small romance or thing with them in the books?
					
					
							Edited by cooper56, 30 April 2012 - 04:40 PM.
825	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-30	This my first 10.  I've nothing to say, other than I want to watch again.  NOW!  As I can't be arsed moaning about things changed from the books anymore, I just watch it as a TV programme.  Nor will I ever cease to champion Stephen Dillane, who is the Stannis I saw from the moment I picked the books up.  I can't pick a hole in anyone tonight.  Thankfully, Gillen wasn't on the screen long enough for me to cringe, either, and I loved Qarth, after I'd been disappointed with that godawful scene at the Gates last week. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
And I hope everyone appreciated all the hard work I've been putting in on my little Drogon.  He can now cook his own meat.  It's taken me a long time to teach him that.  Hopefully we'll see him come on in leaps and bounds with good fuel inside him that he can turn to fire.
Don't quite get the Gemma Whelan hate, either, folks - she's OK by me.  Star of tonight - A man who can take a woman anywhere and do whatever he likes to her.....  And of course, my little baby who is learning his skills.
826	gordonah	2012-04-30	An 8 from me. I was going to go for a 7, as there were a lot of good scenes but I didn't think any of them were brilliant. Then I started thinking what the negative were, and realised that I didn't really have any this week.
Particularly liked the Haremhal and Kings Landing scenes
827	waaimasjien	2012-04-30	I loved this episode. If you don't need to see a carbon copy of the book and just look at how the series works, you'd note this episode was extremely well scripted, acted and edited.Why did everyone hate Qarth.. i dont get it. Is it because of this jorah and dany thing. Is there not a small romance or thing with them in the books?Jorah kissed her full on the mouth in the book.Thankfully, Gillen wasn't on the screen long enough for me to cringe,Yes, what the hell is up with him? I liked him in season 1 but his acting has gone downhill like crazy. He sounds like an irritating monotonous buzz.
					
					
							Edited by waaimasjien, 30 April 2012 - 04:56 PM.
828	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-30	Why did everyone hate Qarth.. i dont get it. Is it because of this jorah and dany thing. Is there not a small romance or thing with them in the books?Jorah certainly loved Dany, but it was never requited.  But I don't get the Qarth complaints either, Cooper.  I felt last week's Qarth scene was a bummer, but I was fascinated tonight.
829	7V3N	2012-04-30	I have figured it out! I think we can find a negative correlation between Ros' screen time and episode ratings (based on these votes)!
830	Ser Hippie	2012-04-30	I really liked Qarth this week - it's obviously "not-Westeros" and brought it to life in a very watchable way. Unlike last week's scene, which came across pretty poorly to me, this was a Qarth that felt real within the world of GOT.
831	cooper56	2012-04-30	I loved this episode. If you don't need to see a carbon copy of the book and just look at how the series works, you'd note this episode was extremely well scripted, acted and edited.Jorah kissed her full on the mouth in the book.Yes, what the hell is up with him? I liked him in season 1 but his acting has gone downhill like crazy. He sounds like an irritating monotonous buzz.Was that not in the third book? He confesses his love.
					
					
							Edited by cooper56, 30 April 2012 - 05:12 PM.
832	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	Agreed. They can give Bran the greendreams, but what about when they set out north? Or in season 4/5, which I'm convinced they'll smash together, when Bran meets Bloodraven? Not to mention, he (Bran) loves Meera! Couldn't we have not had...idk...ROS instead of not having the Reeds?I think that we can live without another love story, especially being that it was all in Bran's thoughts.  The scenes with Ros tie in a more important story dymanic than Bran being in love with Meera. It would be a waste of precious story time to have a 9 year old pining over a sixteen year old girl.
833	Howdyphillip	2012-04-30	After rating the show three 10's in a row, I dropped off to an 8 this week. In hindsight, last weeks episode should have ended the moment of Renly's death, and as has been pointed out, that particular scene left a lot to be desired.  Opening wan ep with the death just didn't convey the significance of the act to me. The other point deducted for me was for Quarth scenes, particularly the change in fashion. 
The acting continues to be amazing, but special props goes out tonight for all of the actors under 5 feet tall. Maisie should start clearing room on her shelves for all of the awards, Peter Dinkledge was his usual, brilliant self,   Isaac Hempstead-Wright is shining with every appearance, and even Art Parkinson did an outstanding job last night with no speaking lines. Without a word he perfectly nailed Rikon.
834	Rob the God	2012-04-30	Tywin - Arya Scene
-> That's Game of Thrones
835	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-04-30	Meh. I'm not as concerned about the minor changes (axing the Reeds is fine, and whatever re: Jaqen H'Gar's dialect shift), but for episode 5, the pacing seems off. And why wouldn't she have just chosen Tywin? By advancing the timeline and cutting out Arry's side trek, they're making a hash of major plot points.This barely earned a 7, but its production values were still top-notch. I have no clue what you people base your 9s on. I'll be reading the thread to find out, but call me a skeptic of this season doing well.Edit: yeah, I got nuthin'. It was alright, but I haven't seen proper justification for a 9. Pass to the left, would you /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
					
					
							Edited by Ghost of Crackclaw, 30 April 2012 - 07:40 PM.
836	Brucolac	2012-04-30	It probably had more variations from the book then any episode so far, but I thought it was the best one of this season.  Renly's death was pretty weak, I think it would have been better if they had placed it the same episode with the shadow being released; it is something we only see once and the two events are disjointed the way they did them.  I don't really care for Brienne in the show and she didn't help.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 30 April 2012 - 07:32 PM.
837	genegirl	2012-04-30	I don't hate Qarth, it is interesting.  I will be interested in seeing how the House of the Undying is done, since it was mentioned.  I gave this
episode an 8.  My husband is lost with all the new characters but he has me.
838	WetHair	2012-04-30	I apologize if this sounds like the incredibly stupid question it may very well be, but since I honestly do wonder Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll ask it anyway.  Since itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s HBO who may not have to adhere to the rigid end times of regular commercial stationsâ<U+0080>¦â<U+0080>¦â<U+0080>¦â<U+0080>¦.if they added an additional 5 minutes to every episode would the expense be the same not doable amount as if they filmed an 11th episode?  With even 5 more minutes per episode I think the story could be greatly enhanced.
839	slowpoke	2012-04-30	Meh, I didn't love it but I didn't hate it. I was a little disappointed with Renly's death. I was expecting more killing and anguish over him from Loras. I didn't expect the two Reeds to make it into the series but I was hoping that they might consolidate the
both of them into one at the least. I'd give it an overall 8 because it still was incredibly good even with all my little nitpicks!
840	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-30	I'd give it a 8.5, but I'll bump it up to 9 because of the strong performances. Probably my favorite episode thus far in the season, and a big improvement over the total mess that was last episode.
Really enjoyed the Stannis Davos interaction after Renly's death, and I'm glad the showrunners explained that Renly's bannermen joined Stannis, which is something they didn't really elaborate on very well last episode (that Stannis needed Renly's bannermen). Would have liked a scene with some of hte bannermne, or at least names of them, but good enough. 
Speaking of Renly, his death was a disappointment. Looked kinda corny on screen, wasn't really scary, and I wish they had Brienne fight off the two attackers instead of kill them.
Littlefinger scene with Loras and Margaery was alright, though I really hope it's the last we see of him for a while. They've really been overusing Littlefinger; aside from Tyrion, he probably has had the most screentime and has been in every episode this season. Varys is the one that should be featured more, and sadly he hasn't appeared once in the last two episodes. I really hope this is the last we see of Littlefinger until near the end of hte season, and I imagine it will be.
Loved the Arya Tywin scene. Great acting by both Williams and Dance, and lots of tension. The guy playing Jaqen is perfect too, and while this is nitpicking, I wish they also would have showed Rorge adn Biter arriving, just to make it more clear what was going on. Tickler going early is regrettable, but he was never going to be kept until season four.
I actually liked the Dany Qarth scenes, even if they spent maybe too much time there. Glad they're not getting rid of all the mystery and magical elements, and I wasn't a big fan of Dany scenes in ACOK that much anyway, so the changes didn't bother me at all. Much better than that awful 80s style fantasy schock scene from last epsiode of Dany arriving at the gates.
I was "meh" on the Theon scenes. Don't really care for Yara--she just seems really boring compared to Asha. Still, it set up Theon taking Winterfell well enough, which I imagine happens next episode.
841	Silverjaime	2012-04-30	I gave it a 6.  On the plus side - thank god we got actual storyline instead of more senseless goings-on in a brothel. And I love Brienne - the scenes between her and Catlyn were very powerful - Michelle Fairley is so intense!  Maisie again shines even when playing against Charles Dance - who IS Tywin! - their scenes I loved. And the Stannis and Davos scene was really good - love Liam Cunningham.
Tyrion however, is continuing to be the comic relief - where is the tormented book-Tyrion?  Couldn't we see him occasionally? And I'm afraid Renly's death did not turn out to be the shocking event it should have been - apart from Brienne's reaction.  The Tyrrells didn't seem to care much, and Loras' grief and rage were very underplayed. Dany's story continues to not grip me, but then it didn't in the book either; though I love how emotive Iain Glen is - fantastic actor.
As for Littlefinger - OK of course they had to have Aidan Gillen popping up all over the place - LF is hardly in ACOK at all, and they had to write him in -  but it seems out of place to have him at Renly's camp. And though I love the actor to bits and have admired his work for years, I'm still not convinced by his portrayal of LF, though that is down to script and direction to a large extent.....
Overall it was the best episode yet I thought, and we got some solid coverage of the many storylines, and there were many really great scenes.  Just a few niggles which kept it from a higher score IMO.
842	gogorath	2012-04-30	Gave it an 8.
There were some uneven moments and some parts I wasn't swept away by, but the I love when the writers manage present common themes across the storylines within an episode without forcing it.  
This episode had a really interesting thread on whether or not a leader needs to be loved, whether it is an advantage, or a hindrance -- all part of the discussion of what makes a good ruler, and how that intersects with being able to become a ruler.
This, plus some great scenes -- Jorah and Dany and Arya and Twyin, in particular, as well as Brienne just destroying those two knights.
843	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-30	I gave it a 9. I thought this was one of the best episodes of the season. I noticed it was longer than last week's episode by a few minutes and it really help.I don't think there was a weak scene in the season but when I re-watch it, I might change my mind. I seem to be changing my mind, for the better, when I re-watch episodes this season. I really love the Qarth scenes; it definetly makes it clear there is some organized civilzation across the Narrow Sea that may be just as powerful as King's Landing. Arya's scenes were wonderful as always and Asha (I refuse to call her Yara) is starting to grow on me. She isn't really a major player in book 2 but I think so far, the characterization has been getting better.
My only concern is from seeing the previews for next week, I fear they are going to introduce 
	Spoiler  Ygritte 
 too soon. This shouldn't be done until at least episode 7 or even 8.
I'm reserving a 10 for the Blackwater episode. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
844	tfoxx22	2012-04-30	I give it an 8. The Renly death wasn't as great as i had hoped but it did have some good parts. I really liked Arya's scenes, especially the one with Tywin.
845	akajea	2012-04-30	1/10. Ducksauce called Dany the first of her name. What about Daenerys, daughter of Aegon IV? Or does your name only get recorded if you are monarch? If that's the case, I apologize. 10/10. Maisie needs an Emmy.
					
					
							Edited by akajea, 30 April 2012 - 11:23 PM.
846	guad	2012-05-01	1/10. Ducksauce called Dany the first of her name. What about Daenerys, daughter of Aegon IV? Or does your name only get recorded if you are monarch? If that's the case, I apologize. 10/10. Maisie needs an Emmy.It only gets recorded when you are a monarch. And tbh, it makes the show much more enjoyable when one doesn't nitpick on small details that may or may not differ from the books, just my two cents /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Loved the episode! Not only due to lack of brothels brothels brothels. Highlights were:Bran the LordTywin vs AryaSam Tarly!Catelyn and BrienneDavos!Mocking TheonAwww Drogon. Let's hope the other two learned how to cook too.And more stuff. Anyway, enjoyed it!
847	Chelly	2012-05-01	I loved it! Jaqen and Brienne are absolutely perfect. I was super impressed with Brienne in her fight scene.
Also, shirtless Gendry.
848	Ser Graymax	2012-05-01	8Good, solid episode if not too exciting.From WinterWarriorI forgot to mention in my earlier post that it was great to see Roy Dotrice in the role of the pyromancer Hallyne. As someone who has enjoyed the books in both book and audiobook format I just love Roy Dotrice. And seeing him on screen was just great. I also like the fact that his credit on the screen was not shared with any other name for that second it was up there.Not familiar with the actor offhand but he was perfect.  I loved the way he used his hands. I had to watch him twice. [edit}  Looked him up.  Of course!!!  Dont know how I didnt recognize him.  Now I have to watch it again.Brienne really brought it in the fight scene.  She seemed to finish the second Knight off the same way Yorin was slain.  Wonder if thats a coincidence or a common move in that type of fight.  Maybe a favorite of the Fencing Master for the series.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 01 May 2012 - 08:49 AM.
849	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-01	I gave it a 6. After last weeks episode this was by far a lot worse in terms of quality. Last week was on a whole nother level of awesomeness. The sheer tension and adrenaline that was going thru me as the episode progressed was ridiculous and the ending was pure perfection. Even as someone who KNEW what was going to happen I was on the edge of my seat.
Renly's death could have been handled a lot better.  And the scenes immediately afterward was pisspoor in my opinion. And I didn't like Loras NOT blaming Brienne for his death like he does in the books.
The creators/writers make a lot of weird decisions that are different from the books and while I love seeing the story come to life onscreen I feel like its not quite as good as it could be. Season 2 so far isn't as epic as 1 IMO.
The scene between Lord Tywin and Lady Arya was what saved the episode.
850	ServantOnIce	2012-05-01	I give it a 9/10. I love Qaarth it is just like I imagined it. Also, the Dothraki in the TV show are savages and that is what happens when you bring savages into refined wealth and culture. 
The Dothraki are having a hard time with the life while Doreah from Lys isn't. It is good for her to be back in civilization not riding in horse waste and stinky plains. She is a pleasure house slave, meant to be a high end escort wearing expensive perfumes and clothes in a Free City or a kept mistress of a wealthy person not some horse lord lackey.
But the Dothraki feel like Dany is  selling out, that they are losing what is apart of themselves being there, they take, they fight that is what they do. They are the land reavers while the Iron Born are the sea reavers.
I like the actress playing Yara/Asha. The reality is a woman wouldn't look good on a stinky ship with a bunch of raping men, she would be husky, dirty, funky and have a bad attitude.  That is what it takes to lead rapers and hoodlums without being a prey to them yourself.
The book was too much fantasy. The show is more realistic. The woman can act as well. Heck I would follow her into battle. She looks like the average kick butt woman who serves in our military.
851	ServantOnIce	2012-05-01	What a clever sequence at Harrenhal, does Arya have Lord Tywin fooled or what?She doesn't. What did Roose say in "DWD" to Reek/Theon? He said, "You sound highborn."   Look at how Tywin kept looking at Arya, he knows that she is a high born girl of the North and that she was hiding with the Knight's Watch to go North until she could make her escape. She is probably a part of Lord Eddard's house one of his servant girls or one of the daughters of his noblemen.He's not easily fooled, not fooled at all. Her speech is too clean her knowledge too proper. That could be the catalyst for her to make an escape that and the coming Winterfell action.
852	lyvyathan	2012-05-01	I thought it was pretty good. For one thing I enjoy watching the actor who plays Tywin and Bronn a lot.
I was a little disappointed by Renly's death and I thought the actress who plays Brienne didn't do a good job out of it.
Best of all - we were spared another Ros and that other prostitute scene.
I'm not sure why the HBO writers had Cersei being the one who devised the dragonfire idea though. But i did like Bronn's reaction to it.
853	Nukelavee	2012-05-01	Cutting the Reeds out is definitely a mistake, I think.
	Spoiler  When they escape Theon... what, Osha takes Rickon, and it's just Bran and Hodor?

And, much as I like Osha, book and series, seriously, what's with the whole "fey" bullshit, and that super annoying head tilt she's stuck in?  My neck hurts just watching her scenes.
Plus, Renly accepting Brienne didn't kill Renly?  Wtf?
854	Michaelj	2012-05-01	I thought it was pretty good. For one thing I enjoy watching the actor who plays Tywin and Bronn a lot.I was a little disappointed by Renly's death and I thought the actress who plays Brienne didn't do a good job out of it.Best of all - we were spared another Ros and that other prostitute scene.I'm not sure why the HBO writers had Cersei being the one who devised the dragonfire idea though. But i did like Bronn's reaction to it. Cersei did plot the wildfire idea originally I thought, or maybe I misread?
855	GSP	2012-05-01	Solid 8, would have thrown an 8.5 if it was possible.
Wow, an entire episode without gratuitious sex scenes! Perfect.
I realize the show needs to make a lot of changes from the books, and they often make sense, but to me there were a series of little changes from the book that I just don't understand why they are making them:
Jon begging to go with the halfhand when in the book the halfhand chooses to bring him
The wildfire being Joffrey and the Queen's idea
What's his face in Qarth having previously married for love but loosing her instead of clearly being gay
Just don't know what about translating the epic onscreen is helped by these changes, which kind of screw with the characters imho.
856	lyvyathan	2012-05-01	Starts out as an easy, easy 10 for:Every. Single. Arya. Scene. Maisie Williams could not be more "Arya Stark" if she tried. The exchange with Tywin (who is also simply magnificent in the show) is probably my favorite scene of the entire season thus far. And her telling Gendry to stand "sideface" was stinkin' perfect. So, Arya gets this week's Badass of the Week award.We are truly blessed that we have Maisie Williams as Arya Stark - she is absolutely brilliant in her role. I hope that she wins an Emmy for that. Contrast her to the kid who plays Anakin Skywalker in Phantom Menace. I still find it astounding that with all the money in the Lucas treasure chest, they couldn't find a better child actor for that role.But anyway I'm just so happy that we have so many extremely talented actors in this series. As mentioned - Maisie Wiliams - then the actors who play Tyrion!!!, Tywin, Cersei, Jamie (actually I thought that Josh Holloway would have been better /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />, Littlefinger, Asha!!! Baleon, Theon, Robb Stark, Bran Stark, Cat, Ned!!!, Arya's extremely handsome assasin friend, Dany, Dany's knight from Bear Island, Dany's husband... sorry I don't want to say their actual names because its 3am and I'll probably write them wrong.Yeah wow, thank you so much HBO for getting this stellar cast of absolutely amazing actors and spend the money to get the props and everything else so beautiful.I'm a glass is half full kind of guy - so I'm not going to complain too much about their curious choices of giving more screen to Ros and the wilding woman who has that head tilting problem.But wow, it is just pure joy to see Maisie Wiliams, Charles Dance, Peter Dinklage, Iain Glenn, James Cosmos, Jack Gleeson in action and saying their lines!!!
					
					
							Edited by lyvyathan, 01 May 2012 - 12:11 PM.
857	redriver	2012-05-01	Cranked it up to a 9 for this episode.But one quibble,I thought it was customary for the ladies in Qarth to leave one breast exposed?I hate it when they deviate from the authenticity of the books. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
858	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-05-01	I thought it was a brilliant episode all things considered. The fist of the first men was a bit more sparse then I had it pictured but that would be my only gripe about Jon's story. I'm glad we got to see Dany's dragons, well at least one. My only problem with them is that we should be seeing them all the time and they shouldn't be in cages.They seem more like her pets than her children. I also think it was odd that Quaithe confronted Jorah and not Dany. I love the Theon scenes I only wish Dagmer was more cleft jawed, that and I want Yara to go away and find Asha. I think Arya and Tyrion continue to shine as the best interpretation from the books. I'm looking forward to the next episode should be a real riot! Solid 9 rating.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Cid, 01 May 2012 - 12:06 PM.
859	greywindsrage	2012-05-01	I don't know what people expected from Renly's death scene. In terms of the effect it had on Brienne the filmakers got it right. She really looked like she was in Anguish.
860	Wake the dragon	2012-05-01	I really liked tywin in this episode, making him seem like a pretty reasonable character that we can sympathise with
861	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-01	Well, I,ve always seen Tywin that way. He is just pragmatic and men of his time. He never does evil things just for the kicks, he is not psychopath (like Mounatin) . There is always a reason for his actions.
862	smo	2012-05-01	I gave it a ten.  I thought it was great.  Arya is just perfect and the actress is amazing.  I love any scene with Tyrion in it, it doesn't seem to matter what he is doing.  And his exchange with Lancel had me laughing.  Renly's death was just as I imagined, and I had goosebumps knowing that I knew what was going to happen.  Brienne is very awkward, but that is the way that I "read her" in the books, so the actress is fine with me.  I am so excited to see more!! Oh and Gendry, gotta mention Gendry.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
863	Paul Stewart	2012-05-01	9 of 10.  More Brienne, more Arya would have pushed a ten, but I'd prefer to leave some room for a future Nadia Comaneci episode anyway, if one happens to be coming.
Halfway through the second season, and people are still using 'it wasn't like the book!?!?!' as a reason to knock down a rating?  Seriously.
864	zippypoodle	2012-05-01	Meh. I'm not as concerned about the minor changes (axing the Reeds is fine, and whatever re: Jaqen H'Gar's dialect shift), but for episode 5, the pacing seems off. And why wouldn't she have just chosen Tywin? By advancing the timeline and cutting out Arry's side trek, they're making a hash of major plot points.This barely earned a 7, but its production values were still top-notch. I have no clue what you people base your 9s on. I'll be reading the thread to find out, but call me a skeptic of this season doing well.Nope. Tywin was there in the book and she neglected to say Tywin, so that criticism is off the table.And apparently the show keeps hitting records for viewers every week, so that concern is off the table.
865	lyvyathan	2012-05-01	9 of 10.  More Brienne, more Arya would have pushed a ten, but I'd prefer to leave some room for a future Nadia Comaneci episode anyway, if one happens to be coming.Halfway through the second season, and people are still using 'it wasn't like the book!?!?!' as a reason to knock down a rating?  Seriously.The problem will always be compromise - we all know that the book and the TV are two different mediums - one visual, one text based. There's always going to be differences - but the reasonable complaint that people can have is the way the TV series differs from the book's plot/storyline - or more precisely, how much difference.I sympathize with critics who poke at additional plots and dialogues/scenes that do not contribute to the storyline - ie the additional Ros' brothel scenes. And the addition of character like Osha who seems to be intended to replace the Reeds.Now sometimes additional scenes/characters/dialogue does further the storyline (imho). Case in point is that powerful dialogue that Cersei and Robert (Mark Addy) have about the threat of Dany (the Targaryen girl) in Season 1. Its not in the book, but Robert's explanation of Dany's threat and the reflective conversation they had about their marriage was simply incredible writing - it gave greater depth to the two characters than the book (imho). It showed that Robert was a much cleverer military strategist than the book alluded too - and that gave a greater sense of realism to his rise to power. I also thought their conversation about the failure and pathetic relationship of their marriage and the humorous line that it was holding up the 7 Kingdoms was simply brilliant and even Shakespearean.Then we come to Season 2 - LF is dumbdowned to a smirky insufferable wisecrack, and we get more Ros and Osha in scenes delivering lines where an actual character in the book would have done better imho. To top it all off - I find Ros/Osha's acting deplorable - that's just me. First time in history that I'm not happy to see a scene with a pretty naked prostitute.
866	zippypoodle	2012-05-01	and Loras' grief and rage were very underplayed. Dany's story continues to not grip me, but then it didn't in the book either; though I love how emotive Iain Glen is - fantastic actor.As for Littlefinger - OK of course they had to have Aidan Gillen popping up all over the place - LF is hardly in ACOK at all, and they had to write him in -  but it seems out of place to have him at Renly's camp. And though I love the actor to bits and have admired his work for years, I'm still not convinced by his portrayal of LF, though that is down to script and direction to a large extent.....Out of place? You mean in the place where he is in the novel, arranging the Tyrell-Lannister alliance after Renly's death?
867	zippypoodle	2012-05-01	No Roz, no brothel a girl was happy.I lowered my rating one point for no Roz.
868	packersfan	2012-05-01	Yup, someone said it.  This episode was great because the writers focused on moving the plot forward, even if they deviated or altered things (though nothing was GLARING in the episode).  See HBO writers???  Forget about spicing up the show with T'n'A and just get on with the story.  That is what we are here to see!  Things are started to gear up.  Soon the Night's Watch will be fighting for its life against White Walkers.  Wildfire is brewing.  I give it a 9/10.
869	Patchface Is AA Reborn	2012-05-02	8 Fantastic episode. The most Faithful adaption Ive ever seen of something i cared for. The Ratings dont lie. This Show is a Monster Hit. D and D are doing a great job bringing this to the Masses. Everybody Relax, Take a deep breath and be Thankful that the story we love has been translated into what is without question one of the best shows on TV.
870	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-05-02	I gave it 8. A good episode, but not an extraordinary one. Brienne's distress after Renlie's murder was very authentic. I like Pyat Pree's adaptation, but I imagined Quaithe's mask completely different. Tyrion/Bronn conversations are hilarious, but they're becoming a standalone comic relief sequences - you can just take them out of each episode and create a mini-series for them alone. The only part that disappointed me was Dagmer - what, no Cleftjaw?
871	Greywolf2375	2012-05-02	Nope. Tywin was there in the book and she neglected to say Tywin, so that criticism is off the table.No - it's not off the table.  Her not selecting him as first is fine - she wanted revenge but her not selecting him at all, now that she has access to him and can see & hear what he is planning?  No, this will be a gap if she doesn't select him as one of the three now.
872	ServantOnIce	2012-05-02	Yup, someone said it.  This episode was great because the writers focused on moving the plot forward, even if they deviated or altered things (though nothing was GLARING in the episode).  See HBO writers???  Forget about spicing up the show with T'n'A and just get on with the story.  That is what we are here to see!  Things are started to gear up.  Soon the Night's Watch will be fighting for its life against White Walkers.  Wildfire is brewing.  I give it a 9/10.Amen
873	Tadco26	2012-05-02	Nope. Tywin was there in the book and she neglected to say Tywin, so that criticism is off the table.Tywin was there but she has ZERO interaction with him and realizes while he is leaving that she made a mistake and should have named him.  She considers finding Jaqen and telling him she has changed her mind, but just then Weese dies.  In the show Arya serves Tywin every day and has made the whole "anyone can die" threat already.  Arya not thinking to name him under those circumstances will take a much larger suspension of disbelief.  Hopefully they have Tywin leave next episode, without giving Arya any warning, making it acceptably believeable.  If she names someone else while Tywin is still there, it will be difficult to accept.
874	The Monkey	2012-05-02	Tywin was there but she has ZERO interaction with him and realizes while he is leaving that she made a mistake and should have named him.  She considers finding Jaqen and telling him she has changed her mind, but just then Weese dies.  In the show Arya serves Tywin every day and has made the whole "anyone can die" threat already.  Arya not thinking to name him under those circumstances will take a much larger suspension of disbelief.  Hopefully they have Tywin leave next episode, without giving Arya any warning, making it acceptably believeable.  If she names someone else while Tywin is still there, it will be difficult to accept.Don't forget though that in the show it was Tywin who saved her and Gendry from The Mountain's men, so she probably owes him her life. Not to mention that being Tywin Lannister's cupbearer is probably among the best positions a serving girl can have in the castle, and she would lose that if Tywin were do die, and potentially be thrown into a much more dangerous position.Besides, Tywin has never wronged her personally, and had nothing to do with her father's death. Yes it would help Robb's war effort, but I think she at the moment is thinking primarily of her own safety rather than the outcome of the War of the Five Kings. Selfish? Perhaps, but could you ask more out of a 12-year-old girl?
875	Tadco26	2012-05-02	That is another reason why making her Tywin's cupbearer in the first place is a questionable idea.  It makes Tywin a bigger protector for her than Jaqen in a time when she is not supposed to feel safe.  It's hard for me to accept that she wouldn't think of Tywin when she just came from threatening him with the whole "anyone can die" line.  Unless you believe she didn't intend that to be a threat?  Arya's thoughts while she is at Harrenhal revolve around all the monsters that Tywin has in his service who might beat or kill you for looking at them wrong, and how she has to become a mouse who stays out of sight and out of mind to avoid that fate.  Since Tywin "rescued" her, we haven't seen any of that or felt any sense of danger for Arya or Gendry.  I guess we shall see next episode how it plays out.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 02 May 2012 - 01:26 PM.
876	NickSnow	2012-05-03	Alright, I've gotten used to the fact that this is an ADAPTATION of the books, and changes have to be made. As a reader of the books, I am trying to not be nitpicky when it comes to the changes. When looking at the show from that kind of point of view, I definitely thought that this episode was the best episode of the season so far. It was just one awesome scene after the other. 10/10
877	Gerstinator	2012-05-03	I gave it a ten just because it was the first great episode of this season IMO. I wasn't to sure about the first four episodes but this one really did it for me. Brienne's character development is so key to making the next seasons work that I was happy to see that role progress strongly in this episode. Tyrion was great, as usual, and I found in this episode you really get a sense at how badly his sister and nephew will do at protecting the city from stanis if left to their own devices. I really enjoy the scenes involving the iron islands and Theon, his path in life has finally brought him home, but he now knows that all his past deeds and acomplishments are of no importance and he must prove himself as a true ironborn. I look forward to see how these characters continue to develop through this season and hopefully the episodes continue at this pace.
878	Currawong	2012-05-09	I have carefully not re-read Books 1 and 2 before seeing the TV series, so that I can try to judge the show on its own merits as TV.  And I have to say I do like the adaptation.  The changes make sense in terms of the story hanging together for a viewer, and certainly this episode (only just shown in Australia) was the best of series 2 so far.   Intensely dramatic, and the stories of the various characters are moving up in pace.   I'd rate it a 9.5, mainly because (as with all the episodes so far) I wish it could be just 5-10 minutes longer.
879	Winter Wasnt That Bad	2012-05-11	I like the Brienne character in this show.  But the Renly death is not so good, almost boring to watch.  Thought that would be done better.  Needed more physically darker and creepy atmosphere.  Also, was this the episode that had the Knights "Cage Match"?  (or maybe it was in the previous episode).  I just have to say that scene was totally lame.  That is one of the best scenes in the book, and also introduces a main character.  But the show only has Brienne and Loras fighting?  And pretty awkwardly at that.
880	smallfolktypeperson	2012-05-14	Really, really enjoying the Arya scenes...this young actress can really hold her own with the older actors. The Arya/Tywin scenes and Arya/Jaqen scenes were my favorites this episode. Brienne is impressing me too, I was really worried about her casting but seems to be working out fine so far.
881	Nefa	2012-05-15	This was such a great episode. Just so much stuff comes together in it and prepares you for the ride.
882	Janos Pyke	2012-06-20	I gave it a 6. I can deal with the whole "books and TV are different mediums" fact, but there are things that could have been better. For example, the little detail about how the ironborn ships (longships) are depicted in the series. If we take the inspiration for the ironborn culture are the vikings, then we are talking about a ship very much like this. And what they gave us in the series, was something in the neighborhood of Cristopher Columbus' caravels.So, instead of a viking-like culture, what we have is Pirates from the Caribbean in leather doublets.And yes, I agree with those who didn't like Dagmer portrayal.
					
					
							Edited by Janos Pyke, 20 June 2012 - 03:01 PM.
883	Alex7s	2012-07-06	Voted 9!
A Fantastic episode! loved the convo between Arya and lord Tywin. Jaqen was FLAWLESS! would have loved to see Loras going all crazy for renly's death or maybe see him bury him, but oh well...did anyone else notice there were no Nudidity in this episode?! ;P
884	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Rated it a 7.
Pros:
Brienne and Catelyn's conversation
Arya and Tywin
Theon
Stannis and Davos
Cons:
Renly's underwhelming death
Loras and Maergery
Daenerys
885	Ran	2012-04-29	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2012 - 06:03 PM.
886	justashadow	2012-04-29	That was a fast shadow killer scene.
I can't believe that Stannis agreed with Davos about not taking Melisandre to the next battle. I thought he never leaves without her.
Tyrion is as good as always.
Brienne, will she get revenge on Stannis....but her oath to Catelyn....don't know what Robb will think of her.
Sounds like Jon is in for some adventrue finally. Love Sam Tarly.
Theon..bascially a test for him.
Arya...loved the scene with Tywin and Gendry. I think she is a believer now that the Tickler is dead. She still seems suspicious.
Bran - definite foreshadowing about what is to come, perhaps? Actually lots of foreshadowing on what is come this whole episode.
So I bet Littlefinger has the Margery Tyrell......and he is making a deal that she is coming to Kings Landing cuz she wants to be the Queen...Cersei, watch out!
Dany...hmmm...does she stay or does she go....House of the Undying...intriguing..the masked woman who talks to Jorah warning him...a messenger.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 29 April 2012 - 11:21 PM.
887	Arkash	2012-04-30	Dude, I think, if you havent read the books, you should go over the TwoP forum... http://forums.televi...90<br /><br />Cause everybody, or quite, here, has read them, and all the discussion is over the book spoilers section, you'll find yourself a little lonely here! =DYet, Sounds like Jon is in for some adventrue finally.is something I have damn high hopes about its render in the show !
888	Amythil	2012-04-30	Oh my god! Renly! Did not see that coming! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
Good episode as always, but I was looking forward to see more of Robb, better luck next episode I hope. 
I canÂ´t belive Theon, how can he do this to the Starks, they treated him far better than Balon does.
889	justashadow	2012-04-30	Oh my god! Renly! Did not see that coming! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />Good episode as always, but I was looking forward to see more of Robb, better luck next episode I hope.I canÂ´t belive Theon, how can he do this to the Starks, they treated him far better than Balon does.I agree with you about Theon....I think Ned was a better father than Balon.
890	smo	2012-05-01	I like checking out this thread and am sad to see so few people have posted here.  I enjoy the discussion without all the comparisons to the books even though I have read them.  I really liked that episode.  It was my favorite of the season so far. 
I agree that Ned was a better father than Balon.
891	Silmarien	2012-05-01	Spoiler What does everyone think about the change in Xaro Xaroan Daxos?  He has gone from a pedophile to a very ambitious man courting Daenerys.  I think I like the TV Xaro better.
This is a nitpick but I didn't like Quaithe's mask.  And why did she appear to Ser Jorah first, and not Dany?
In the trailers people bitched and moaned about Dany's "The Starks and Lannisters fight each other, the Baratheons destroy each other" line, but it totally makes sense in the context.  Sigh - people get so critical before they even see the episodes!
I LOVED the Harrenhal scenes.  Arya was quick on her feet naming herself part of the Dreadfort (and how ironic, lol - fake Arya, anyone?).  Tywin seems fair with his servants, not unkind.  It wouldn't surprise me if she had qualms about killing him.
It seems the Tickler won't be dying in an inn via Sandor.  I HOPE they keep Polliver for that scene! PLEASE!!!
If she has the Mountain killed, it'll screw up the Dorne plotline an Tyrion's trial by combat vs 2.0.   I hope she doesn't have him killed - I was hoping the Dorne plotline would remain.  I realize they'll have to cut A LOT of the Dorne stuff but I want at least a little of it in there.  They don't need it until Season 3 and mostly 4 anyway.

					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 01 May 2012 - 09:02 PM.
							
								Spoiler tags added - This is the NO SPOILERS thread, folks.
892	Silmarien	2012-05-01	Oops, sorry bout that.  Thought the thread said BOOK SPOILERS.  My bad.  /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />
893	justashadow	2012-05-01	I like checking out this thread and am sad to see so few people have posted here.  I enjoy the discussion without all the comparisons to the books even though I have read them.  I really liked that episode.  It was my favorite of the season so far.I agree that Ned was a better father than Balon.Balon seems cold and lacking in morals. Look at Yara..she seems cold as well. Look at her treatment of Theon in that episode.Arya constantly grows on me..she seems to find strength where she least expects it. She is very similar to Brienne in that way.I watch the episodes at least twice so I don't miss anything because the episodes go so fast.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 01 May 2012 - 11:51 PM.
894	boojam	2012-05-02	Mid season, and with all the 'rush' problems there is no other drama show I wish to watch all week on TV.
Biggest satisfactions:
Gwendoline Christie as Brienne , she probably has the hardest boots to fill and she nails it.
Tom Wlaschiha as Jaqen Hâ<U+0080><U+0099>ghar , he is a natural, nails it.
With as little screen time has they have gotten they have make the biggest impression on me.
895	Ser Chuck	2012-05-06	Oh my god! Renly! Did not see that coming! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />That hit me almost as hard as Ned Stark the first time around. I'm still with the Baratheons though, not much choice for someone in Renly's camp with all the Lannister armies blocking my way back to the Starks. So uh, Hail Stannis I guess. Please don't tell him I said it like that...
896	Pliny	2012-04-30	I have read many a comment protesting TV Arya's choice of The Tickler as her first Jaqen kill. Many have cited that this will make it impossible for her to kill The Tickler in the inn later, saying this is a major point of character development for her.
I remember this scene, where Arya kills him in a fit of rage, and I remember cheering for her and feeling sad for her at the same time, but I need some help as to how it advances her character development. I've only read it once, and it was a few months back. The way I remember it was that it seemed a very human thing, and in a way, a very childlike thing for her to do- giving in to her emotions and all, whereas later she seems to detach and control her emotions, and separate from her identity as Arya, or Arry, or Weasel, or any of the names she's used. I am not being critical of anybody saying this is an important moment for her, rather that I must have missed its deeper importance and would like to read some other takes on it. I know many on these boards have read multiple times and given these novels much thought, and I would be happy to learn something I didn't realize.
Thanks in advance.
897	sarah.jenice	2012-05-01	Hmmm...I actually understood the choice they made with having her chose the Tickler because he was at the forefront of her mind as someone who needed to be killed, she was probably testing Jaquen to see if he was serious, and the TV audience may not remember the Tickler after the brief time that we had with him and the time it will take for Arya and the Hound to get to the inn and kill him in 1-2 seasons from now.
On the books, I feel like the inn scene with the Hound and Arya was a display of how dark a road she was going to be traveling down. She kills in self defense and she kills to escape places earlier, but I thought her Tickler kill was pretty brutal. Don't get me wrong - I was really proud of her for taking him out and totally think he deserved it - but I do think the more she killed, the easier it became for her to eventually become a FM. Also, isn't this her first personal kill from her prayer list? That is a big step for her to take one of the lives that she has been praying to end.
I hope that helps!
898	Iotun	2012-05-01	I'm not sure how I can say that it advances her character, because I find it very difficult to quantify such things. I can't say that event x has meant that character y has amassed z amounts of said attribute, thus their character is now 'this/that'. Arya is still Arya before and after that scene.
It is a very strong scene however, and I think its a very strong visual. I'd say it shows how regardless of all her strength, Arya is a very damaged and brutalized child by now, who's had to witness some really horrible things, how deeply emotional her pain is, but also how brutally she expresses that pain given the chance. Its very much a loss of innocence moment.
Despite all that, I still think its a scene that wouldn't have worked as well in the series, simply because most of the audience, by the time that scene came up (likely Season 4) would have no way of remembering a minor character like The Tickler, who appeared years ago for a few brief moments in a single episode. And given that the plot requires Arya to now spend her wishes on minor characters, it makes sense for those minor characters to be people that  we've at least been introduced to.
I still hope that they manage to do some similar scene in the future when the time comes... How about her killing Ser Meryn? It would make sense as a character who would recognize the Hound, and who Arya would hate for his involvement in her father's death and killing Syrio. By I think he's bound to be killed on the Blackwater, so.... I don't know.
899	Lannister_Lion	2012-05-01	TV Arya is Harriet Potter.
Far too many changes are going to ruin this story.
Iron Islander Galleons?
Gah.
900	Reposado	2012-05-01	eh, was kinda already ruined by the way the tickler actually questioned people. he was nonsensically asking if there was gold in the village when they were all in harrenhall
901	congokong	2012-05-01	Her murdering the Tickler has nothing to do with "character development." Why would anyone say that? She had killed many people by then. It was just a fantastic and powerful scene in the books and it was very satisfying knowing the Tickler got that type of justice with Arya repeating his own repetitive words while killing him.
Of course the show ruined it though...
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 01 May 2012 - 09:06 PM.
902	kephv	2012-05-02	Her murdering the Tickler has nothing to do with "character development." Why would anyone say that? She had killed many people by then. It was just a fantastic and powerful scene in the books and it was very satisfying knowing the Tickler got that type of justice with Arya repeating his own repetitive words while killing him.Of course the show ruined it though...I disagree. That little psychopathic breakdown she had there really drove home how much she was affected by the Tickler's ticklings, and showed how savage Arya can be when in a murderous mindset.
903	Blangadanger	2012-05-02	I was a little shocked that she would name the Tickler, but given that they hardly focused on the Tickler, I seriously doubt it would have been a powerful moment on screen had she started screaming out his questions from the book while killing him two seasons from now. They still have a chance to do a similar scene however, as long as they don't change much more. If they had Jaqen kill Polliver so she could get Needle back in Harrenhal for instance, it would be a striking difference to her character, and one that many book readers would vehemently hate I would guess. Let's hope the producers are smart enough to not do that at least.
904	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	I think they did a reasonable change here. Arya's list was too long to put in into the show wholly. Also, if they showed Tickler again two seasone later, nobody would really remeber him, so it would not make such an impact as in the books. For me, even in the books those violent villains Arya meets on her travels started to blur into one another.
905	scurvy	2012-05-02	I think the parallel reverse paths in the book between the Hound-Arya and Breinne-Jaime are going to breakdown on the show.
Arya moved toward becoming like the Hound traveling North through the Riverlands in SoS.  She was consumed with revenge like the Hound was against his own brother, not caring about kiling, etc.  Jaime, traveling South along the same path but never to converge, became more like Brienne: honorable, honest, a true knight. 
The travels, the rain, the captivity, the desired return to family (Arya to her mother, Jaime to his sister) were all parallels.  Their personality changes culminating in Arya killing the Tickler and leaving the Hound for dead and Jaime protecting Brienne from Loras with his wits and awarding her Oathkeeper are pivitol to their characters becoming who they are leading into DwD.  Arya is a dispassionate killer.  Jaime is striving to be a true knight.
906	Dontos the Slim	2012-05-02	I need some help as to how it advances her character development.It was another step in her becoming a professional killer.While she had killed before, this was the first kill that brought her what could be considered pleasure (don't get too hung up on that word, please). All of her others had some utility to them. And to be fair, this one did as well (The Tickler presented a real threat to her in that inn had she not killed him). But there is the slightest hint that she enjoyed what she was doing.Because, let's not kid ourselves with Arya, she's training to become/has already become a professional assassin. While that certainly is badass for an epic story's character, in reality, it's pretty sick. The Tickler in the inn scene was a way for Martin to show that turn from little noble girl to, well, sick person.
907	Pliny	2012-05-03	I think the parallel reverse paths in the book between the Hound-Arya and Breinne-Jaime are going to breakdown on the show.Arya moved toward becoming like the Hound traveling North through the Riverlands in SoS.  She was consumed with revenge like the Hound was against his own brother, not caring about kiling, etc.  Jaime, traveling South along the same path but never to converge, became more like Brienne: honorable, honest, a true knight.The travels, the rain, the captivity, the desired return to family (Arya to her mother, Jaime to his sister) were all parallels.  Their personality changes culminating in Arya killing the Tickler and leaving the Hound for dead and Jaime protecting Brienne from Loras with his wits and awarding her Oathkeeper are pivitol to their characters becoming who they are leading into DwD.  Arya is a dispassionate killer.  Jaime is striving to be a true knight.That's really interesting. I had not noticed this parallel before. Arya's hardly "dispassionate" when she's taking out The Tickler, but I think I get what you are saying. Maybe the emotions she released in that kill are some of the last real child emotions, and after that she really starts to become a killer?It was another step in her becoming a professional killer.While she had killed before, this was the first kill that brought her what could be considered pleasure (don't get too hung up on that word, please). All of her others had some utility to them. And to be fair, this one did as well (The Tickler presented a real threat to her in that inn had she not killed him). But there is the slightest hint that she enjoyed what she was doing.Because, let's not kid ourselves with Arya, she's training to become/has already become a professional assassin. While that certainly is badass for an epic story's character, in reality, it's pretty sick. The Tickler in the inn scene was a way for Martin to show that turn from little noble girl to, well, sick person.I see. This makes sense as well. She's been wronged by a lot of people, though. If this scene is really important, couldn't they substitute somebody else?
908	Pliny	2012-05-03	Just thought of another question re: Arya's pleasure in killing-
    The Night Watch singer that went to Bravos (can't recall his name at the moment) Arya killed for being a deserter. Was this kill her duty as a Stark with a Night's Watch deserter, or did she relish exacting revenge on a coward deserter of the Night's Watch? In the beginning Ned makes a big deal about a lord's duty to carry out the sentence himself, but he never enjoys it.
909	Crown	2012-05-03	Just thought of another question re: Arya's pleasure in killing-	The Night Watch singer that went to Bravos (can't recall his name at the moment) Arya killed for being a deserter. Was this kill her duty as a Stark with a Night's Watch deserter, or did she relish exacting revenge on a coward deserter of the Night's Watch? In the beginning Ned makes a big deal about a lord's duty to carry out the sentence himself, but he never enjoys it.It was Dareon.
910	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-03	Personally, comparing to some changes like no Reeds/Tullies and possibly no Ramsey, I don't think Tickler's death is THAT big of a problem. Tickler was a good choice to kill now since he appeared only one episode before and the TV viewers still remembered him. I also liked his death in the book but frankly there's no reason to discuss this issue again and again.
911	boojam	2012-05-03	I have read many a comment protesting TV Arya's choice of The Tickler as her first Jaqen kill. Many have cited that this will make it impossible for her to kill The Tickler in the inn later, saying this is a major point of character development for her.I remember this scene, where Arya kills him in a fit of rage, and I remember cheering for her and feeling sad for her at the same time, but I need some help as to how it advances her character development. I've only read it once, and it was a few months back. The way I remember it was that it seemed a very human thing, and in a way, a very childlike thing for her to do- giving in to her emotions and all, whereas later she seems to detach and control her emotions, and separate from her identity as Arya, or Arry, or Weasel, or any of the names she's used. I am not being critical of anybody saying this is an important moment for her, rather that I must have missed its deeper importance and would like to read some other takes on it. I know many on these boards have read multiple times and given these novels much thought, and I would be happy to learn something I didn't realize.Thanks in advance.I think it's of more importance that a strange bond has grown between The Hound and Arya. He grudgingly comes to admire her 'true grit'. She's has a growing ambivalence about Sandor.In the Tavern fight she essentially saves Sandor's life. A very odd twist that. Between the two of them they kill three men, Polliver , Tickler and the squire (we never find his name I think), actually Arya kills the squire all on her own. Exactly why Polliver and the Tickler are there I can't remember , there are enough ball pen brutes running about Tickler would be easy to replaced. Polliver is important since he has Needle, it's gonna be disappointing if Arya gets Needle back before retrieves from the dead Polliver. Arya then helps Sandor to his horse ... Sandor develops an odd relationship with the Stark girls.Later as Sandor lays 'dying' Arya actually kind of nurses him. (I would like to know why George uses boiling wine a lot, boiling wine drives off the alcohol, better to just pour on as it is!) (Or heck use boiling water, save the wine!)George leaves it ambiguous as to why Arya does not use Needle to kill the Hound, he asks her to give him mercy, it's as if she conflicted about being cruel, she leaves him. Note he disappears from her hit list after that.(Vague rumblings that Sandor has survived, we shall see.)So that whole sequence is important in Arya's futher development, plus it makes a hell of a scenario.
912	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-05-03	She can kill anyone at the inn.  It doesn't have to be the Tickler.
913	boojam	2012-05-03	It was Dareon.Dareon was'nt technically a NW deserter , Jon had sent him with Sam, true he became kind of worthless scalawag, but unlike the insurance man (an insurance man!) who Arya kills, tho by stealth and not sword, Dareon's death seemed kind of brutal on Arya's part.She is taking on those attributes of a FM , tho I still don't think she will join the order.
914	TheArrynsKnight	2012-05-03	Her murdering the Tickler has nothing to do with "character development." Why would anyone say that? She had killed many people by then. It was just a fantastic and powerful scene in the books and it was very satisfying knowing the Tickler got that type of justice with Arya repeating his own repetitive words while killing him.Of course the show ruined it though...I disagree with this. I think it's on of her biggest character developments in the book. Basically because she saves The Hound. She saves this savage that has been on her list for so long, where she could just ran away and let them have him. But she instead chooses to take on The Tickler because he has scarred her in some ways. So I think it is a important (actually very important) scene for Aryas' character development.And I too am getting more and more annoyed by all the changes they are making in the second season. doesn't feel like any of the changes make it better either in any way. Altough the scenes with the rats were brutal and fitting so they showed the brutality in a rather good way.
					
					
							Edited by OllieOwl, 03 May 2012 - 03:06 PM.
915	Darth Pipes	2012-05-15	I have an idea who Arya can brutally kill at the Inn.  Why not a Frey?  With The Tickler dead, the only one left likely to cause that much rage with Arya would be a Frey.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Pipes, 15 May 2012 - 09:40 PM.
916	towerofjoy	2012-05-16	I bet Arya will off Polliver at the Inn, he's the one who has Needle.
917	Tyrion Hand of the King	2014-04-01	I hate the fact that they had the tickler killed off. Maybe some people wouldn't remember who he was, but some certainly would and it was a great scene from the books. At minimum book readers, like myself, would appreciate seeing the scene. Having Jaqen kill him served zero purpose, all it did was ensure that a great scene could never play out the same.Â
918	MichaelMjanovic	2012-08-22	I just watched episode 5 again and Ser Jorah asks Quaithe who she is, to which she replies "no one". Perhaps I'm reading to much into this but does not this very response to that question have some significance? I will have to check if that is faithful to their conversation as per the book. Thoughts? Valar morghulis
919	Masamune	2012-09-02	Wouldn't a Faceless Man be the last person to hide behind a mask?
920	Bobble Head	2012-09-12	I wouldn't doubt it, as this episode has MANY hidden tidbits which are meant to be overlooked. Notice the pink cloaks in Harrenhal? Aren't Lannister men supposed to wear red ones? But there are pink cloaks in Harrenhal in the books. I need to watch it again because there were at least 3 other things like this that I saw in EP205 that I can't remember. 
An obvious one is that Tywin knows it is Arya.
921	someonetyriondpayforsex	2012-09-15	An obvious one is that Tywin knows it is Arya.Really? Why? (Seriously, tell me, I've been conidering and reconsidering a thousand signs without coming to a reliable conclusion â<U+0080>¦
922	ebevan91	2012-12-06	I want to see this scene again. I can't find it anywhere, even on Youtube.
923	Kingdoms'Rights	2012-12-07	In the series it seems that Tyrion knows Arya is trying to hide who she really is, BUT THERE IS NO WAY that Tywin would let a Stark just chill and not try to bargain for his son.  In the books Arya only saw Tywin from afar.  She was a cupbearer for Weese and Lorch.
924	salladhorsaanpimpslap	2013-11-02	In ACOK Tywin and Arya never interact..I thought she was Roose Bolton's cupbearer..but I could be wrong..I did recently watch this episode and my brother (who is watching the series for the first time) asked me if Quaithe was Melisandre? I had to tell him I have no clue, but it would certainly be interesting if that was the case... it is definitely an interesting theory that may be worth looking into...I do believe they have the same kind of magic and are both shadowbinders from Ashai so it seems like a possibility.Â
925	salladhorsaanpimpslap	2013-11-02	and yes a face changer would seemingly be the last person who would need a mask...but then again Arya has been hiding her own identity so the mask could be a metaphor for all face changers, perhaps?Â
926	Clariana	2013-11-20	Tywin knows Ayra is someone, that she is of at least upper middle class origin, he also suspects she may be a spy, but Tywin is very distracted, he is busy conducting a war, remember, so he does not get to the bottom of things. He does give her some false clues when leaving Harranhal, though.
927	Magjee	2013-11-27	The TV show's writing doesn't always play well with the books.
928	teemo	2012-04-29	Since this went over so well last show, I thought I'd do it again.  This is the thread where you can rant, whine, bitch and complain about anything you choose without being hassled.  Comments like, "This is the show, not the book, stop complaining!"  are not for here.  Feel free to debate the accuracy of someone's rant, but nothing is too insignificant to be nitpicked at.  We love this show, but it can be frustrating as hell sometimes.  Even though the show isn't over as of now, I'll start:
-There are so many deviations from the book I am starting to get confused.
-COME ON??? THAT IS DAGMER CLEFTJAW?????
929	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believe that they have Cersei making a trivial grammatical blunder.  She said, â<U+0080><U+009C>To whomever did it, I say well done.â<U+0080><U+009D>Obviously, that has to be whoever, since itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the subject of the clause â<U+0080><U+009C>whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d have though Cersei Lannister had better breeding than that.  As it is, she just comes off as pretentious and stupid.Perhaps that was the intent, but if so, it was surely lost on 99+% of the viewers.  She should have used the right word, not the wrong one. How the hell did this broken line make it through production?
930	Tourniquet	2012-04-30	The could have at least given Dagmer a scar...its obvious that he is a different character just retaining the same name...but scars are cool!
931	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Both of Quaitheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes are the same color. Guess sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not Shiera Seastar after all.Then again, based on that, Tyrion isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Tyrion either, since in the show he has matched eyes instead of unmatched ones.
932	rmanoj	2012-04-30	I don't think that's a grammatical error. Saying ' "To" whomever' makes it an indirect object, therefore the oblique form "whom" is used.
933	kungtotte	2012-04-30	I don't like the change to Dagmer either.
Dagmer is a well-known man on the Iron Islands. Theon knew him when he was a child on the islands, and he knows of his reputation. He is put on Theon's crew to give him at least one seasoned warrior, to make sure things go the way they're supposed to.
If they wanted TV-Dagmer to live up to this they should have fucked his face up somehow to make him very distinguishable, even if they can't go the full route of splitting his face in half, and also made it so Theon knew who he was. But since they didn't do any of this they might as well just have removed Dagmer from the story completely, would save a lot of troubles down the line. Non-readers wouldn't know the difference, and readers wouldn't feel let down.
934	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	I don't think that's a grammatical error. Saying ' "To" whomever' makes it an indirect object, therefore the oblique form "whom" is used.No, no, no! Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not right at all. The sentence is â<U+0080><U+009C>To whomever did it, I say well done.â<U+0080><U+009D> The object of the preposition to is the entire caluse whoever did it.  Think of it as â<U+0080><U+009C>to (whoever did it)â<U+0080><U+009D>.A relative pronoun in English always takes on the case of the function it serves within its dependent clause.  The subject of that whole clause is whoever, just as that clauseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s verb is did and its own object is it.  You canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be thrown off by the proximity of the preposition, because it governs the entire clause, not just the word following.Trust me on this one.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s basic English grammar.Most people should never use whomever, because they nearly always use it incorrectly. Including Cersei. No one will ever laugh at you for using  who when you should really be using whom, but using whom where who is called for is simply risible.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hypercorrective error that makes you look like a pretentious idiot.  Yup, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Cersei all right.
935	Lady Sunrider	2012-04-30	'Whomever' is the object of the preposition 'to' and so is in the accusative case.
I just can't get past that awful dress they have Margery in.   What is it?  It's not historically inspired, I just can't imagine what they were thinking.
936	Lebronn Jaime	2012-04-30	I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believe that they have Cersei making a trivial grammatical blunder.  She said, â<U+0080><U+009C>To whomever did it, I say well done.â<U+0080><U+009D>Analogous to "To whom it may concern". Cersei said it correctly.
937	rmanoj	2012-04-30	I suppose you're right. I hadn't really thought too much about it. "Whomever" isn't something that comes up very much anyway.
938	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Loras not even suspecting Brienne of killing Renly, when he is convinced she did it in the books and they even did his casting based on the confrontation from Feast. Loras also killed two of his sworn Rainbow Guard brothers in rage who were guarding outside the tent, where here is talked down from hurting an unarmed Littlefinger who is starting wedding negotiations with Margeary over Renly's corpse.
Brienne's first slaying of a man wasn't until Feast, where she slayed several of the guards here.
Davos is made admiral of Stannis's fleet, where Imry Florent, the queen's brother who has no experience as an admiral, leads the attack on Blackwater Bay. While Davos will no doubt be made to make the same mistakes in the show, in the book Davos is the one pointing out the mistakes Ser Imry is making in being over confident and not sending out any scouts or noticing the tower which holds the chain. Also Ser Imry keeps Salador's ships back because he does not trust them, when Davos feels this was a waste as these were some of the most experienced war time sailors.
Asha hasn't fit her book character so far. The Cleftjaw is the one suggesting they alter their raiding target, where in the books Theon is the one convincing him.
The cliff side approaches of the TV fist of the first men will make escaping from it when it is attacked problematic, as there appeared to be only one way in and out.
Qarth is almost completely original content. Xaro is not gay, and they didn't bring up how if they were married the bride and groom could ask for one gift of one another which could not be refused, with Xaro's being one of her dragons. One has to wonder if Dany might not have considered Xaro more seriously for marriage, if she thought he had any interest in her what so ever. Especially when he makes it seem much more so than the books that he would support her war effort. They also made Jorah Mormont seem like he was against bringing any foreign aid to conquer Westeros, when it was his idea to get the Unsullied.
With Arya as cupbearer to Tywin, it is pretty unlikely that he would have a percieved commoner speaking freely to his council, and even less likely that she could say something as pointed as the thinly veiled threat of "anyone can die" directed at him.
Likewise it seems pretty unlikely that Jaqen would offer her 3 deaths and Tywin wouldn't be the first name on her mind after having made that threat. In the books it is more plauseable because she has no contact at all with Tywin and only sees him from a distance, and then realizes she should have named him as he is leaving. Cheswick was her first death in the books, and the Tickler taking his place robs Arya of the moment when she does it herself in Storm of Swords, the whole "Is there gold in the village?" as she stabs him over and over. I understand that not even having named him as the Tickler until this episode and having his torture scenes so brief and non-graphic in nature he probably would not even be remembered by next season or two seasons from now. But it still is a bit disappointing. Perhaps Polliver will take his place in that scene.
Harrenhal is not nearly the hell it was for Arya, where she was constantly in danger, and stuck on manual labor duties scrubbing floors and what not. As the surprisingly friendly Tywin's cupbearer she argueably has it better than most of the commoners in the kingdom at this point. No Vargo Hoat and the Bloody Mummers certainly plays a role there, though I understand the casting costs for delaying their entrance to the story. Of course if they do cast them next season and if weasel soup still happens this season, then Vargo won't be changing sides in nearly the same manner.
No Reeds, Bran has the Green Dreams instead and Osha apparently is going to be the one interpretting them. Howland Reed was the only survivor of the Tower of Joy, and it appears that story line may be cut completely. No mention of Ramsay Snow yet, but it is still early. Still this would have seemed to be the perfect time to bring him up story line wise.
No Edric Storm. An understandable cut, but still this is one of the major tension points between Davos and Stannis in Storm, and the first time we learn of Melisandre's desire to sacrifice someone who has king's blood.
939	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	'Whomever' is the object of the preposition 'to' and so is in the accusative case.No, it is not. You always have to look at the entire structure to determine what does what.  The object of the proposition to is the entire clause whoever did it.  The subject of that clause is whoever.  Honest. These are all correct:Who showed up first? He showed up first.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know who showed up first. Give it to whoever shows up first. He shows up first.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the girl whom your wife likes best.Give it to whomever your wife likes best.Who is ready? He is ready.Give it to whoever is ready.Give it to whoever you think is ready. I think he is ready.Give to whomever you think your wife likes best. Your wife likes him best.Give to whoever you think your wife thinks is ready. Your wife thinks he is ready. He is ready.Who will win?  He will win.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s who will win.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know who will win.I know whoever wins. I know he wins.I know you like whoever wins the most. He wins the most.I know you like whomever your wife likes. Your wife likes him.In all situations, the relative pronoun assumes the proper case it satisfies within its own dependent clause. This is just how English works.  To let oneself be tricked into using the wrong one out of mere  proximity is the sort of blunder you see in â<U+0080><U+009C>One of your best friends *are here.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Just because friends is plural doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make the verb plural, because friends is not the subject of that verb.  The subject is one so the verb must be is. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s deep structure that counts, not surface proximity.  The object of the preposition to is the entire clause whoever did it; it is not whoever alone. That would strand the clause without a subject.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 30 April 2012 - 11:02 AM.
940	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Analogous to "To whom it may concern". Cersei said it correctly.Absolutely not.  In â<U+0080><U+009C>To whom it may concernâ<U+0080><U+009D>, the object of the preposition is not â<U+0080><U+009C>whomâ<U+0080><U+009D>. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the entire clause â<U+0080><U+009C>whom it may concernâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Rearrange that into â<U+0080><U+009C>it may concern whomâ<U+0080><U+009D> and you see that the object of the verb is â<U+0080><U+009C>whomâ<U+0080><U+009D>, and so the oblique case is called for here.  Swap who/whom for he/him to verify that you got the case right: â<U+0080><U+009C>it may concern himâ<U+0080><U+009D> is right, so â<U+0080><U+009C>it may concern whomâ<U+0080><U+009D> is also right.  That means â<U+0080><U+009C>to whom it may concernâ<U+0080><U+009D> is right.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not what is happening with Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s blunder.  In her screwed-up sentence, she says something â<U+0080><U+009C>to whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  The object is not the word following to; it is the entire clause.  That clause is â<U+0080><U+009C>whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Again swap in he/him to verify which should go there.  You have to say â<U+0080><U+009C>he did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>; you cannot say â<U+0080><U+009C>*him did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Therefore, â<U+0080><U+009C>whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D> is correct. â<U+0080><U+009C>Himâ<U+0080><U+009D> didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do anything, for goodnessâ<U+0080><U+0099> sake!Again, this is all basic English grammar.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 30 April 2012 - 10:50 AM.
941	David Selig	2012-04-30	What's with Cat telling Brienne "My son's camp is a day away". How would she know? As we saw in the previous episode, Robb went somewhere to attack the Lannisters. And where is her escort? It makes no sense that she travelled all the way to the Stormlands alone at a time of war.
 Bran giving orders to Rodrick about how to employ the troops is strange. He's only 11 in the series at this point, right? Rodrick or Luwyn should be the one in charge, not an 11 old boy.
942	Jaehaerys I	2012-04-30	Arya choosing the tickler. That is one of my favorite scenes with her and the hound later on.
The reeds being left out.
943	ViennaGirl	2012-04-30	Danerys telling Doreah (that's her, right?) to go sleep around in order to spy.
Drogon is too cute
Fist of the First Men - all I can picture is WWs rock-climbing up the cliff with carabiners and ropes. I pictured heavy forest.
Loras not suspecting Brienne of killing Renly.
944	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-30	http://i.imgur.com/xWN8n.jpgI'm a little disappointed in Stannis being so utterly unsympathetic. He had that little scene in the book where he reflects on how hard the night was for him, and that he'll go his grave thinking of his brother... along with a few other subtle shades to his character that just haven't translated over. Shame to lose that.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 30 April 2012 - 11:08 AM.
945	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Where did the Haunted Forest go? They sure get to the Lands of Always Winter pretty fast; I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t remember them ever getting there in the books.
946	DrogonEatsYou	2012-04-30	For a minute I thought the bald sailor that was telling Theon who should be captain was going to be Dagmer, just the ugly face and grunt attitude had me believing that, then the guy actually cast for Dagmer shows up and like when I first saw Asha, or Yara, just another character that I feel didn't fit the mold.  They did so well with folks like Tywin, Tyrion, Jaime, Brienne, Jon, Arya, Varys... you get the point, but there are a couple people casts for this season that just dont seem right, and he was one.  Qhorin almost feels this way too, but I'm going to wait and see with him.
Someone mentioned the fist of the first men and how it doesn't seem plausible to get off that mountain when there is only one way up... Yeah I sort of thought that too when I first saw it, although stunning and epic looking, I didn't imagine it such a high, steep mountain, maybe thats just me though.
947	Morvran	2012-04-30	Grammar arguments are tiresome.  That's my first nitpick.
There were quite a few book changes in this episode, but I didn't mind most of them b/c I trust that HBO will pull them together at some point.  Most of the big changes seem to derive from characters that didn't make the book-to-screen conversion so I understand them (Bran having the green dream for example).  
So my little nitpicks are that Quorin and Dagmer (sp?) don't look the way I envisioned them, especially Dagmer.
					
					
							Edited by Morvran, 30 April 2012 - 11:22 AM.
948	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	Not sure if it is a nitpick or just a question...so is Bronn really the commander of the city watch or is he still Tyrions lackeyman?  It was commented on when Tyrion said he was - 'why isn't Bronn in the armor?" but that could have just been timing.  It's been plenty of time for him to find a change of clothes since then though.
I thought this was the speed up of his transition to a non-disreputable type, but looks like that might have been wrong considering in the last episode he told the commander of the city watch to kill a KG.
949	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Bronn should have a gold cloak.
950	Dontos the Slim	2012-04-30	Xaro is not gay, and they didn't bring up how if they were married the bride and groom could ask for one gift of one another which could not be refused, with Xaro's being one of her dragons.I would imagine this will come up in her storyline on the show. Maybe next week. Otherwise, his marriage proposal would be awfully tempting.
951	House Martell	2012-04-30	I would imagine this will come up in her storyline on the show. Maybe next week. Otherwise, his marriage proposal would be awfully tempting.Seems like Jorah has already talked her out of it though, without the threat of losing a dragon. And someone already mentioned how he's all "pro-Westeros only" for fighting so I wonder how they're gunna bring the Unsullied into the picture.
952	House Martell	2012-04-30	What's with Cat telling Brienne "My son's camp is a day away". How would she know? As we saw in the previous episode, Robb went somewhere to attack the Lannisters. And where is her escort? It makes no sense that she travelled all the way to the Stormlands alone at a time of war.Bran giving orders to Rodrick about how to employ the troops is strange. He's only 11 in the series at this point, right? Rodrick or Luwyn should be the one in charge, not an 11 old boy.This has been the biggest logistical problem with leaving out Riverrun, like you said Cat is gunna find him and how is Cleos supposed to return with the Queens terms? Also without Edmure throwing them back what's going to stop Tywin from marching on Robb?2 of my bigger problems with the book was Cat not returning to her young boys (in the show she's expressed her desire twice now, which seems more realistic and makes her more sympathetic IMHO), and Roddrik running off with all the men and leaving Winterfell under-guarded, at least now it was 11 yr boy making that call...
953	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Seems like Jorah has already talked her out of it though, without the threat of losing a dragon. And someone already mentioned how he's all "pro-Westeros only" for fighting so I wonder how they're gunna bring the Unsullied into the picture.Ser Barristan didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want slave soldiers, either.
954	House Martell	2012-04-30	Ser Barristan didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want slave soldiers, either.True, I've been wondering how they're going to handle "Arstan" since we can see him, i'll be disappointed if it's just some cheesy fake beard.
955	MaJose	2012-04-30	Loras not killing the kingsguards. Loras is supposed to be a great knight and the show has done a pretty poor job of showing that. So far the only thing show-Loras has done is whine and get pissy. This was they're chance to show a different side of him. Killing the guards would show that he can be a badass and how truly affected he was by Renly's death. To me that was one of the biggest clues of their relationship cause killing your sworn brothers is kinda of big deal. I guess they had him blame Stannis right away so he may have a reason to join the Lannisters against Stannis in the Blackwater, but I'll definitely miss the scene were he accuses Brienne of Renly's murder. 
I really love the scene between Arya and Tywin, but I'm afraid it might look really stupid when Arya doesn't choose Tywin to get killed after that threat.
956	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	If Joffrey hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t reached the age of majority yet, then he cannot overrule his Regent.  The Regent rules in loco regis.  Joffrey shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be able to tell Cersei what to do if sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really his Regent. On the other hand, if Joffrey has reached the age of majority, then Cersei shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be Queen Regent anymore, merely Queen Dowager, a position which confers no actual power of rulership. In that case, Joffrey is now a ruling king and has no Regent.And for all she wishes it were otherwise, Cersei is not, nor has ever been nor shall ever be, the Queen Regnant.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why Tyrion corrected Lancel calling Cersei â<U+0080><U+009C>Queenâ<U+0080><U+009D> with her proper title of â<U+0080><U+009C>Queen Regentâ<U+0080><U+009D>. She was only ever a Queen Consort, and the death of her King doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t change that.  When the council named her Regent, it did change things, but only until Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s age of majority.Notice how in Storm, Tywin pays no attention to Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s tantrums. Tywin even less lets the Mad Kinglet have his own puerile way than Tyrion does.   Cersei is a weak mother and a worse Regent.Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re acting in the show like Joffrey holds the real power of rulership in the show. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nonsensical in a regency system.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 30 April 2012 - 12:53 PM.
957	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	True, I've been wondering how they're going to handle "Arstan" since we can see him, i'll be disappointed if it's just some cheesy fake beard.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m worried we shanâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see him till next season.
958	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	There are no more crows in the show, only ravens, including three-eyed ones. That makes the whole three-eyed crow business of the erstwhile Lord Commander Brynden â<U+0080><U+0094> a former crow â<U+0080><U+0094> just so much nonsense.Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s next, a murder of ravens instead of an unkindness of ravens?  A group of crows is a murder; a group a ravens, an unkindness.Folks who donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know a raven from a crow, sheesh!
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 30 April 2012 - 01:10 PM.
959	House Martell	2012-04-30	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m worried we shanâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see him till next season.Jorah is supposed to go looking for a ship and we meet Belwas and Arstan on the docks so...do we know if a Belwas was cast? he's one character that could pretty easily disappear though...
960	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Jorah is supposed to go looking for a ship and we meet Belwas and Arstan on the docks so...do we know if a Belwas was cast? he's one character that could pretty easily disappear though...Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been no announcement that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been cast.Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a pretty wide fellow to easily disappear.
961	Lannister_Lion	2012-04-30	I have been really entertained up until season 2 episode 5 - stealing the character development of Arya for me is utterly criminal and the Brienne, Cat and Renly opening scene with Loras muted reaction was too big a deviation that I had to look at the direction they are seeming to go with this (imo - they are planning to ditch it earlier than anticipated or at least hand over the writing to the less talented - probably to make financial profit).
I hope my suspicions are unfounded as I would be gutted if they turn this into the same puerile guff that is always seen on screen.
The reason these books are sooo good is that everyone else is too scared to tell it the way it is (or was).
962	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	[/font]Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been no announcement that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been cast.Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a pretty wide fellow to easily disappear.Not so not so!  I mean, look at Varys...he can disguise himself well.  Actually...we've never seen Varys and Belwas in the same place at the same time, have we?  Hmm...Varys was "cut" in the front, just like Belwas' scars.  And Varys is trying to help Dany, so by helping Arstan get to Dany, he helps his own desires.  Indisputable....Belwas = Varys.
963	sbjackdaw	2012-04-30	Of course a lot of people have already mentioned the most egregious changes -- Tickler dying too early, Arya mouthing off to Tywin, no Reeds or Ramsay on the horizon -- but was anyone else seriously bothered by the 17th-century-lookin' Sea Bitch? The Ironmen sail longships, not merchant galleons! Vikings, not Spanish armada sailors!N.B.: Here's the Sea Bitch from the show. And here's a longship (remember how often the Ironmen's ships are referred to as longships - ALWAYS). I really don't know what they're thinking.
					
					
							Edited by sbjackdaw, 30 April 2012 - 01:34 PM.
964	House Martell	2012-04-30	Loras muted reaction was too big a deviation that I had to look at the direction they are seeming to go with thispeople are upset with this but we also don't need Loras to go raving mad to know his love for Renly, the show has pretty completely demonstrated that already. Whats more important is that the Tyrells are going to oppose Stannis and make common cause with the Lannisters, which the LF, Loras, Margery scene shows well. I think having LF there is a great deviation from the book, worked really well.
965	Lannister_Lion	2012-04-30	No Reeds, no Ramsey, Tywin for Bolton. Arya missing vital parts of character development, her killing the Tickler is massive, but also missing her obvious skill with needle in the previous episode.
There are more, but these are a BIG concern for me.
I liked the Jorah and Dany scene, buts thats small consolation.
966	Goddan	2012-04-30	people are upset with this but we also don't need Loras to go raving mad to know his love for Renly, the show has pretty completely demonstrated that already. Whats more important is that the Tyrells are going to oppose Stannis and make common cause with the Lannisters, which the LF, Loras, Margery scene shows well. I think having LF there is a great deviation from the book, worked really well.I disagree, I don't realy feel that there has been much love from Loras side in the series, more manipulation, there was some when he was sulking by Renly's corpse, but that could just be the mourning of a good friend. If we were to have seen the Havok he wreaked, I feel that would have been a more genuine response for the loss of the love of your life. But that might just be me..
967	Maria Underfoot	2012-04-30	I was really frustrated that the whole wildfire idea is Joffrey's! The kid is supposed to have been an utter idiot, and Tyrion the capable leader! The idea ought to have been his, he has need of some credit... Even Tywin acknowledges the smartness of the move... Why steal all his glory away? I'm annoyed at such small changes, because they seem entirely pointless
968	House Martell	2012-04-30	I disagree, I don't realy feel that there has been much love from Loras side in the series, more manipulation, there was some when he was sulking by Renly's corpse, but that could just be the mourning of a good friend. If we were to have seen the Havok he wreaked, I feel that would have been a more genuine response for the loss of the love of your life. But that might just be me..well, 2 things: we don't know that he didn't slay people when he found Renly, they just didn't show it or mention it yet. Also they've shown their relationship 100x more than was in the book already so I don't think it was necessary. They have to cut things to make the show possible and I'm fine with that cut. They've already had Loras go down on Renly, what more does he need to do to show his love?
969	House Martell	2012-04-30	I was really frustrated that the whole wildfire idea is Joffrey's! The kid is supposed to have been an utter idiot, and Tyrion the capable leader! The idea ought to have been his, he has need of some credit... Even Tywin acknowledges the smartness of the move... Why steal all his glory away? I'm annoyed at such small changes, because they seem entirely pointlessYeah they're building up Joff, which steals Tyrions thunder and also Cersi. She coming off less evil and cunning than in the book.
970	The Crannogman	2012-04-30	Xaro says: "Daenerys Targaryen the first of your name"
Thats not true and she's never called that in the books. She was named after another Daenerys in her family line. Dany has plenty of other titles that he could have used (storm born, unburnt, etc.) Absolutely no need to make one up.   Another small but pointless deviation that really got under my skin.
					
					
							Edited by The Crannogman, 30 April 2012 - 02:58 PM.
971	Goddan	2012-04-30	Ok for your first point, but they have only showed us a sexual relationship, where I think it is possible that Loras is simply using Renly's Homosexuality against him, not all the sweetness and love I get the feeling of in the books.â<U+0080><U+009C>When the sun has set, no candle can replace it.â<U+0080><U+009D>going down on a guy isn't the same as loving him I'd say
972	AeonFrog	2012-04-30	I try not to nitpick too much about the show, I've accepted the fact that certain sequences would be changed/certain characters would be cut, but the casting for Dagmer bugs me. He doesn't look remotely like the way he's described in the books. With the exception of him and Xaro, every other character matches their book counterparts (or at least are recognizable). There's also the fact that Doreah is still around. I guess HBO likes to keep the pretty  faces alive.
973	House Martell	2012-04-30	Ok for your first point, but they have only showed us a sexual relationship, where I think it is possible that Loras is simply using Renly's Homosexuality against him, not all the sweetness and love I get the feeling of in the books.â<U+0080><U+009C>When the sun has set, no candle can replace it.â<U+0080><U+009D>going down on a guy isn't the same as loving him I'd sayIn the show he does want to go after Stannis, so that would imply more love for Renly than just using him, otherwise he'd want to align with Stannis now...
974	GreenAppleFossoway	2012-04-30	Of course a lot of people have already mentioned the most egregious changes -- Tickler dying too early, Arya mouthing off to Tywin, no Reeds or Ramsay on the horizon -- but was anyone else seriously bothered by the 17th-century-lookin' Sea Bitch? The Ironmen sail longships, not merchant galleons! Vikings, not Spanish armada sailors! N.B.: Here's the Sea Bitch from the show. And here's a longship (remember how often the Ironmen's ships are referred to as longships - ALWAYS). I really don't know what they're thinking.Yes! Thank you for also noticing this. When Theon starts his scene, and it pans to the Sea Bitch, I thought he was already at Stoney Shore, captured it, and was now looking at a Northman's ship anchored off-shore. Then he called it the Sea Bitch, and the scene went on, and I realized WAT DA F00K that's not a reaver's longship.Apparently the new motto of the "Iron-Islanders" is "We Do Not Row".
975	sbjackdaw	2012-04-30	Apparently the new motto of the "Iron-Islanders" is "We Do Not Row"./lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Speaking of this, is anyone else getting tired of hearing "Iron-Islanders" instead of "Ironborn" or "Ironmen"? And "White Walkers" constantly instead of "Others"? /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
976	sarah.jenice	2012-04-30	I've been dissapointed with the portrayal of Stannis more than any other character because we all know that he is the only one of the five kings still in the game so I hate that he seems like a jerk. My fiance, a non-reader, can't stand Stannis and was really mad that he killed Renly. To someone who has just watched the show and loves the Starks, Renly just made a great deal with Cat that seemed like it would make everything perfect and then he is killed. In the book, I really didn't think Stannis knew, but the show made it seem like he was perfectly aware and just didn't want to hear it.
I was also sad to not see Loras go nuts and kill his fellow kingsguard over Renly's death.
977	turdle	2012-04-30	There are no more crows in the show, only ravens, including three-eyed ones. That makes the whole three-eyed crow business of the erstwhile Lord Commander Brynden â<U+0080><U+0094> a former crow â<U+0080><U+0094> just so much nonsense.this really got under my skin during the episode. on the one hand, it's not that big of a deal, but on the other hand, why on earth would they change that? it really baffles me. do they not understand foreshadowing?
978	Fez	2012-04-30	/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Speaking of this, is anyone else getting tired of hearing "Iron-Islanders" instead of "Ironborn" or "Ironmen"? And "White Walkers" constantly instead of "Others"? /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />We're never going to hear anything called the "Others" in this show thanks to Lost, but I agree that Ironborn or Ironmen would be nice to hear and I don't see why we don't.
979	Blangadanger	2012-04-30	I don't mind the Tyrell response scene too much. I actually like Margaery's response about being THE queen; her character is very interesting in the show whereas in the book, I could really care less. I feel the same way about Theon and Tywin. I think Loras has been well established as being in love with Renly. No, they don't show his rage, but he doesn't want to leave Renly even though it's urgent that he does so. He also wants Stannis dead immediately, which means the rage is directed away from Brienne and onto Stannis. However I do think it's strange that he dismissed Brienne and Catelyn of all guilt immediately. It does follow logic that she was loyal to Renly, but he was absolutely annoyed that she bested him in battle and then got promoted to Kingsguard on the show. It seems like an inconsistency in his character's reasoning.
980	Natmus	2012-04-30	I agree with people about the 3-eyed Raven   /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  Just sloppy work, and the second episode in a row where the story supervisors utterly fail.Also, how come Renly is talking about defeating Stannis' army in the morning, but come morning we see Stannis's fleet come sailing towards the coast. So Stannis' army wasn't actually on land and ready to be defeated, unless Renly's army could walk on the water, right? All these changes from the books just makes for much more confusion, because the changes are not integrated properly into the remaining story. It's simply annoying.And yes, how would Loras know that Stannis is behind the killing of Renly, when everybody suspects Catelyn and/or Brienne.One change I, for fairness sake, should mention is that I'm happy with is that Doreah didn't die in the Red Waste. Mostly because I find her both pretty and pleasant, in contrast to (Irri+Jhiqui) who simply is annoying.Finally, I am irritated by that change of Tywin's character, which I suppose is to give him more lines and let him interact with with the likes of Arya (or whatever alias she uses at Harrenhal. Anyone? Has Tywin asked her, since she works for him now?). But Tywin Lannister shouldn't waste time on simple servants, even to score cheap popularity points in a tv-show.
					
					
							Edited by Natmus, 30 April 2012 - 06:24 PM.
981	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Xaro says: "Daenerys Targaryen the first of your name"Thats not true and she's never called that in the books. She was named after another Daenerys in her family line. Dany has plenty of other titles that he could have used (storm born, unburnt, etc.) Absolutely no need to make one up.   Another small but pointless deviation that really got under my skin.Well... sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the first queen regnant of that name.  The other was merely a princess, which doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t count.  You only get a number if youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re actually the ruling monarch.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why Dany was insisting that Viserys be remembered as the third of his name: she was trying to insist that he be considered a real king, not just an uncrowned prince.
982	birdsong66	2012-04-30	How does Loras know that it was Stannis when he wasn't even there?  Did the shadow baby ding dong ditch his tent before visiting Renly?Seriously?No.ETA And is there a single idea credited to the [i]original creator of said idea{/i] at all?  Is there some kind of contest?  It's tough to keep track of whose idea was whose, and a shame that I would have to since I'm current on the novels.
					
					
							Edited by birdsong66, 30 April 2012 - 04:41 PM.
983	David Selig	2012-04-30	Didn't they mention it was a three-eyed raven (not crow) in Bran's dreams before in the series? I rewatched the first season recently and i seem to remember it was mentioned...
984	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	How does Loras know that it was Stannis when he wasn't even there?  Because Stannis was the one who most stood to benefit â<U+0080><U+0094> and benefit tremendously â<U+0080><U+0094> from Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s death.  Brienne stood to gain nothing; rather, she lost.Therefore, Stannis is the Bad Guy here.
985	turdle	2012-04-30	Didn't they mention it was a three-eyed raven (not crow) in Bran's dreams before in the series? I rewatched the first season recently and i seem to remember it was mentioned...i don't think they ever say it's a raven, although i believe in one of the special features on the dvd/bluray set they talk about using digital effects to make a 3 eyed raven. i was hoping that was just a mistake on the part of the speaker. it really makes no sense to me why they would choose to change it from a crow to a raven.
986	The Crannogman	2012-04-30	Well... sheAcÂ<U+0080>Â<U+0099>s the first queen regnant of that name.  The other was merely a princess, which doesnAcÂ<U+0080>Â<U+0099>t count.  You only get a number if youAcÂ<U+0080>Â<U+0099>re actually the ruling monarch.  ThatAcÂ<U+0080>Â<U+0099>s why Dany was insisting that Viserys be remembered as the third of his name: she was trying to insist that he be considered a real king, not just an uncrowned prince.I see... So he emphasizing that he would make her ruler, and therefore first of her name. Got it. Still doesn't sit well with me considering I don't ever remember her being referenced that way in the books. Just a nitpick.
987	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	My nitpicks are the NW in the cold without hats and the much darker five inch roots in Quaithe's hair.
988	Flayed Starkman	2012-04-30	As a Scandinavian I'm very disappointed that there are no longships!!
989	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	My nitpicks are the NW in the cold without hats ...I agree that that was completely ridiculous.  When itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 30 or 40 degrees below zero, or worse with the wind, you never ever ever go without a hat. That wind will freeze an ear off faster than you would believe.
990	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m annoyed they changed the heraldry of House Greyjoy.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to be a gold kraken on a black field, not a black kraken on a sky-blue field. Whyever might they have done that?
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 30 April 2012 - 06:20 PM.
991	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	I agree that that was completely ridiculous.  When itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 30 or 40 degrees below zero, or worse with the wind, you never ever ever go without a hat. That wind will freeze an ear off faster than you would believe. Nose too, for that matter.
992	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-04-30	I was really frustrated that the whole wildfire idea is Joffrey's! The kid is supposed to have been an utter idiot, and Tyrion the capable leader! The idea ought to have been his, he has need of some credit... Even Tywin acknowledges the smartness of the move... Why steal all his glory away? I'm annoyed at such small changes, because they seem entirely pointlessNot such a big deal, methinks. The manner in which Joffrey was intending to use it would have been potentially disastrous, as Bronn pointed out. Tyrion's reapplication of it is genius. Besides, if you remember Tyrion really gets nothing in the way of credit for his defense of King's Landing anyway. The reader knows his value, but his father/family always manages to discount him, one way or another.
					
					
							Edited by Manhole Eunuchsbane, 30 April 2012 - 06:49 PM.
993	teemo	2012-04-30	Renly's Bullwinkle sigil continues to crack me up.  But I guess that's the last we'll see of that.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 30 April 2012 - 09:04 PM.
994	FantA´me	2012-04-30	Arya is almost pampered compared to how she was really treated in harrenhall. It's important to understand what she becomes later.
  brienne killing the guards. In spite of her appearence and the way she acts, brienne is a very sensitive person for whom killing is a big deal .
  Stannis is just...not stannis.
  all the useless changes in quarth.
  I don't like how they're putting all of cersei's "evil doings" on joffrey's back (not especially in this episode but still) .
  Didn't like Loras' reaction to renly's death.
  They're just killing jon's character and making his story arc boring.
  Quaithe talking to Jorah and not Dany?
  I will cry for the reeds .
 But on the whole i liked the episode. I especially liked that tyrion seemed alittle less "all white" ( not being very upset about the whores for exemple). He's not Ned! I liked Davos too.
995	Leto Atreides	2012-04-30	My nitpicks:
- The Fist of the First Men is in a snowy wasteland. I knew those photos from the Iceland set looked wrong a few months ago. Where is the forest?
- Arya's story looks like a walk in the park.
- The Sea Bitch is a carrack. I've always pictured Iron Island ships as Viking longboats and Westerosi ships as galleys
- Asha still not doing it for me.
996	DonalNoye	2012-04-30	I didn't like how the last words Mormont will ever say to Jon basically amount to, "Try not to suck so much out there."
997	Sebly	2012-05-01	I just realised something. Renly says he's going to crush his brother's army in the morning but in the show Stannis doesn't even have his army on land. They're all aboard his fleet and only come sailing in once Renly is dead. 
Maybe Renly's Calvary are excellent swimmers /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
998	Shadiou	2012-05-01	My nitpick is Jon being allowed to join the Rangers merely because he volunteered. This is a sensitive and difficult mission - why would they take a green boy out on his first ranging?!
It made more sense when Qhorin chose him.....
999	LordsKissLover	2012-05-01	I don't think that's a grammatical error. Saying ' "To" whomever' makes it an indirect object, therefore the oblique form "whom" is used. Absolutely not.  In â<U+0080><U+009C>To whom it may concernâ<U+0080><U+009D>, the object of the preposition is not â<U+0080><U+009C>whomâ<U+0080><U+009D>. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the entire clause â<U+0080><U+009C>whom it may concernâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Rearrange that into â<U+0080><U+009C>it may concern whomâ<U+0080><U+009D> and you see that the object of the verb is â<U+0080><U+009C>whomâ<U+0080><U+009D>, and so the oblique case is called for here.  Swap who/whom for he/him to verify that you got the case right: â<U+0080><U+009C>it may concern himâ<U+0080><U+009D> is right, so â<U+0080><U+009C>it may concern whomâ<U+0080><U+009D> is also right.  That means â<U+0080><U+009C>to whom it may concernâ<U+0080><U+009D> is right.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not what is happening with Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s blunder.  In her screwed-up sentence, she says something â<U+0080><U+009C>to whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  The object is not the word following to; it is the entire clause.  That clause is â<U+0080><U+009C>whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Again swap in he/him to verify which should go there.  You have to say â<U+0080><U+009C>he did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>; you cannot say â<U+0080><U+009C>*him did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Therefore, â<U+0080><U+009C>whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D> is correct. â<U+0080><U+009C>Himâ<U+0080><U+009D> didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do anything, for goodnessâ<U+0080><U+0099> sake!Again, this is all basic English grammar.Analogous to "To whom it may concern". Cersei said it correctly. No, CrypicWeirwood was right.  Cersei said it incorrectly.  http://grammar.quick...er-whoever.aspx
1000	Earth Boy	2012-05-01	I was upset that Tywin definitely smiled this episode, and almost kinda smiled the episode before. Also, in the books Brienne is like 20~ years old while in the series she looks more like 40, 45. Aside from her size and her hair color, I imagined her completely different.I also think they are trying to soften Theons betrayal and make it look like he was manipulated into it rather than having it planned all along; not sure why that is.
1001	Humphrey Plantagenet	2012-05-01	In the first series I was disappointed that Tyrion got knocked out before the battle of the Green Fork, rather than demonstrating bravery (if not proficiency) in the battle. But I shrugged it off. But Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m really not happy about Cersei being the originator of the wildfire plan. The wildfire & chain combo was Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s rather smart idea to defend KL. One of my favourite little beats of the novel is Garlan Tyrell being the only person to recognise Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s contribution to the victory. So any diminishing of that, especially the idea that Cersei and bloody Joffrey came up with the wildfire ideaâ<U+0080>¦even if only the relatively piss poor idea of using trebuchets to fling it every which way, annoys me.Minor maybe, but it grinds my gears.
					
					
							Edited by Humphrey Plantagenet, 01 May 2012 - 12:05 PM.
1002	Ghost714	2012-05-01	In the first series I was disappointed that Tyrion got knocked out before the battle of the Green Fork, rather than demonstrating bravery (if not proficiency) in the battle. But I shrugged it off. But IÂ<U+0092>m really not happy about Cersei being the originator of the wildfire plan. The wildfire & chain combo was TyrionÂ<U+0092>s rather smart idea to defend KL. One of my favourite little beats of the novel is Garlan Tyrell being the only person to recognise TyrionÂ<U+0092>s contribution to the victory. So any diminishing of that, especially the idea that Cersei and bloody Joffrey came up with the wildfire ideaÂ<U+0085>even if only the relatively piss poor idea of using trebuchets to fling it every which way, annoys me.Minor maybe, but it grinds my gears.Actually, it was also Cersei's idea in the book to make the wildfire. When Tyrion found out about it, he took over it, and he is the one who came up with the plan on how they would use it, in conjunction with his chain. But yes, Cersei is the one who ordered it to be made in the beginning, it was definitely her idea. It was Tyrions idea to fill the ships full of it, and it was Tyrion's idea to have the men practice with dumbie jars.
1003	Milgod morghulis	2012-05-01	No, no, no! Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not right at all. The sentence is â<U+0080><U+009C>To whomever did it, I say well done.â<U+0080><U+009D> The object of the preposition to is the entire caluse whoever did it.  Think of it as â<U+0080><U+009C>to (whoever did it)â<U+0080><U+009D>.A relative pronoun in English always takes on the case of the function it serves within its dependent clause.  The subject of that whole clause is whoever, just as that clauseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s verb is did and its own object is it.  You canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be thrown off by the proximity of the preposition, because it governs the entire clause, not just the word following.Trust me on this one.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s basic English grammar.Most people should never use whomever, because they nearly always use it incorrectly. Including Cersei. No one will ever laugh at you for using  who when you should really be using whom, but using whom where who is called for is simply risible.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hypercorrective error that makes you look like a pretentious idiot.  Yup, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Cersei all right.Pot, meet kettle.
1004	Maester Bater	2012-05-01	Why did Sam say it was 1000 years since the last time the White Walkers have been seen, instead of 8000? That was just stupid. The whole point of the  War for the Dawn happening so long ago is that most everyone thinks it never happened and that the WW are just fairy tale creatures like snarks and grumpkins.
1005	bloodymime	2012-05-01	After reading complaints about how much Cat is lessened in the show I've been paying more attention to her scenes and how they differ from the book and it certainly is a disappointment.In the book Brienne is barely holding her own, not surprising with what she just witnessed and the fact that unlike the show she is not wearing her armor, until Cat convinces Ser Robar on her honor that Brienne is innocent and gets him to help them. She then knocks Ser Emmon to his knees with an iron brazier and ends with â<U+0080><U+009C>Brienne, with me,â<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn commanded."  A far cry from the show where she simply shrinks back and waits for Brienne to tell her what to do. It truly is a damn shame.
1006	So1ar	2012-05-01	Bran giving orders to Rodrick about how to employ the troops is strange. He's only 11 in the series at this point, right? Rodrick or Luwyn should be the one in charge, not an 11 old boy.Bran didn't give orders to Rodrick about the troops. He just told him to take whatever was needed.
1007	Ghost714	2012-05-01	Why did Sam say it was 1000 years since the last time the White Walkers have been seen, instead of 8000? That was just stupid. The whole point of the  War for the Dawn happening so long ago is that most everyone thinks it never happened and that the WW are just fairy tale creatures like snarks and grumpkins.I agree. It's like they are making so many pointless changes just for the sake of being different. You said it, 1,000 years is ridiculous, and I am pretty sure in season one Ned said, "The White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years". Thousands is better than one thousand. So why in the hell did they change it???
1008	David Selig	2012-05-01	Bran didn't give orders to Rodrick about the troops. He just told him to take whatever was needed. Point is Bran shouldn't be the one in charge since he's only 11, Rodrick or another adult appointed by Robb/Cat should be in charge. Especially since there's a war going on.
1009	Francys Targaryen	2012-05-01	Pot, meet kettle.Don't you mean *Crow meet Raven.*had to do it
1010	GreenAppleFossoway	2012-05-01	Did it bother anyone else that Ser Rodrik only took 200 men to break the siege of Torrhen's Square?
1011	zippypoodle	2012-05-01	Don't you mean *Crow meet Raven.*had to do itI thought the whole point of this thread is that you weren't allowed to do it.
1012	Isis	2012-05-01	I don't like the three-eyed raven thing. It's silly. Almost as silly as Ser Rodrik's facial hair. 
Not null
1013	Ghost714	2012-05-01	Why is Jon carrying Longclaw on his hip, instead of over his shoulder???
1014	Daralys	2012-05-02	I have issues with Jon going off with the Halfhand without finding the cache of dragonglass. I guess they'll just have Sam find it, but the fact that Ghost is the one who leads Jon to where the dragonglass is buried is still something I wonder about from the books, so I was looking forward to it. Ghost is being seriously underused. I still have a *huge* issue with Ghost letting Craster beat Jon up, and I'm starting to wonder if he'll do anything more than hang around uselessly.
1015	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	Margaery's dress, which looks like a lifesaving jacket, and Littlefinger's toga. What is about hose costumes? The others are fitting and look good, but those two are just silly.
The NW men not wearing any hats. You will freeze up there, guys.
And where is the forest?
The absence of Jojen and Meera Reed. This is horrible.
Also Quaithe's mask. It looks plain weird, not mysterious or creepy or anything.
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 02 May 2012 - 01:57 PM.
1016	Arkash	2012-05-02	The only thing that Asha/Yara seem to have in common is the nasty hair. It looks as smelly and greasy as it is described in the book.Am I the only one liking her ?
1017	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	Am I the only one liking her ?I do not especially like her, but I think she is all right. Not worthy of all the criticism. Is that close enough? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1018	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-05-02	Am I the only one liking her ? Your not the only one. I don't get the beef, outside of the namechange. Anyone who screws with Theon is okay in my book.
1019	The Lunk	2012-05-02	this really got under my skin during the episode. on the one hand, it's not that big of a deal, but on the other hand, why on earth would they change that? it really baffles me. do they not understand foreshadowing?Well, his nickname is Bloodraven, so technically you're still good with the foreshadowing.
					
					
							Edited by The Lunk, 02 May 2012 - 05:40 PM.
1020	House Snow	2012-05-02	Here is my nitpick.  Where in the world is Podrick Payne?  His rescue scene isn't going to pack much punch if we don't really see the endearing side of him, beforehand.  So far all we have is hearing his name when he spills some punch.  Its not too late or anything but hopefully we start seeing him in episode 6.
On Yara.  I like her too. I think she suffers a bit from all her scenes being with Theon so far.  I think a scene with her flirting outrageously with her crew would help a lot.  I thought he stop we yield was pretty good in the last episode.  Also, I  just don't think the warrior princess everyone is describing fits what the show has done with the iron islanders.  Also I think if they gave her some less manly clothing she would come off better.
1021	Jem	2012-05-02	I can't stand how they're taking out MEANINGFUL scenes and characters from the books and replacing them with POINTLESS scenes and characters created by the show writers.  If I had known the Reeds would be replaced so a high class whore in king's landing could get her own story line I would probably think..... that was poorly handled.Agreed. I get that TV is a different medium to books and that some things will need to change. But when the changes are entirely pointless it is just so exasperating. I don't expect a scene for scene adaption, but the source material is so good we simply don't need pointless extras (like for example Ros) certainly not at the expense of existing, useful characters like the Reeds.On Yara.  I like her too. I think she suffers a bit from all her scenes being with Theon so far.  I think a scene with her flirting outrageously with her crew would help a lot.  I thought he stop we yield was pretty good in the last episode.  Also, I  just don't think the warrior princess everyone is describing fits what the show has done with the iron islanders.  Also I think if they gave her some less manly clothing she would come off better.If we see a scene with that Yara flirting with anyone, I might just vomit a little in my mouth. There is something about how she looks that is just so off-putting. I'm not saying she is ugly, she is just....I don't know, creepy maybe, sleazy looking.I don't know how to describe it only to say, has anyone watched the TV show It's always sunny in Philadelphia? Well, the character Margaret McPoyle reminds me of Yara. Not that Yara is that ugly, it is just this disturbing vibe that I get from her. Actually, although Yara is not the Asha from the books, Yara actually fits into the Ironborn better that Asha. The Ironborn to me are the McPoyles of Westeros. Weird, disturbing, off-putting and creepy.
1022	Ghost714	2012-05-02	Well Northmen are supposed to be more rugged (more Viking like) than Southern Westerosi.As far as I can tell Robb never wears a helm.In the books I remember them have metal body armor tho.Oh I understand the Northmen don't have awesome armor or helms, but the show gave them some armor and helms, and their helms look retarded, the way they were made. It makes me like the Northmen less in the show, because everytime you see the soldiers they are wearing those weird ass helms, although the Lannister ones are pretty weird too. The Lannister helms like open up in the middle at the face, and it's like these two then doors that close together to "protect" their faces, but they might as well leave them open, because that wouldn't protect anything the way it is made. I also don't agree that Theon has like better armor than Robb, who is the King. I mean I get people like Lora's Tyrell have fancy good armor, he is rich and vain. The Iron Islands though are not more rich than the North, so Theon should not have better armor than Robb, especially not Robb.@ JemI completely agree, there is something horribly wrong about Yara. Everytime she smiles, If you can call it a smile, I want to cut out my eyes.And it's not that everyone thinks Asha is some awesomely hot warrior princess. We know Asha is not suppose to be a bloody super model, or anything. However there is more than enough proof in the books to suggest that Asha does have a certain degree of physical attractiveness, and when you combine that with her fiery personality and charisma, Asha is in fact very appealing. There is nothing, absolutely nothing appealing about this Yara. She has dead lifeless eyes, her posture is all wrong, and she only seems confident in the sense that her daddy is the Lord of the Iron Islands. Where as Asha has a cocky confidence that derives  from her own personal abilities and might.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 02 May 2012 - 07:58 PM.
1023	teemo	2012-05-02	Here is my nitpick.  Where in the world is Podrick Payne?  His rescue scene isn't going to pack much punch if we don't really see the endearing side of him, beforehand.  So far all we have is hearing his name when he spills some punch.  Its not too late or anything but hopefully we start seeing him in episode 6.At least he's been named in the show...that's better than some characters get.  We've yet to hear Ramsay mentioned /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I love Pod though, wish we could see a little bit more of him.  He's hilarious.
1024	Lord of Brewtown	2012-05-02	Am I the only one liking her ?I don't mind her at all. For some reason, too many people pictured her as hot/sexy/beautiful. The character should be in shape. but sould not come close to rivaling Cersei, Sansa, or Margaery. My nitpicks (or "major" picks):Beric Dondarrion.  Not nearly enough foreshadowing her.   Why not have the Tickler say "Where is Beric Dondarrion" as well as "Where is theBrotherhood"?  Also, he should've been mentioned in season 1, by Jaime is retrospection, or at least in Season 2 by Tywin (and maybe evenRobb).  They are NOT building the sense of curiosity they need to.  This will mean that his ultimate appearance will result in a "So what/who cares" type attitude for non-readers. Podrick Payne & the Reeds.  Really?  How do you exclude them?  You have to bring them in, at least minimally, so that their appearance later isn't so arbitrary. They probably write them out completely ( a mistake in my view, writing out Osha would have been better).  How do you not have Podrick?  These are child actors/at least fresh out of drama school actors.  EASY to replace/recast in future seasons, and at the bottom of the barrelll salary wise. I don't get it.
1025	teemo	2012-05-03	I don't mind her at all. For some reason, too many people pictured her as hot/sexy/beautiful. The character should be in shape. but sould not come close to rivaling Cersei, Sansa, or Margaery.My nitpicks (or "major" picks):Beric Dondarrion.  Not nearly enough foreshadowing her.   Why not have the Tickler say "Where is Beric Dondarrion" as well as "Where is theBrotherhood"?  Also, he should've been mentioned in season 1, by Jaime is retrospection, or at least in Season 2 by Tywin (and maybe evenRobb).  They are NOT building the sense of curiosity they need to.  This will mean that his ultimate appearance will result in a "So what/who cares" type attitude for non-readers.Podrick Payne & the Reeds.  Really?  How do you exclude them?  You have to bring them in, at least minimally, so that their appearance later isn't so arbitrary. They probably write them out completely ( a mistake in my view, writing out Osha would have been better).  How do you not have Podrick?  These are child actors/at least fresh out of drama school actors.  EASY to replace/recast in future seasons, and at the bottom of the barrelll salary wise.I don't get it.Well, Podrick is in there.  Tyrion referred to him by name, but it was very brief.  I don't have a problem with Asha's looks either.  There are plenty of women in the book that are supposed to be beautiful, and she is not one of them.  I just don't like the casting because I think she's a bad fit for Asha's personality, but it doesn't have to do with her looks.Oh, and you do know that Beric Dondarrion was in season 1, right?  Brief, but yeah.  Ned sent him out to track down Gregor.  I did think it was odd though how the Tickler mentioned BWB but not Beric, when we have never been introduced to the BWB...but we have been to Beric.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 03 May 2012 - 12:49 AM.
1026	madman2711	2012-05-03	I think that Victarion is missing too and he is one of my favorites as is Davos 
Both are loyal to the cause and almost too good to their leaders
1027	Ghost714	2012-05-03	I think that Victarion is missing too and he is one of my favorites as is Davos Both are loyal to the cause and almost too good to their leadersVictarion was not in ACoK, how is he missing?
1028	madman2711	2012-05-03	He was sent by balon to take moat cailin as Asha was sent for deepwood mott
I know its not a great character yet in aCoK and will get cut this season but i missed at least mentioning him
1029	Ghost714	2012-05-03	He was sent by balon to take moat cailin as Asha was sent for deepwood mottI know its not a great character yet in aCoK and will get cut this season but i missed at least mentioning himIf you expected to have something so small mentioned, I fear you are going to be very disappointed, because they have skipped much bigger things than that so far, and they will continue to do so.Although, it may still get mentioned BR Theon or something after he takes Winterfell, perhaps in a discussion with Maester Lewin? I could see maester Lewin trying to explain to Theon that he can't expect to hold Winterfell, and Theon then trying to show the power of the Ironborn, by mentioning that Victarion has taken Moat Callin. Something along those lines would make sense, but then again, the show has not been doing much of that lately.
1030	madman2711	2012-05-03	i meant that the ironborn taking Moat was the main reason for Robb to try and renew his Frey connection in order to pass the Twins again 
if the Ironborn dont have the Moat he could go bypass the Twins and ===> no red wedding 
but i guess this its for the season 3 /aSoS episodes to make that exposition
1031	teemo	2012-05-03	Nobody  thought Asha was suppose to be "beautiful", but she is suppose to have some degree of physical attractiveness, and when you combine that with her fiery personality, Asha is very appealing. This Yara is not attractive or appealing in any way. She does not embody Asha's personality at all, her posture is wrong, she has zero charisma, and she only seems cocky because her dad is the Lord Balon Greyjoy. Where as Asha has a cocky confidence because of her own might and abilities. One of my biggest complaints with Yara is she seems so lifeless, her eyes literally look dead. So Yara not being attractive is not the biggest problem, it's everything else about her to, that is the problem, even though there is significant evidence through out the books that suggests Asha is some what physically attractive. It's when you combine Asha's looks, to her personality, why she is soi appealing. Nothing about Yara is appealing, and honestly can you imagine this Yara using two throwing axes, while going head to head against Northmen? Because I sure as hell can't.Well, I said I don't like her.  Preaching to the choir /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1032	hiddenaway	2012-05-03	I just can't get past that awful dress they have Margery in.   What is it?  It's not historically inspired, I just can't imagine what they were thinking.I think the concept is that that they are Tyrrell's from Highgarden with a rose as their sigil.  It looks like it's supposed to be some kind of budding flower or rose stem.  It does look quite hideous but at least it's weird and not just a typical medieval-looking dress.
1033	Natmus	2012-05-03	"The door on the vault is made of Valyrian Stone. The hardest steel does not leave a mark."Valyrian stone?Valyrian. Stone? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
1034	boojam	2012-05-03	"The door on the vault is made of Valyrian Stone. The hardest steel does not leave a mark."Valyrian stone?Valyrian. Stone? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />It's in the books, just never detailed by Geroge.
1035	Honey Badger	2012-05-03	"The door on the vault is made of Valyrian Stone. The hardest steel does not leave a mark."Valyrian stone?Valyrian. Stone? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />Never knew it came in stone.  Valyrian steel is loosely based around Damascus Steel, which is also an ancient steel and forging process that's lost to the ages.  So folded steel with swirl patterns to make the swords.  I guess with stone they have swirling patterns of granite or something?  Weird.
1036	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-03	It's in the books, just never detailed by Geroge.Really? Where is â<U+0080><U+009C>Valyrian stoneâ<U+0080><U+009D> mentioned in the books?The words that occur after â<U+0080><U+009C>Valyrianâ<U+0080><U+009D> are these, ranked by the number of instances: 60 steel	6 of	5 glyphs	5 roads	4 and	4 road	3 as	3 sphinxes	2 blades	2 longswords	2 scrolls	2 word	1 again	1 amongst	1 arakh	1 arakhs	1 army	1 at	1 dagger	1 dragonlord	1 heavily	1 moored	1 once	1 sorcerer	1 sorcery	1 sphinx	1 stock	1 sword	1 that	1 tree	1 wasI see no â<U+0080><U+009C>stoneâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
1037	bloodymime	2012-05-03	During one stop, he used the time to have a closer look at the road. Tyrion knew what he would find: not packed earth, nor bricks, nor cobbles, but a ribbon of fused stone raised a half foot above the ground to allow rainfall and snowmelt to run off its shoulders. Unlike the muddy tracks that passed for roads in the Seven Kingdoms, the Valyrian roads were wide enough for three wagons to pass abreast, and neither time nor traffic marred them. They still endured, unchanging, four centuries after Valyria itself had met its Doom.Tyrion from Dance.
1038	congokong	2012-05-03	Victarion was not in ACoK, how is he missing?I'm pretty sure he was at Balon's feast in Theon's second chapter.
1039	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-05-03	During one stop, he used the time to have a closer look at the road. Tyrion knew what he would find: not packed earth, nor bricks, nor cobbles, but a ribbon of fused stone raised a half foot above the ground to allow rainfall and snowmelt to run off its shoulders. Unlike the muddy tracks that passed for roads in the Seven Kingdoms, the Valyrian roads were wide enough for three wagons to pass abreast, and neither time nor traffic marred them. They still endured, unchanging, four centuries after Valyria itself had met its Doom.Tyrion from Dance.You beat me to the punch. Thank you.
1040	madman2711	2012-05-03	I do still have a nitpick but not necesarily with the show itself 
Where did yara/asha get that respect/ reputation with her crew who were they raiding & raping as after the greyjoy rebellion they almost started to sow
I get that euron was a pirate/ buccaneer around essos and all but the balon victarion asha / iron fleet who were they raiding untill theon arrived
1041	Evamitchelle	2012-05-04	I'm not sure if it's because the writers are trying to make Cat more "sympathetic" or what, but with every change they make she turns more and more into a doormat. 
They had already started a little bit in Season 1 (removing her advising Ned to go to KL for example, or having her cower in a corner during the attack in the Vale when she actually killed a man in the book) but it's much more pronounced in season 2, where they're basically giving every idea she ever had to other characters. They already gave her idea of the meeting with Renly, they're setting up her decision to release Jaime as being masterminded by Tyrion and LF and now they can't even let her keep a minor suggestion like "let's sneak out the back" and instead give it to Brienne. And she keeps repeating "I should be at home with my sons !11!!" in half her scenes.
1042	Lord Over	2012-05-04	Yara continues to bug me with her bad posture. She should see a chiropractor.
I may be an oddity but the ringfort did NOT appeal to me. The old bear described it as an excellent defensive position in the books. I don't know... I expected more structures, a wall at least.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Over, 04 May 2012 - 05:53 AM.
1043	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-04	So, this was the episode for Ghost to find the dragonglass weapons. Maybe Jon hasn't left the Fist yet, but it certainly looked like they were heading out immediately. Rather disappointed by that. SURELY they aren't dropping dragonglass from the story and making Others susceptable to mundane fire.
So, Jon and ghost don't get to discover the weapon cache, who will? Grenn, Edd, Sam?
1044	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-04	Yara continues to bug me with her bad posture. She should see a chiropractor.I may be an oddity but the ringfort did appeal to me. The old bear described it as an excellent defensive position in the books. I don't know... I expected more structures, a wall at least.Certainly more than a poor man's stone henge.
1045	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-04	[mod] Keep it classy. I just had to delete something like 40 posts from this thread of crass commentary about actresses' breasts, actresses' faces and a fair few skeevy posts about sex scenes. I don't give a damn what you think about the show inside your own head, but keep that kind of commentary off these boards. Thank you. [/mod]
1046	rappin'Hodor	2012-05-04	I agree to varying degrees with everything said in these posts.  While this doesn't bother me so much yet, if you keep compressing and omitting characters and story lines to adapt the books for tv, where will it end?  If you just project into the next books, you come to a total mess.  If the Reeds are too much for the show, what the heck are they going to do when Dany gets to Meereen?  There are more characters and individual plot lines going on there in the books than the entire show right now.  My fear is that by season 4, it will get so diluted and simplified that I won't enjoy it any more!
1047	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-04	I thought the whole point of this thread is that you weren't allowed to do it.Yep. I think the quote button should be disabled over here. It's hard to resist the temptation to respond in a discussion board full of know-it-alls (including myself)/wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Anyway, I didn't like the vault scene. It was poorly written. The impervious door should not lead up to a marriage proposal. I totally expected him to ask for the dragons' fire power. Seriously confusing.
1048	Storms End	2012-05-04	I think they'd waste their time trying to make any actor look like cleftjaw, "A longaxe blow had nearly killed him as a child, splintering his jaw, smashing his front teeth and left him four lips instead of two" If they tried it would probably of looked ridiculous, it seemed it when I was reading through the books.
The only change in the series so far which I personally found annoying was apparently the Greyjoys operate out of GALLEONS now.
1049	Buckwheat	2012-05-05	During one stop, he used the time to have a closer look at the road. Tyrion knew what he would find: not packed earth, nor bricks, nor cobbles, but a ribbon of fused stone raised a half foot above the ground to allow rainfall and snowmelt to run off its shoulders. Unlike the muddy tracks that passed for roads in the Seven Kingdoms, the Valyrian roads were wide enough for three wagons to pass abreast, and neither time nor traffic marred them. They still endured, unchanging, four centuries after Valyria itself had met its Doom.Tyrion from Dance.But there is no mention of "Valyrian stone". There are only Valyrian roads, the roads through the ancient empire of Valyria. They were covered in stone, yes, but the meaning here is that the roads were built in a Valyrian manner, not that some special kind of stone was used building them.At least that is how I understand it.
1050	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-05	Of course a lot of people have already mentioned the most egregious changes -- Tickler dying too early, Arya mouthing off to Tywin, no Reeds or Ramsay on the horizon -- but was anyone else seriously bothered by the 17th-century-lookin' Sea Bitch? The Ironmen sail longships, not merchant galleons! Vikings, not Spanish armada sailors!N.B.: Here's the Sea Bitch from the show. And here's a longship (remember how often the Ironmen's ships are referred to as longships - ALWAYS). I really don't know what they're thinking.Well, I thought that the lesser ships of the Greyjoy fleet (assuming Sea Bitch is one) are probably not longships or war galleys. They are probably going to be merchant ships that they have paid the "iron price" for however long ago.
1051	boojam	2012-05-05	But there is no mention of "Valyrian stone". There are only Valyrian roads, the roads through the ancient empire of Valyria. They were covered in stone, yes, but the meaning here is that the roads were built in a Valyrian manner, not that some special kind of stone was used building them.At least that is how I understand it.The books also mention, and as if I remember correctly, Valyrian buildings , actually much is Dragonstone is built out of something from Valyria... I always assumed it was 'Valyrian Stone' without George actually giving it a name.
1052	SerMixalot	2012-05-05	where is stanni's beard?
1053	boojam	2012-05-05	Really? Where is â<U+0080><U+009C>Valyrian stoneâ<U+0080><U+009D> mentioned in the books?The words that occur after â<U+0080><U+009C>Valyrianâ<U+0080><U+009D> are these, ranked by the number of instances: 60 steel	6 of	5 glyphs	5 roads	4 and	4 road	3 as	3 sphinxes	2 blades	2 longswords	2 scrolls	2 word	1 again	1 amongst	1 arakh	1 arakhs	1 army	1 at	1 dagger	1 dragonlord	1 heavily	1 moored	1 once	1 sorcerer	1 sorcery	1 sphinx	1 stock	1 sword	1 that	1 tree	1 wasI see no â<U+0080><U+009C>stoneâ<U+0080><U+009D>.Why does it have to be Valyrian followed by 'stone'?George does mention Valyrian cities and there is Dragonstone, that castle was built by Valyrians, what did they build it out of? It's implied in what George writes, he does not have to be specific about it?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 May 2012 - 05:31 PM.
1054	boojam	2012-05-05	I'm pretty sure he was at Balon's feast in Theon's second chapter.Yes he was , as well as all the Iron Fleet commanders , they condensed that 'war council' down so much that it's only Balon, Theon and Asha/Yara. Yara's 30 ships only constitute a fraction of the Iron Fleet.I guess they are going to explain this all later...next year..?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 May 2012 - 05:31 PM.
1055	bloodymime	2012-05-05	But there is no mention of "Valyrian stone". There are only Valyrian roads, the roads through the ancient empire of Valyria. They were covered in stone, yes, but the meaning here is that the roads were built in a Valyrian manner, not that some special kind of stone was used building them.At least that is how I understand it. Fused stone that isn't marred in the slightest after centuries of travel upon it is most definitely special. We certainly don't have anything like it. The Valyrians are the ones with the secret of making it so it is obviously Valyrian stone and the only reason they wouldn't use this incredibly resistant material in other things is if they had something even better.
1056	protar	2012-05-06	Well, I thought that the lesser ships of the Greyjoy fleet (assuming Sea Bitch is one) are probably not longships or war galleys. They are probably going to be merchant ships that they have paid the "iron price" for however long ago.Which is a bit of fridge brilliance (pardon my tropese /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ) when you consider how pleased Theon looked with it. Shouldn't a true ironborn know he was being dishonoured by being giving a galleon?This is all probably entirely accidental on the show's part but I like to think that D+D are actually being subtly clever about things were I can instead of being cynical and seeing them as drooling idiots who don't care about the source material.
1057	Le Cygne	2012-07-09	So Loras doesn't think Brienne did killed Renly, and Brienne is the one who killed a fellow Rainbow Guard, not Loras.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 21 December 2012 - 03:12 AM.
1058	Just so.	2013-04-13	Loras not even suspecting Brienne of killing Renly, when he is convinced she did it in the books and they even did his casting based on the confrontation from Feast. Loras also killed two of his sworn Rainbow Guard brothers in rage who were guarding outside the tent, where here is talked down from hurting an unarmed Littlefinger who is starting wedding negotiations with Margeary over Renly's corpse.Brienne's first slaying of a man wasn't until Feast, where she slayed several of the guards here.Davos is made admiral of Stannis's fleet, where Imry Florent, the queen's brother who has no experience as an admiral, leads the attack on Blackwater Bay. While Davos will no doubt be made to make the same mistakes in the show, in the book Davos is the one pointing out the mistakes Ser Imry is making in being over confident and not sending out any scouts or noticing the tower which holds the chain. Also Ser Imry keeps Salador's ships back because he does not trust them, when Davos feels this was a waste as these were some of the most experienced war time sailors.Asha hasn't fit her book character so far. The Cleftjaw is the one suggesting they alter their raiding target, where in the books Theon is the one convincing him.The cliff side approaches of the TV fist of the first men will make escaping from it when it is attacked problematic, as there appeared to be only one way in and out.Qarth is almost completely original content. Xaro is not gay, and they didn't bring up how if they were married the bride and groom could ask for one gift of one another which could not be refused, with Xaro's being one of her dragons. One has to wonder if Dany might not have considered Xaro more seriously for marriage, if she thought he had any interest in her what so ever. Especially when he makes it seem much more so than the books that he would support her war effort. They also made Jorah Mormont seem like he was against bringing any foreign aid to conquer Westeros, when it was his idea to get the Unsullied.With Arya as cupbearer to Tywin, it is pretty unlikely that he would have a percieved commoner speaking freely to his council, and even less likely that she could say something as pointed as the thinly veiled threat of "anyone can die" directed at him.Likewise it seems pretty unlikely that Jaqen would offer her 3 deaths and Tywin wouldn't be the first name on her mind after having made that threat. In the books it is more plauseable because she has no contact at all with Tywin and only sees him from a distance, and then realizes she should have named him as he is leaving. Cheswick was her first death in the books, and the Tickler taking his place robs Arya of the moment when she does it herself in Storm of Swords, the whole "Is there gold in the village?" as she stabs him over and over. I understand that not even having named him as the Tickler until this episode and having his torture scenes so brief and non-graphic in nature he probably would not even be remembered by next season or two seasons from now. But it still is a bit disappointing. Perhaps Polliver will take his place in that scene.Harrenhal is not nearly the hell it was for Arya, where she was constantly in danger, and stuck on manual labor duties scrubbing floors and what not. As the surprisingly friendly Tywin's cupbearer she argueably has it better than most of the commoners in the kingdom at this point. No Vargo Hoat and the Bloody Mummers certainly plays a role there, though I understand the casting costs for delaying their entrance to the story. Of course if they do cast them next season and if weasel soup still happens this season, then Vargo won't be changing sides in nearly the same manner.No Reeds, Bran has the Green Dreams instead and Osha apparently is going to be the one interpretting them. Howland Reed was the only survivor of the Tower of Joy, and it appears that story line may be cut completely. No mention of Ramsay Snow yet, but it is still early. Still this would have seemed to be the perfect time to bring him up story line wise.No Edric Storm. An understandable cut, but still this is one of the major tension points between Davos and Stannis in Storm, and the first time we learn of Melisandre's desire to sacrifice someone who has king's blood.  everything you say is true,,,its been a long while since ive read the books and i have just finished watching the season 2 and i was lost for any accuracy towards the books...jon snow and quaron halfhand, arya "girl" thought she was only know as girl by gendry? Was Renly the biggest poof as is made out in the show?  seems very loosely based on the books season 2
1059	turdle	2012-04-30	ok specifically, i want to discuss the way the tv show decided to lay the shadow out for the audience vs the way the book does.  i completely understand the decision to show the shadow being born as a cliff hanger end to the previous episode.  i enjoyed it, and a lot of non-book readers seemed to enjoy it as well. however, the problem with doing that, is that the audience goes and imagines all kinds of crazy things that they think the shadow might do, only to find out that the shadow sneaks in and kills renly and then disappears.
at the end of last weeks episode, all my friends were discussing their theories on what the shadow was going to do and were generally very excited about it.  and not that killing renly wasn't significant, but i could clearly tell that it wasn't as impressive as the things they were thinking might happen.
i know that when i got to that part in the book, it was jarring, and it comes out of nowhere, and it would have been a pretty big gamble to show renlys death scene with no set up. but i think the show would be better for it in the long run, if they had done it the way the book did: renly killed by shadow first, see the birth of a shadow second.
not to mention that there will presumably be no more shadows this season, so they've shot their wad in two consecutive scenes.
1060	Pliny	2012-05-01	i know that when i got to that part in the book, it was jarring, and it comes out of nowhere, and it would have been a pretty big gamble to show renlys death scene with no set up. but i think the show would be better for it in the long run, if they had done it the way the book did: renly killed by shadow first, see the birth of a shadow second.not to mention that there will presumably be no more shadows this season, so they've shot their wad in two consecutive scenes.I also liked the progression better in the book. As you've said, it was scary and unexpected, as well as unexplained, for a time. I also thought that the Renly-killing shadow was sent without Stannis' knowledge. In the show, Stannis sends her in. Doesn't that mean that he never meant to honor what he said about giving Renly until morning? That doesn't sound very book-Stannis-like.I don't think the show is going to deal at all with Edric Storm, so I guess there wouldn't have been any other time to show a shadow birth.
1061	turdle	2012-05-01	i hope that they send off mel to storms end to at least imply that another shadow creature exists. because having only one shadow show up with no real follow up is going to be weird to viewers. i know my friends are under the impression that the shadow is going to be a bigger part of the season and i don't want to spoil anything so i'm keeping quiet.
1062	OzorxOron	2012-05-01	It was a lot better in the book, I loved how a gust of wind brought the death of a king in the blink of an eye. In the show you could clearly see what was about to happen and there was no shock when it did.
1063	Stark@heart	2012-05-01	They're already at Storm's End.  They didn't include the leeches or Edric so we won't see the castellan die either.  The next magic we see from Mel is at the battle beyond the Wall, which will probably be next season so I'm guessing we'll see her staring into the flames alot and making prophecies but no more "magic" this season.
1064	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-02	I don't understand the barred gate scene? Renly was camped in a tent. Why did they construct bars in a cave on a cliff? If it was to an underground entrance to Storms End that would make sense but they can't have been at Storms End as Renly would be staying in his castle if it was. Why be in a cave by the sea anyway? And what were the bars blocking an entrance to?? Mel said something like "they've blocked it now". Has she been there before? If Renly was camped on his way to KL his army would be strewn accross fields. Its unlikely that Mel or even Stannis knows of specific caves in the cliff of a random field.Is it me or have they seriously dropped the ball in places this season? Was this part of something that was much bigger until the cutting room floor and now sticks out like a sore thumb. They should have reshot that scene to fit in. I originally thought it was a cliff hanger and the location explanation would be explained this episode but no, its just random.
1065	Versiroth	2012-05-02	They're already at Storm's End.  They didn't include the leeches or Edric so we won't see the castellan die either.  The next magic we see from Mel is at the battle beyond the Wall, which will probably be next season so I'm guessing we'll see her staring into the flames alot and making prophecies but no more "magic" this season.The leech scene doesn't happen until book three, right?  Because that's what brings about the deaths of Robb, Joffrey and Balon in SOS.
1066	victim	2012-05-02	Perhaps the shadow can't swim... Just a thought, not a serious one, but one none the less. Or maybe Stannis just wanted them to be well away from his own men and ships, hence the smuggling. The cave was a pretty cool location as well, a bit weird, but cool. 
My non-reader friends thought the shadow-Stannis was just going to mess shit up in Renly's camp and were pretty shocked when it assassinated Renly himself. Though the entire scene felt out of place at the very beginning of an episode and made last week's cliffhanger wrap itself up really quick. It also wasn't as frightening as it was in the books because Cat thinking initially that it was just Renly's shadow before realising seconds too late was lost on the screen. In my opinion, it would have been a fine scene if we didn't see the shadow coming through the tent flaps, rather only hearing the gust of wind instead, seeing Brienne's reaction and then seeing it behind Renly in the mirror.
Renly was also stabbed from behind. I wonder if that was done on purpose.
1067	bikie	2012-05-02	I watched the show yesterday with the interactive features on and they had a small bit on the shadow scene, and it appeared from the filming that they were trying to film the scene with an actual shadow doing the killing, and not the CGI monster... they showed an extra's shadow being filmed with a sword, rearing back against the tent... guess it just didn't work in production and they decided to go the CGI route...
but I agree that unlike, say ned's death, which I thought HBO did amazingly well, renly's just lacked the expected shock, horror, and importance it had in the book...
1068	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	I don't understand the barred gate scene? Renly was camped in a tent. Why did they construct bars in a cave on a cliff? If it was to an underground entrance to Storms End that would make sense but they can't have been at Storms End as Renly would be staying in his castle if it was. Why be in a cave by the sea anyway? And what were the bars blocking an entrance to?? Mel said something like "they've blocked it now". Has she been there before? If Renly was camped on his way to KL his army would be strewn accross fields. Its unlikely that Mel or even Stannis knows of specific caves in the cliff of a random field.Is it me or have they seriously dropped the ball in places this season? Was this part of something that was much bigger until the cutting room floor and now sticks out like a sore thumb. They should have reshot that scene to fit in. I originally thought it was a cliff hanger and the location explanation would be explained this episode but no, its just random.I agree with everything you said. The scene in the cave makes me think they were shooting the Storm's End chapter, only later they used the scene for Renly's murder.The shadow is not like I imagined it, I always thought it was more like an actual shadow, that is, two-dimensional, seen only as projected on the canvas of the tent, but I liked it the way it looked on the show, too. I just did not have many expectations from that scene.
1069	turdle	2012-05-02	but I agree that unlike, say ned's death, which I thought HBO did amazingly well, renly's just lacked the expected shock, horror, and importance it had in the book...well there was no way they were going to be able to make it = to neds death, i think the main hindrance is the order in which they showed the shadow.
1070	FantA´me	2012-05-02	I've seen posts and heard from a lot of  non readers who dislike the shadow baby's appearance with comments like " if he(Stannis) can cast a super invincible "smoke killer" why doesn't he just send it to kill joffrey or the whole enemy army. It's stupid / It's too easy / It doesn't make any sense ..." . I wasn't on any forum when reading aCoK so i don't know about everybody else but that certainly wasn't my reaction following renly's death.
1071	Tadco26	2012-05-03	I've seen posts and heard from a lot of  non readers who dislike the shadow baby's appearance with comments like " if he(Stannis) can cast a super invincible "smoke killer" why doesn't he just send it to kill joffrey or the whole enemy army. It's stupid / It's too easy / It doesn't make any sense ..." . I wasn't on any forum when reading aCoK so i don't know about everybody else but that certainly wasn't my reaction following renly's death.The thing is that in the books it is implied that the process of making one of the babies is draining the life from Stannis, making him look older, and more gaunt.  He can't make an army of shadow babies because it would kill him.  In the show they have not laid out any repercussions for making them at this point.
1072	Targh	2012-05-04	So, I heard this described as a cervix-to-heir missile.
I just had to share that.
1073	Bambi	2012-05-04	I am totally disappointed with the shadow scene. In the movie its not a shadow, its more like "black smoke". An actual shadow would have been a lot creepier, mystical, and i presume it would've cost a LOT LESS. They could've turned that CGI money on other more important things.
1074	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-05	I thought the shadow scenes were  well done, poor Renly never knew what hit him!
1075	Darth Pipes	2012-05-06	They should have stuck with the shadow.  Far cooler and creepier, not to mention cheaper for them to do.  Use that money elsewhere.
1076	Stag Country	2013-04-10	Did anyone ever figure out why they needed to swim under a gate to release this 'Shadow'....only for it to be out in an open field at a tent when it killed him?
1077	Volantis	2013-01-05	After escaping from Renly's camp, its just her and Brienne.
And last episode, there seemed to be no one else from the North with her. The man who was standing next to her during the melee was one of Renly's.
1078	Envie	2012-04-30	Best. Scene. Ever.
The look between Tywin Lannister and Arya Stark sent chills racing up my spine. I feel they have found a very special chemistry in their acting and I have SO looked forward to that moment ever since we learned they'd changed the story to make Arya Tywin's cup bearer instead of Bolton's. While the Roose Bolton / Arya exchange was essentially the same, it seemed way waaaay more scary with Tywin saying those lines. So much electric charged tension... so much unsaid threat and promise, revenge, blood, seething hatred. All from a little girl and an old man. 
Freaking amazing.
1079	Thunderfist	2012-04-30	I agree. These two actors are great and when you combine them, there is awesomeness
1080	salt	2012-04-30	While I love these two actors, I thought the scene was terrible and blatantly insulting to the spirit of Martin's work.   Changing things from the books is fine, altering characters and plots can be necessary for the sake of the show, but a ridiculous scene like this goes against the basic, core nature of these stories.Everyone in the room would have felt that tension.  A peasant girl just lied to the Lord of Casterly Rock, revealed she was actually from the North, and then stared him down.  There was, as you said,So much electric charged tension... so much unsaid threat and promise, revenge, blood, seething hatred.which was obvious to all of us watching, and certainly would have been apparent to Lord Tywin- and his reaction to that is to put her in charge of what he drinks.  Absurd.  This felt like something that belonges in a summer blockbuster, not a brutally honest story that gives us Ned's death and the Red Wedding.I often find myself drawing comparisons between Game of Thrones and The Wire, because The Wire is one of the few shows I've ever seen on television that approaches the level of complexity and intelligence found in the ASOIAF novels.  In one episode of The Wire, a leading drug dealer played by the famous and charismatic rapper Method Man and his people are meeting with another criminal to make a business deal.  Method Man's character starts giving a dramatic speech about how all the other players in the drug game in town have fallen, except for him.  He's got a pistol in his hand with all eyes are focused on him, the biggest man in the room, saying that now it is HIS time, and is halfway through a sentence when one of his subordinates pulls out a gun and blows a hole through his skull.ASOIAF has always been honest.  It isn't the place where children get to make cool speeches and the whole room sits back and says "Damn, that was dramatic, that little kid sure is a badass."  Anyone can be killed.  And when you're a peasant lying to, staring down, and threatening Lord Tywin Lannister, Shield of Lannisport and Warden of the West, you're killed pretty quickly.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 30 April 2012 - 04:11 AM.
1081	Arkash	2012-04-30	I agree, it wasnt realistic at all and in the books, Arya would have been killed on the moment for saying such things, but, damn, it worked so well on screen.
1082	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	Previously I had assumed Tywin liked Arya's attitude because she reminds him of a young Cersei (whom Tywin was specifically fond of and friendly to, in her flashbacks at least) but yeah, this is probably pushing it
1083	Raylan Stark	2012-04-30	OTOH, Tywin seems... I guess intrigued is the best word with Arya.  He has been from the moment he met her.  I know it seems out of character for Tywin to let insolence slide, but perhaps this is why he did.
As quickly as he susses out her lies, you'd think he'd put 2 and 2 together.
There's a line from I believe ASOS.  It says how Tywin never smiled, but very rarely, he'd threaten to smile, and when he did, it was terrible to behold (paraphrasing).  Charles Dance nailed that.
1084	Storm of Words	2012-04-30	I agree, it wasnt realistic at all and in the books, Arya would have been killed on the moment for saying such things, but, damn, it worked so well on screen.Hi Guys! some Commoner-noob talk from me. ;-)The acting was great. Charles Dance and Maisie are awesome.But I also think that the writing gets worse the more they go away from Martin's original.The whole Ensemble of the Actors is great (you can argue about 1-3) but the writers seem helpless sometimes realising that Martins huge books have to fit in so little screentime.I can understand that the producers and writers want to put Dance in more scenes looking at how great he acts. But the Harrenhall situation gets really out of line.I liked the scenes in the books when Arya interacted with Roose Bolton and how dark Harrenhall was. The reader was beginning to learn that Bolton was a real dangerous man although he was one of Robbs Allies.[If my english sucks please be patient  ]
1085	strifed169	2012-04-30	Didn't like the scene at all, Arya is known to be bold but she overdid it staring down an elite figure like Tywin Lannister, not only that, Tywin allowed it, huge out of character moment, kind of lost the immersion of Arya and Tywin's storyline a bit, for me at least..
1086	Balefont	2012-04-30	Here's a thought: Tywin knew she was from the north and therefore did not have cause to love him for his part of the war and the turmoil of her homelands.  Plus, he'd lose face if he changed his mind as having her a his cupbearer after trying to make a point to his men that the smallfolk can be of use - even untrained little girls.  Plus, he asked her for her thoughts.  Don't ask a question if you're not ready to hear the answer.Seems like he was giving her some benefit of the doubt for being uncouth.
1087	Battlekitten	2012-04-30	I thought it was a dangerous thing to say. 
They were talking about what to do with Robb and his military "invincibility"
Anyone can be killed in this context lays the foundations for RW and mirrors what Stannis did with Renly ie just take out the leader
My issue is her pronunciation of "my lord" not "m'lord" - it was referred to as a big deal in the books marking someone as not of small folk and there goes Arya. And what is a girl from Barrowtown doing in the Riverlands, perhaps Tywin would not be interested at the war council but if I were him I would like to know
1088	The Monkey	2012-04-30	Loved the scene.
Don't think it was out of character for Tywin to let it pass. He has very small regard for low-borns, and if his cup-bearer hates him, what of it? He would still expect discipline, and it's wouldn't occur to him that she would try to kill him. He assumes that peasants by default are too scared or cowardly to even consider to do harm to such a high lord as himself.
1089	Fez	2012-04-30	Loved the scene.
I might be imagining it, but I'm pretty sure at the end of scene, as Arya is walking off to get the water, Tywin looks down at the food she had put out in front of him and pushes it away; almost as if he thought maybe she was going to try to poison him. Or at the least that her ability to stand up to him put him completely off eating.
1090	Pellaeon	2012-04-30	Tywin is no monster like Ser Gregor, from his POV Arya is just a little girl that lie to him because she is scared, and after he revield the lie he get exactly what he want, he try to show his council wich kind of attitude the northmen have and how they woreship the Starks. What expect you of him, to kill a little girl because she lie or say something stupid, in the book when Tywin and Tyrion speak about Rhaegars children you see that he did it because for him it was the only way, but he didn't like it. He wouldn't care about a girl speak against him.
1091	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	I agree, it wasnt realistic at all and in the books, Arya would have been killed on the moment for saying such things, but, damn, it worked so well on screen.I don't think she would have been killed, but I don't see a man like Tywin keeping someone around that he knows had lied to her once, is from the north and then just made that comment.I liked the scene - they did it very well, but it just doesn't follow based on Tywin's caution.  There is no reason now that Tywin's name doesn't get in her list.
1092	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	Now Arya has an excuse to not name Tywin- if he dies after she has made that threat, she will be killed as she is number one suspect
1093	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	Actually, I'm not sure Tywin realised she could be referring to him- an extension of the Lannister arrogance seen in (Show) Tyrion, where he doesn't think that the "demon monkey" is him. Tywin Lannister, in his eyes, CANNOT be killed. So it makes sense that he ignores the meaning behind his serving girl's words
1094	The Black Wolf	2012-04-30	I loved it, simply loved it. And I don't think it's out of character for Tywin to let it slide... it would have been if Arya had just spoken without being asked, it might have been if Tywin knew that she was Arya and not some random lowborn girl. I think he asks her to make a point to his men, to show them how fiercely loyal even the lowest of the northmen are to Robb. Tywin expects her answer to be like the one she gives, what he might not have completely expected is the "anyone can be killed", which probably doesn't sound quite as much as an open threat to the Lannisters as it does to us, seeing as they don't know about Arya like we do. Tywin isn't like Cersei in the way that he doesn't feel the need to personally crush anyone that slightly defies him. He chooses his battles and makes sure that when he strikes, it's going to mean something.
1095	The Monkey	2012-04-30	I don't think she would have been killed, but I don't see a man like Tywin keeping someone around that he knows had lied to her once, is from the north and then just made that comment.I liked the scene - they did it very well, but it just doesn't follow based on Tywin's caution.  There is no reason now that Tywin's name doesn't get in her list.Charles Dance said in an interview that there is a scene coming between Arya and Tywin where Arya gets a small view of what's inside Tywin. It could be this scene, but I doubt it.More likely it's a scene he expresses how idiotic it was for Joffrey to kill Ned or something to that effect, which leads Arya to feel a bit more kind towards him, and thus not include him on her list.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 30 April 2012 - 07:38 AM.
1096	Oberyn King	2012-04-30	Tywin may be a tyrant feared by everyone, but he's too proud to feel threatened by a little girl.  So, "anyone can be killed" is something that only Arya could say while staring at Tywin and get away with it.
1097	Thunderfist	2012-04-30	I donÂ´t see how itÂ´s out of character for Tywin to keep Arya around even after that exchange. As the end of ASoS clearly shows, Tywin is oblivious in dangerous situations. When your escaped imp son, whoÂ´s been badly disfigured, framed for murder, sentenced to death and who is generally pissed off at everyone and everything, aims a crossbow at you, you say something nice or stfu. I have a much harder time believing that situation from the actual books than I have believing this tv-stuff.
1098	Myrddin	2012-04-30	I thought it was a dangerous thing to say.They were talking about what to do with Robb and his military "invincibility"Anyone can be killed in this context lays the foundations for RW and mirrors what Stannis did with Renly ie just take out the leaderThis is my thought as well. Show-Arya may have just planted the seed for RW.
1099	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-30	Why would Tywin give a shit if she's from the north? She's just some messy servant girl with a glib tongue. Maybe he appreciates a little wit after that sour exchange at the planning table.
1100	Greyjoy67	2012-04-30	@ people saying she sounded threatening - eh?
She answered his question and Tywin would probably interpret her 'intensity' as innocence/being frightened. It didn't come across as threatening to me at all. Just a wee point there.
1101	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	My issue is her pronunciation of "my lord" not "m'lord" - it was referred to as a big deal in the books marking someone as not of small folk and there goes Arya. Arya doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know enough to fake the speech of a lowborn; sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just too young for that.  Doubtless Tywin notices, is intrigued, and continues to observe her to find out who she really is.
1102	Independent George	2012-04-30	I don't think he figures out Arya's identity this season, but I foresee a scene next season, where he arrives in King's Landing and finally hears the details of her escape, and possibly a physical description...
Skinny northern girl + well-spoken + resourceful + knows heraldry =  double-facepalm.
Which would be awesome.
1103	Brynden Bloodraven	2012-04-30	I really liked this invented scene as well. Sometime, the show is spot on with what it adds. It would be redundant for the show to have both Tywin and Roose occupy Harrenhal, although I was really looking forward to some of the scenes with the Leech Lord--I thought the casting was right on the money for him.
Other times, I'm dumbfounded by the exchanges they choose to insert (I could not be more upset by Littlefinger professing his love to Cat). It is entirely out of character for LF to show his hand, unless it's in an indirect way (I love the scene in the books where LF is building the castles with Sansa/Alayne). 
Also, the Valaryian Stone (WTF is that?) bank--come on. Give me the real Xaro.
1104	aimlessgun	2012-04-30	I donÂ´t see how itÂ´s out of character for Tywin to keep Arya around even after that exchange. As the end of ASoS clearly shows, Tywin is oblivious in dangerous situations. When your escaped imp son, whoÂ´s been badly disfigured, framed for murder, sentenced to death and who is generally pissed off at everyone and everything, aims a crossbow at you, you say something nice or stfu. I have a much harder time believing that situation from the actual books than I have believing this tv-stuff.Haha so true.In any case, Tywin is using Arya to instruct his idiot commanders. You notice how he keeps looking from Arya back to his men as she's talking? Tywin knows that after all the defeats his bannerman half believe the legends about Robb Stark, and Arya saying that no, she doesn't believe the legends is perfect for the point that Tywin is trying to get across: these are all silly stories, Robb Stark is just a man and even a little girl doesn't believe he's invincible.It's only when Arya holds the stare a bit too long that Tywin thinks something else is going on there, but he was the one asking the questions and she played the role he wanted her to play for the most part.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 30 April 2012 - 10:38 AM.
1105	Tadco26	2012-04-30	I think the scene was very well acted, and completely unbelieveable in the way it was written.  We get example after example in the books on how commoners are treated by knights and lords and this exchange was the polar opposite of those examples.  A veiled threat in front of his war council by anyone, much less a northern commoner prisoner, would not just go ignored if for no other reason than it would make him look weak in front of his bannermen.
1106	JayDubya	2012-04-30	I put myself in Tywin's shoes in that scene and think.
1) Wow, she's trying to sound ominous and threatening
2) But I'm the most powerful man in Westeros - do I let myself feel threatened by a little girl?
3) No, of course I don't.  Go get me the water, little girl.  
So she had a cover story.  He's probably patting himself on the back for sniffing it out.   And the fact that she didn't beg, didn't plead for forgiveness indicates that she knows she did nothing wrong.   And I agree!  It is perfectly rational for a peasant northern girl to keep her identity a secret when she's a prisoner of the Lannister army.   
No 11yo peasant girl is steadfast in the face of a noble lord, except for one with nothing to hide.  
Having said that, I would, if I were Tywin, move her to the kitchens at the beginning of the next episode.
1107	Balefont	2012-04-30	Charles Dance said in an interview that there is a scene coming between Arya and Tywin where Arya gets a small view of what's inside Tywin. It could be this scene, but I doubt it.I think the scene to which he referred may already have happened.  The scene when Tywin enters Harrenhall and "saves" Gendry and the rest of the smallfolk from the Tickler.
1108	Lannes	2012-04-30	I don't think the scene was out of character for Tywin either.Remember, Tywin is, above all things, smart. And most smart people ask questions and then listen.Absolutely amazing scene and maybe my favorite from the 2 seasons so far.
1109	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	I donÂ´t see how itÂ´s out of character for Tywin to keep Arya around even after that exchange. As the end of ASoS clearly shows, Tywin is oblivious in dangerous situations. When your escaped imp son, whoÂ´s been badly disfigured, framed for murder, sentenced to death and who is generally pissed off at everyone and everything, aims a crossbow at you, you say something nice or stfu. I have a much harder time believing that situation from the actual books than I have believing this tv-stuff.Exactly this! Tywin is not a paranoid person.
1110	Blangadanger	2012-04-30	I think people may still be confusing TV-Tywin for Book-Tywin. They have very little in common personality-wise. In the books, Tywin is downright evil, hates everyone and is thoroughly engrossed on his family's lineage. In contrast the Tywin on the show is speculative, whip-smart, and rational. Just as TV-Tywin seems slightly impressed with Tyrion's analysis of the war after Jaime's capture, he's amused with this common girl telling him what she thinks of all men and the ease that they can be killed. His own men are clueless about how to win a battle from this supposed legend of Robb and only offer excuses, and yet here's a young girl from the North, who not only has the guile to survive the harsh realities of war, but shows utmost loyalty to a King of the North, whom she likely has never met. However she follows up with "Anyone can be killed," which gives him a hint of smile, because he knows that Robb is not an invincible wolfman, yet another thing this girl knows more than his own men. We, the viewers, obviously translate it as her wish upon his death, which Maisie delivered tremendously well.
I think it was an amazing scene. Maisie and Charles ARE my versions of Arya and Tywin now.
					
					
							Edited by Blangadanger, 30 April 2012 - 12:26 PM.
1111	TrackerNeil	2012-04-30	I think it was an amazing scene. Maisie and Charles ARE my versions of Arya and Tywin now.I know! You could see in Arya's eyes every inch of the various traumatic experiences she's suffered, and I think Tywin can see it, too. Those of us who've read the books know that Tywin Lannister respects strength - so long as it doesn't in any way threaten his privileges or agenda - so I can see him approving (in a condescnding) of Arya's response. But I agree with what was said upthread; you don't want someone with that look in her eye to pour your wine, water, or anything else you intend to ingest.
1112	Pliny	2012-04-30	To me, Arya's "anyone can be killed" statement was more one of resignation to a harsh reality, in a way. I reminded me of her entry to the House of Black and White. Arya the little girl gone, and only Arry/Weasel/Nan/no one is left, with (seemingly) no attachments, no delusions of childlike faith and optimism.
And I don't think it necessarily seemed like a threat to Tywin. As others have said, he expected her to be fierce, as he pegged her for a northerner. He finds her mildly amusing; that's why he chose her for his cupbearer. She held the stare a bit long. Perhaps this sad girl is a bit more interesting? Or maybe just for the moment. I doubt he's too concerned. He's probably more concerned as to why it took her so long to return with that water.
1113	Independent George	2012-04-30	I think people may still be confusing TV-Tywin for Book-Tywin. They have very little in common personality-wise. In the books, Tywin is downright evil, hates everyone and is thoroughly engrossed on his family's lineage. In contrast the Tywin on the show is speculative, whip-smart, and rational.That's never been my view of book-Tywin. I've always thought of him as whip-smart and rational. TV-Tywin is an even more charismatic version of the one in my head - and I'd always pictured him as charismatic. Charles Dance is just that good.
1114	Ixodes	2012-04-30	I think people may still be confusing TV-Tywin for Book-Tywin. They have very little in common personality-wise. In the books, Tywin is downright evil, hates everyone and is thoroughly engrossed on his family's lineage. In contrast the Tywin on the show is speculative, whip-smart, and rational.That's what I thought at first but after some thought, I am not so sure.  I think I interpreted Tywin far more harshly in the book than I am in the show, yet essentially the character isn't that different.  I actually am looking forward to another re-read and see how the character strikes me now.  Regardless, Tywin is portrayed so well in the show he is one of my favorite characters.  This has really surprised me.
1115	Independent George	2012-04-30	I would also add that I think it's extremely unlikely that Tywin even knows that Arya escaped the Lannisters. It's obviously a closely-guarded secret, as their leverage depends on having two Stark children in captivity. R-mail has already been established as easy to intercept - I don't think Tyrion would risk sending such sensitive information that way, and there's no indication that they have riders moving back & forth between Harrenhall and King's Landing.
I think this goes back to my theory that S3 will include a scene where Tywin is informed that Arya escaped King's Landing, and that they have men searching for her. And since they're searching for someone while trying not to reveal who they're searching for, he'll probably hear a pretty good description of her personality as well as her physical likeness. At that point, he ought to be able to put it all together, and dispatch someone to recall his cupbearer (who, of course, has by now fled, thereby providing additional evidence of her identity).
Depending on how "Weasel Soup" is handled this season, Tywin may end up staring at a boat load of evidence that he let Arya Stark slip right past his fingers. And that would be beyond awesome to watch.
1116	cuendillar	2012-04-30	It's quite likely he didn't see it as a threat at all. He asked several questions in one, of Robb's supposed immortality and if she believed that he had a direwolf. Tywin Lannister isn't "anyone" in his own mind, nor in the eyes of most people. He did not hear it as a threat, even though the we did.
Holding the stare pretty much implied she knew there where more to the rumours about Grey Wind than just hearsay. He might want to look further into why when they're alone - and imply that her continued safety hings on his well-being.
He let her show defiance to gain her loyalty - the council will see her as a prime suspect should anything befall Tywin. He demands only loyalty in his men, not love. Her life being tied to his ensures that nicely.
1117	kephv	2012-04-30	Probably my favorite scene this season. Maisie Williams needs to win an Emmy, now. And Charles Dance was amazing as well.
As for Tywin's reaction, or lack of one, I didn't think it was at all unrealistic. He was clearly bored by talking to his bannerman and was amused by her responses, I think. As for the specific line, well, she told him straight up what he wanted to hear: Robb Stark isn't invincible. There was more under it, of course, but I don't think he cares that some norther peasant has no love for him. He just doesn't care.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 30 April 2012 - 02:40 PM.
1118	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-30	Tywin probably wouldn't take the threat too seriously. if he didn't take his son holding a crossbow at him and telling him not to call Tysha a whore or he'd kill him seriously. How is going to take Arya seriously?
1119	Brave Ser Robin	2012-04-30	I believe the main intent of the scene is not the interaction between Tywin and Arya.  The intent is to setup what is becoming the main story arc for Arya, that is, the path leading to the house of Black and White (and beyond).  Combine that scene with her interaction with the Faceless Man Jaqen H'ghar, with  the murder of The Tickler, with Arya's telling Gendry that if he is practicing for combat, he needs to do it right.
The director crafted the scene perfectly from that perspective.  Arya delivers the statement "Anyone can be killed" not as a threat, but with a cold expression that reveals her desensitazation to killing, foreshadowing what is to come.  Chilling.
					
					
							Edited by Brave Ser Robin, 30 April 2012 - 02:58 PM.
1120	7V3N	2012-04-30	Just excellent. Me and my two roommates (all readers) went "Ooooooo!!!!" shaking our heads (as if shivers went down our spines. No joke, we all did it at the same time. Perfect scene, perfect Arya, perfect Tywin.
1121	bikie	2012-04-30	my favorite scene of the HBO series... and I don't think from tywin's POV we can assume it was that big of an affront and threat... we know who arya is and how wild and bold she is, but taken in the context of a harmless girl who is a cupbearer, she was just answering his questions and answered that robb is not what the stories about him from the north claim... and I think he's also very intrigued by arya and sees potential....
					
					
							Edited by bikie, 30 April 2012 - 03:13 PM.
1122	7V3N	2012-04-30	And remember: it came from a girl who seemed too afraid to tell him she was a Northerner. I don't think Tywin ever believed he lost control of the situation, and he never felt threatened.
1123	Independent George	2012-04-30	Also - Tywin was first introduced to her as a girl who wisely disguised herself as a boy to avoid being raped on the road; he was actually impressed by the deception. If she's also a Northern girl, it makes perfect sense that she'd try to hide it while travelling through a war zone; it's also perfectly consistent for Tywin to be impressed by the the lie (especially since she managed to get his first question right). It's exactly the same as her lying about her gender, as long as she eventually comes clean when he catches her and answers truthfully when confronted by it. He has no reason to believe there's anything more to it than that.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 30 April 2012 - 03:54 PM.
1124	Tadco26	2012-04-30	I don't think that anyone believes Tywin should have been scared of Arya's veiled threat, but realistically he wouldn't tolerate the insolence and disrespect, especially in front of his council.  Just as in season 1 when he goes to war over Tyrion because the house cannot be made to look weak, being threatened by your cup bearer in front of your bannermen would deserve punishment, even if he didn't personally feel threatened at all.  It was a very well acted scene, but it was also a pretty unrealistic one, even before the threat.  Some how I find it hard to imagine book Tywin caring what a peasant girl thinks about anything, much less interviewing her in front of the his bannermen.  Plus it completely contradicts Arya's state of mind pre-Jaqen where she is a beaten, scared mouse.
1125	7V3N	2012-04-30	Plus it completely contradicts Arya's state of mind pre-Jaqen where she is a beaten, scared mouse.Yeah but with time being an issue for the series, they needed to progress things pretty quickly. I think they hit the scared thing pretty well before she was the cupbearer. Her talks with Yoren and the Tickler scenes conveyed her fear and desperation pretty well, I think.
1126	Pliny	2012-04-30	I believe the main intent of the scene is not the interaction between Tywin and Arya.  The intent is to setup what is becoming the main story arc for Arya, that is, the path leading to the house of Black and White (and beyond).  ...The director crafted the scene perfectly from that perspective.  Arya delivers the statement "Anyone can be killed" not as a threat, but with a cold expression that reveals her desensitazation to killing, foreshadowing what is to come.  Chilling.I agree. I was trying to get at this in my earlier post, but you've explained it much better. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> That's the way I saw it, anyway.
1127	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Yeah but with time being an issue for the series, they needed to progress things pretty quickly. I think they hit the scared thing pretty well before she was the cupbearer. Her talks with Yoren and the Tickler scenes conveyed her fear and desperation pretty well, I think.I agree on some levels that the need to consolidate requires some changes, but the change makes Tywin more of a savior for her than Jaqen.  I guess we shall see how they handle Weasel soup, or if it has been written out as well.
1128	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	It wasnt a threat, I think that's the mistake people are making with this quote. I viewed it as a message to the viewer on Arya's mindstate and a self-realization for her character.
1129	7V3N	2012-04-30	I agree on some levels that the need to consolidate requires some changes, but the change makes Tywin more of a savior for her than Jaqen.  I guess we shall see how they handle Weasel soup, or if it has been written out as well.I hope, like everyone, that it hasn't been written out. But I'd like the show to be on point with the books like Season 1 was.
1130	Nebmai	2012-04-30	I loved the scene, until now I wasn't crazy about the Tywin - Roose change but this scene has made me glad they did it. The scene very much captures much of the essence of the books and the series, "Anyone can be killed" is a perfect description of what sets GoT and ASoIaF apart from a majority of their respective contemporaries.It's also major foreshadowing for both characters and its definitely showing the evolution of Arya's character from the free spirited tom boy to what she will become as the story goes on.Also, you guys are WAY off saying the scene is unrealistic because Tywin would not let her threaten him, for fear of looking weak in front of his council.  He would look weak for taking a threat (which isn't really a threat, look back earlier in the series / books for Tyrion's clarification) from a nine - ten year old girl prisoner seriously, not the other way around.  She spoke when spoken to, he asked her questions and she answered.  He's Tywin "f*cking" Lannister not the Mad King, yo.
1131	Monk Meth-	2012-04-30	lol tywin is cruel but he wouldn't kill arya for speaking the truth he wanted her to say..
1132	Howdyphillip	2012-04-30	Tywin reacting to an 11 year old girl based solely on that comment would be out of character for him. It would have essentially been telling his bannermen that this little girl scared him. Out of all of the non canon scenes in this show, this one nailed the book personalities of both characters involved.
Tywin is a lion, and being a lion does not show fear of a weasel.
1133	Envie	2012-04-30	I really appreciate all the responses to this discussion and hearing different perspectives on how the scene fit or didn't fit their interpretation of Tywin. 
Personally, I felt Tywin was weighing Arya's worth with his pointed question. He knew she was from the North which is why he challenged her with where she was from, to get her to slip up so he could get inside her head. It was also a good display for his bannermen to hear what a northern girl's impression of Robb Stark might be like... what the 'common folk' are saying and how supportive they are is very important information to know when you're waging a battle. IF the common people are willing to rise up and support him, then he has a strong claim the same as Robert Baratheon's own rebellion did. Common people do not want a king or queen they can't love, that's a common theme we see a lot in the story.
My husband wondered if maybe Tywin had a suspicion who Arya really was, but I shot that down too - there's no way he could know that because Cersei has not confessed to anyone other than Tyrion that she no longer has Arya in captivity. Tyrion even made a big scene about that a couple episodes back if you remember, when he said "It must be hard, to be the disappointing child" as a dig at Cersei for her failures.
Tywin's change in the series has been a good one, I'll agree with others that some plot changes didn't really work or make sense, but this one does and it really really works for the chemistry between Tywin and a very defiant little Arya.
Was Arya threatening Tywin? No I don't think so. I think she's pointing out that she no longer believes in 'fairy tales' and heroes as many are trying to make Robb Stark out to be with his magical Dire Wolf and all his victorious battles. He's still just a human who can die at any time, like anyone else who has died already thus far, including her Father. I really believe her Father's death is what started Arya down a path of hardened heart in regards to death. A theme which stays with her and makes her successful when she crosses the narrow sea and joins the Faceless Men.
1134	House Snow	2012-04-30	Also - Tywin was first introduced to her as a girl who wisely disguised herself as a boy to avoid being raped on the road; he was actually impressed by the deception. If she's also a Northern girl, it makes perfect sense that she'd try to hide it while travelling through a war zone; it's also perfectly consistent for Tywin to be impressed by the the lie (especially since she managed to get his first question right). It's exactly the same as her lying about her gender, as long as she eventually comes clean when he catches her and answers truthfully when confronted by it. He has no reason to believe there's anything more to it than that.You know what wierd.  When Arya lies to Tywin about her identity everyone says its understandable.  Yet if Talisa/Jeyne  (maybe I'm wrong and she is telling the truth) lies to Robb everyone says its stupid.  Kind of double standard.
1135	aimlessgun	2012-04-30	Hrm I don't think everyone said it was stupid. I think some people who dislike the direction the show went with her character disliked it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  And everyone around here is prickly about book lore, so her throwing out a random name and Volantis puts everyone on high alert for a lore screwup, which is annoying to us even if there is no screwup.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 30 April 2012 - 08:55 PM.
1136	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-30	I don't think that anyone believes Tywin should have been scared of Arya's veiled threat, but realistically he wouldn't tolerate the insolence and disrespect, especially in front of his council.Taking a threat from a peasant girl seriously enough to even have her beaten would have made him look weak. Whoever was her boss in the kitchens should probably have had her beaten though!
1137	teemo	2012-04-30	I'm still not sure what I think of this scene.  I do know I love both of the actors though, so it's fun to watch no matter what. I have two conflicting thoughts on this. I would suspect Tywin, like most high lords, really doesn't even acknowledge the existence of low-born people unless they have the gall to say something (like Arya to Roose when she wasn't spoken to).  From my perspective, I have always seen Tywin as very aloof and not giving a damn about most people around him, especially low-born.  I can't imagine him going up to prisoners and questioning them about their professions as soon as he arrives at Harrenhal.  I also can't imagine book Tywin caring at all what a cupbearer thinks.  And to the people that have said Tywin is ruthless but not cruel, I think he is quite cruel.  Look at the things he's done to Tyrion.  Having your guardsmen fuck the girl your son's in love with?  That's disgusting.  I don't think I ever recall him being amiable to anyone, not even his own children.  Hell, Cersei and Jaime are just pretty pawns for him.  I also think that there might have been some repercussions for Arya speaking to him like that.  It wasn't downright threatening, but she did lie to him.  I notice in the show it is a lot more common for small folk to get sassy and rude with high nobility....even kings.  On the other hand, book Tywin is practical.  He's not a psychopath like Joffrey and will seize opportunities when he sees them.  We have never really seen him interact with small folk, so I guess we don't really know how he would act.  Maybe he would ask a cupbearer her thoughts.  That's a very Robb/Ned Stark thing to do, so maybe Tywin is like that too.  I don't know.  I kind of have a feeling the show is trying to make him more likable, but maybe that's just coincidence.  Maybe they're trying to make him even more grey and conflicting.  Whatever.  Either way, I like TV & book Tywin, but I'm just trying to figure out if he's really that different from book Tywin, or if it's just a side of him we haven't seen in the books.
1138	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-30	It kind of amuses (as in dumbfounds) me how people are still so up-in-arms over this "Commoners cannot speak to the highborn this way!" mentality. It began last week, with Talisa and Robb. And, now, I feel like it's gotten to the point where people are not even allowing themselves to appreciate electric acting because of it. As if we truly can't suspend disbelief on this issue when we can just as easily allow our imaginations to accept dragons and magic. But, no, we cannot accept that Tywin and Arya would interact.The reason why Arya was "allowed" to speak so brazenly to Tywin is simple. The scene was electric. The actors were exceptional. The tension was palpable. And, it was a *moment* these shows exist for. What's the point in having two talents like Charles Dance and Maisie Williams if they're not even allowed to address one another?Is it really so hard to suspend disbelief for 5 minutes and assume Tywin allowed Arya's impudence because he's amused by it? This man -- who so often seems like he's bored with everything -- might genuinely be entertained by this little girl, who poses absolutely no threat to him? At least in his eyes. This show should be encouraged to showcase these moments with its talented cast.
1139	Laohu	2012-04-30	I wish I had more to add to the discussion here since this was probably my favorite scene from episode 5, but it seems like most of you have already covered all the points I have to make.
Bottom line, Tywin is not going to take any threat from this little girl THAT seriously, regardless of how impressed he is with the size of the BALLS she has. I mean, wow, holy shit, Maisie's Arya is simply amazing. That does not take anything away from Charles Dance either. His glare of death would have made me looking like Hot Pie after he narrowly avoided getting picked for torture. The Arya/Tywin scenes together are simply captivating. I am going to savor every moment they have at Harrenhal together. I am definitely looking forward to seeing where they take this relationship next episode.
1140	Honey Badger	2012-04-30	Glad I wasn't the only one who noticed.  Westeros is a land where threatening a high lord with "anyone can be killed," while just outing yourself as a Northerner, can get you executed as a matter of course.  Even Ilyn Payne did less and got his tongue removed.  Also stupid that crazy girl who just threatened you is now charged with finding water for my lord.  Absurd.
This show, at certain points, is too obvious.  The Wire felt very much like a subtle show that was adapted from a book, although most of it was spun from whole cloth, with interjected scenes from previous work (good night hoppers, good night schemers and dope fiends ...).  The scene with Tywin was indeed "cool," but borderline too up its own ass and completely unrealistic.  It defies logic, and has no contextual reason for existing inside that world.  Arya/Arry/Mouse needed to stay quiet throughout that sequence, as in the books she had to beware of being found out, or get herself flayed, beaten or tortured.  Yet here she's completely bold with one of the most powerful men in Westeros.  It's too precious.
1141	Honey Badger	2012-04-30	Is it really so hard to suspend disbelief for 5 minutes and assume Tywin allowed Arya's impudence because he's amused by it? This man -- who so often seems like he's bored with everything -- might genuinely be entertained by this little girl, who poses absolutely no threat to him?More like 500 minutes if you're being honest.  The show has thrown out the carefully constructed book world where peasants do not speak out of turn, because little people are unjustly punished when they speak out of turn.  If you accept that the TV show is more of a comic book or action movie style adaptation, and not attempting to be realistic, then so be it.  They've really disregarded the power dynamic between lord and peasant.
1142	gogorath	2012-04-30	Best. Scene. Ever.The look between Tywin Lannister and Arya Stark sent chills racing up my spine. I feel they have found a very special chemistry in their acting and I have SO looked forward to that moment ever since we learned they'd changed the story to make Arya Tywin's cup bearer instead of Bolton's. While the Roose Bolton / Arya exchange was essentially the same, it seemed way waaaay more scary with Tywin saying those lines. So much electric charged tension... so much unsaid threat and promise, revenge, blood, seething hatred. All from a little girl and an old man.Freaking amazing.I agree, and I'd just like to thank you for posting a thread that didn't involve book to show comparisons.Just an amazing scene.
1143	iheartseverus	2012-04-30	In defense of Tywin (errrmmm, am I saying those words...?), most battle commanders in these kinds of situations are all about 'rah, rah, go get-em, we're the best!' It always reminds me of football coaches. NOT Daddy Lannister. He finds a little Northerner in the prisoner swamp, brings her inside the big house, and then questions her about what the Northerners are saying... He's not looking for 'rah-rah, we're the best' crap, he wants to hear what the enemy is thinking, he's probing, probing, looking for a weakness.
And it makes me sick to think about, truly it does, but I think tv-Ayra gave it to him. 'Anybody Can Be Killed.' I think/fear HBO is setting it up that her words in that moment gave him the perfect answer. He's losing badly to Robb, Robb's troops love him, the war is dragging on and on--how to make a quick end to everything? Simple. A little girl gave him the answer--Anybody Can Be Killed. His snake-cold stare at her didn't seem to me that he was hearing a personal threat from her--it seemed to me that he was hearing... an idea. Anybody Can Be Killed. Honestly, I saw in his eyes the wheels, gears, cogs we see in the opening credits, gears within gears, plans within plans. Anybody Can Be Killed. Tywin heard it, from a Northerner, and he took it in--began to work with it. But, how to do it? How to do it?  I believe HBO is setting the stage that this was the moment RW was conceived In Tywin's mind. And the cruel irony is that in HBO's version, tv-Ayra provided the spark.[/color]
George is unbearably cruel to the Starks. But, HBO? You guys are.. you're just.. I can't even.. I mean, I can't.. honest to god...
If my interpretation is on target,  when Tywin gets the news after RW, he will do his snake-cold stare and say: Anybody Can Be Killed
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 30 April 2012 - 11:08 PM.
1144	gogorath	2012-04-30	While I love these two actors, I thought the scene was terrible and blatantly insulting to the spirit of Martin's work.   Changing things from the books is fine, altering characters and plots can be necessary for the sake of the show, but a ridiculous scene like this goes against the basic, core nature of these stories.Everyone in the room would have felt that tension.  A peasant girl just lied to the Lord of Casterly Rock, revealed she was actually from the North, and then stared him down.  There was, as you said,which was obvious to all of us watching, and certainly would have been apparent to Lord Tywin- and his reaction to that is to put her in charge of what he drinks.  Absurd.  This felt like something that belonges in a summer blockbuster, not a brutally honest story that gives us Ned's death and the Red Wedding.I often find myself drawing comparisons between Game of Thrones and The Wire, because The Wire is one of the few shows I've ever seen on television that approaches the level of complexity and intelligence found in the ASOIAF novels.  In one episode of The Wire, a leading drug dealer played by the famous and charismatic rapper Method Man and his people are meeting with another criminal to make a business deal.  Method Man's character starts giving a dramatic speech about how all the other players in the drug game in town have fallen, except for him.  He's got a pistol in his hand with all eyes are focused on him, the biggest man in the room, saying that now it is HIS time, and is halfway through a sentence when one of his subordinates pulls out a gun and blows a hole through his skull.ASOIAF has always been honest.  It isn't the place where children get to make cool speeches and the whole room sits back and says "Damn, that was dramatic, that little kid sure is a badass."  Anyone can be killed.  And when you're a peasant lying to, staring down, and threatening Lord Tywin Lannister, Shield of Lannisport and Warden of the West, you're killed pretty quickly.Is your view of Tywin Lannister a sadist, or a practical man?  He was looking of a way to impress upon his bannermen the view the North had of Robb and the threat he presented.  He has no fear of Arya and why would he?  Do small girls carry poison on them?  Do any of them suddenly become assassins on their own initiative?  History is certainly littered with the remains of men done in by small children servants...oh, wait.Tywin was dealing with a young girl, and if you actually pay attention to the conversation, aside from an understandable lie, there's absolutely no reason why a man like Tywin Lannister would kill her, whip or do any such thing, especially when she said exactly what he wanted her to.What, did you think his dismissal of Random Lannister right before was wasted time?Furthermore, there's no staring down.  She's answering his question and looking at him.  You seem to have Tywin as a guy who would take a look held three seconds long by a small girl and kill her.  There's absolutely no evidence Tywin is like this.
1145	gogorath	2012-04-30	In defense of Tywin (errrmmm, am I saying those words...?), most battle commanders in these kinds of situations are all about 'rah, rah, go get-em, we're the best!' It always reminds me of football coaches. NOT Daddy Lannister. He finds a little Northerner in the prisoner swamp, brings her inside the big house, and then questions her about what the Northerners are saying... He's not looking for 'rah-rah, we're the best' crap, he wants to hear what the enemy is thinking, he's probing, probing, looking for a weakness.And it makes me sick to think about, truly it does, but I think tv-Ayra gave it to him. 'Anybody Can Be Killed.' I think/fear HBO is setting it up that her words in that moment gave him the perfect answer. He's losing badly to Robb, Robb's troops love him, the war is dragging on and on--how to make a quick end to everything? Simple. A little girl gave him the answer--Anybody Can Be Killed. His snake-cold stare at her didn't seem to me that he was hearing a personal threat from her--it seemed to me that he was hearing... an idea. Anybody Can Be Killed. Honestly, I saw in his eyes the wheels, gears, cogs we see in the opening credits, gears within gears, plans within plans. Anybody Can Be Killed. Tywin heard it, from a Northerner, and he took it in--began to work with it. But, how to do it? How to do it?  I believe HBO is setting the stage that this was the moment RW was conceived In Tywin's mind. And the cruel irony is that in HBO's version, tv-Ayra provided the spark.[/color]George is unbearably cruel to the Starks. But, HBO? You guys are.. you're just.. I can't even.. I mean, I can't.. honest to god...If my interpretation is on target,  when Tywin gets the news after RW, he will do his snake-cold stare and say: Anybody Can Be KilledWhile something like this may happen (though probably not quite in that way), but I really doubt Arya gave Tywin Lannister the incredibly unknown option of assassination.
1146	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	Pretty sure someone like Tywin Lannister knows that "anybody can be killed" and I can almost gaurantee that assassination crossed his mind the second he knew Ned's head came off.
1147	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-30	While I love these two actors, I thought the scene was terrible and blatantly insulting to the spirit of Martin's work.   Changing things from the books is fine, altering characters and plots can be necessary for the sake of the show, but a ridiculous scene like this goes against the basic, core nature of these stories.Everyone in the room would have felt that tension.  A peasant girl just lied to the Lord of Casterly Rock, revealed she was actually from the North, and then stared him down.  This is a good point, though I liked the scene anyway. Fine acting can sometimes overcome an otherwise implausible scene, and that was the case (for me anyway) watching Dance and young Maisie Williams. I often find myself drawing comparisons between Game of Thrones and The Wire, because The Wire is one of the few shows I've ever seen on television that approaches the level of complexity and intelligence found in the ASOIAF novels.  I'm firmly of the belief that the first four seasons of The Wire were the best television drama ever produced (I won't make that claim for the 5th season). I'd argue that The Wire considerably exceeded the level of complexity and intelligence in the ASoIaF novels - the story lines were partly based on the real experiences of Ed Harris as a Baltimore cop and then as a teacher in the Baltimore school system. There was no possibility of creating drama through magic or royal intrigue or mysterious noble origins.And yet, The Wire consistently delivered multiple intelligent, complex story-lines which took several seasons to reach their climax with a truly enormous cast of characters. The stories presented viewers with real tragedies, often appalling violence and death, humor and camaraderie, self-sacrifice, love and redemption - everything that I assume GoT would like to provide. And HBO audiences watched the show and grew in size every season - no brains were fried, no stories needed to be dumbed down.I always remember The Wire whenever someone claims that this or that needs to be dropped or needlessly altered "because it's television". Nonsense. Television doesn't require bad writing and dumb compromises at all - this is just an excuse for bad decisions made in the writing meetings of GoT.
1148	iheartseverus	2012-04-30	While something like this may happen (though probably not quite in that way), but I really doubt Arya gave Tywin Lannister the incredibly unknown option of assassination.Not 'incredibly unknown' of course.   /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  Just that HBO is putting Ayra into the plot.  sigh...
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 30 April 2012 - 11:47 PM.
1149	theotherserge	2012-04-30	Here's a thought: Tywin knew she was from the north and therefore did not have cause to love him for his part of the war and the turmoil of her homelands.  Plus, he'd lose face if he changed his mind as having her a his cupbearer after trying to make a point to his men that the smallfolk can be of use - even untrained little girls.  Plus, he asked her for her thoughts.  Don't ask a question if you're not ready to hear the answer.Seems like he was giving her some benefit of the doubt for being uncouth.I think it shows/demonstrates that Tywin is a very self-confident, self-assured non-idiot; unlike the dolts he's surrounded by. For instance: he has to put his Imp son to work to bring his daughter/"grandson" to heel. Think of Joffery's reaction vs Tywin's: he's not going to show weakness over the implied threat from a commoner girl because he has huge balls of gold and isn't afraid of anyone, despite being a serial loser in one battle after another.Makes me kind of sad that he's a marked man in the series...
1150	summer_stark	2012-05-01	I loved this scene.  I was a bit worried about the match up, but I think it will be fun -- I too was a bit thrown about how she won't pick him, and why he wasn't her first choice, but I can let it slide because I loved the scene and think they're doing a great job (if they cut out weasel soup tho, I'll be pissed)
So nothing really new to add except -- a The Wire rant:
What is everyone's obsession with The Wire?? Seriously.  Aside from Stringer and Omar, I thought it wasn't really that groundbreaking.  I watched it just this past summer -- marathon style, and what struck me was that every season it was about...the wire! literally.  and the whole mcnulty thing the final season -- wow.  terrible.  (granted, most people think the 5th season wasn't great, but still).  i wonder if people went back and watched the wire now, if they would think it was as awesome as they did then.  i.e., I wonder if this is a function of groundbreaking for the time, or whether it really is amazing as is.  (I say this b/c I saw the entire series after season 1 of GoT, and I didn't think it was even close to as awesome as GoT in terms of groundbreaking, unpredictable narrative).  I felt like the stringer v. avon issue was super predictable (granted, a good bad guy was fun to watch and maybe new for the time, but now, would we think a stringer bell is so completely novel?)  omar was great too and his story arc was interesting, but *shrug* not really that groundbreaking either (except for one particular scene that I won't spoil).  i just found the whole we're up against the higher ups every season to get "the wire" going to be really really tedious.  same shit.  different season.
1151	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-01	I'm firmly of the belief that the first four seasons of The Wire were the best television drama ever produced (I won't make that claim for the 5th season). I'd argue that The Wire considerably exceeded the level of complexity and intelligence in the ASoIaF novels Agreed, becauseThere was no possibility of creating drama through magic or royal intrigue or mysterious noble origins.But then I disagree with your conclusion;Television doesn't require bad writing and dumb compromises at all - this is just an excuse for bad decisions made in the writing meetings of GoT.Because the magic and mysterious origins you referenced earlier are already in the books; not in the writing staff meetings of HBO.I honestly get tired of people comparing the Wire to GoT because 1) the Wire was terrific because of REALISM... People compared it to a social documentary. No way that applies to dragons and face-changers.2) the comparisons are superficial because they are often only about the amount of characters and plotlines. No one takes into account, for instance, that the Wire was succesful in showing the way different worlds were actually interwoven and affected each other. In GoT, we still just have several scattered stories and many  do not affect each other directly (dany&jon are obvious examples).Referencing the Wire seems to be the purist shield against changes in the adaptation. No one is saying that TV can't be complex. It's just that more characters and more little details =/ complexity. Complexity is, among other things, about character development, emotional upheaval and moral ambiguity. It's not about a larger cast and more events.
1152	victim	2012-05-01	I don't think the "anyone can be killed" line was exactly what Tywin was fishing for but really it's only a threat that us, as the audience, understand given that we know who Arya is and Tywin does not. That is to say that it is even a "threat" in the first place. Someone mentioned that Arya may not see Tywin as a huge threat so to speak; he's certainly of no threat to her - whereas the Tickler was - and she may not yet realise what a gigantic threat he is to her older brother before it is too late.
1153	WildlingGirl	2012-05-01	It kind of amuses (as in dumbfounds) me how people are still so up-in-arms over this "Commoners cannot speak to the highborn this way!" mentality. [...]The reason why Arya was "allowed" to speak so brazenly to Tywin is simple. The scene was electric. The actors were exceptional. The tension was palpable. And, it was a *moment* these shows exist for. What's the point in having two talents like Charles Dance and Maisie Williams if they're not even allowed to address one another?Is it really so hard to suspend disbelief for 5 minutes and assume Tywin allowed Arya's impudence because he's amused by it? This man -- who so often seems like he's bored with everything -- might genuinely be entertained by this little girl, who poses absolutely no threat to him? At least in his eyes. This show should be encouraged to showcase these moments with its talented cast.This.Tywin doesn't perceive Arya as a threat. He doesn't know who she is. He only sees a terrified young peasant girl with enough brains to poster as a boy so as to avoid being raped and killed. He's amused by that, and willing to explore just why she did it. I always saw Tywin as interested in people out of the ordinary, as he perceives himself to be, and bored by the mediocrity around him.Even if Tywin suspected who she was however, she'd only have motive in his eyes, but highborn girls are no assassins - they're bred to wed and bear children, and are not taught how to be independent and survivors.Hence Tywin in my view would never perceive a little girl as a threat. He keeps her around for amusement purposes.Simple. A little girl gave him the answer--Anybody Can Be Killed. His snake-cold stare at her didn't seem to me that he was hearing a personal threat from her--it seemed to me that he was hearing... an idea. Anybody Can Be Killed. Honestly, I saw in his eyes the wheels, gears, cogs we see in the opening credits, gears within gears, plans within plans. Anybody Can Be Killed. Tywin heard it, from a Northerner, and he took it in--began to work with it. Wow, I didn't think of this, but I think you're bang on the money, iheartseverus. *chills*
1154	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-05-01	I liked the TV scene. It was fun to watch.
But when you think about it, it wasn't right. In the books, the whole theme of the Harrenhal chapters was: constant fear of getting killed for no reason at all. Just looking at the wrong person at the wrong time could be fatal. And the only way to survive is to not be noticed. With so many lunatics amongst the Mountain's men, you can never be sure that one of them suddenly gets the urge to torture or kill you. So Gendry and Arya hang low. They try to be invisible. The Tywin/Arya scene completely removes that theme, imho.
Another weird effect is this. For Tywin Lannister, the war with Rob Stark is his prime concern. His second concern is getting his son Jaime back. One of the main methods to get him back would have been to trade Jaime for one or more Starks. They got Sansa, but Arya is missing. He is aware of that. Tyrion and a few others have been discussing such a trade. If only they had Ayra. And suddenly, in front of Tywin is a group of refugees/travelers known to be coming from King's Landing, with a girl from the North who tries to hide her own identity ? That should ring bells inside Tywin's head immediately. The first thing he would do is sent Ayra to the Tickler and torture her to get her real name out. For me, this would be the logical followup of the Tywin/Arya scene. But that won't be happening in the tv-series.
This is one of the small details why I think you can't just add or change small things from the books. Martin took years to write a book. I am sure he thought of the consistency of every scene (knowingly, or maybe even, after all these years, unconsciously).
					
					
							Edited by Gryz, 01 May 2012 - 07:08 AM.
1155	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-01	Being a bit of a purist, I actually don't think that scene was that out of place. Granted Tywin has replaced Roose but he asked her what she thought. Firstly she didn't want to reveal she was a Northerner, obviously Tywin knew otherwise, but it was understandable she didn't want to reveal that. He then asks what the northerners say about Robb, so she answers and he asks again what she thinks, she gives him an honest answer. I think the GRRM's Tywin would respect the courage she showed to speak to him.
1156	Independent George	2012-05-01	I think we're imputing our knowledge into the characters. The reason "Anyone can be killed" is so chilling is because we can read so many different meanings into the it, based on what we know of the characters and the story.
Because we know it's Arya, the "Stabbity Stark" (as they put it at TWOP), of course we see the veiled threat as she stares him down coldly. But neither Tywin, nor any of his council, have any way of knowing this, or any reason to suspect that she's not merely answering his question and referring to Robb. 
To say that a Lord would punish a commoner for the threat misses the point: he doesn't know it's a threat. He can't know it's a threat. We know something Tywin doesn't, and that turns the meaning of what he just heard completely on its head. The whole reason the scene works on such a visceral level is because both of the way both meanings collide with each other.
1157	LifeRuiner	2012-05-01	I don't think that Arya came off as blatantly threatening. It might have looked like it from our omniscient view but not to Tywin. It looked more like Tywin had a doubt about whether the little girl was saying what the little girl couldn't possibly be saying. And as if he thought about how true her words were.
A brilliant scene, in the end.
1158	7V3N	2012-05-01	You know what wierd.  When Arya lies to Tywin about her identity everyone says its understandable.  Yet if Talisa/Jeyne  (maybe I'm wrong and she is telling the truth) lies to Robb everyone says its stupid.  Kind of double standard.It's different. Robb was in the West. Tywin was not in the North. Robb expects the people he encounters to be from the West, while Tywin doesn't expect many Northerners in the Riverlands. People I mean, not soldiers. IF Talisa/Jeyne said she was a Westerner, Robb would see her as just another, while Arya stands out to Tywin because of the lack of Northerners South of the Neck.
1159	Strider	2012-05-01	I loved the scene and disagree almost completely with those who think it was out of character for Tywin to allow Arya's implied threat to go unpunished.  Quite the contrary.  It's precisely because Tywin is so confident in his power and position that he can ignore Arya's comment.  A weaker person might have felt offended, but Tywin is beyond such pettiness (except, perhaps, where it concerns Tyrion).  
I suspect that he admired Ayra's spunk, especially after the display of weakness by his kinsman.  Tywin is powerful enough to respect strength and courage in others.  Arya is no threat to him. Having winkled out from her that she is a Northerner, he might be a bit more on his guard, not because he fears for his safety but in order to protect against any spying.  Indeed, it probably amuses him to keep a spunky Northerner kid around, if only to remind himself of the quality of his enemies.  He will not underestimate them again.
I like the suggestion that Arya's remark may in fact be the seed for the idea of the Red Wedding.    One more unintended consequence in a world of unintended consequences.
1160	Ser Greguh	2012-05-01	Wait, people are actually expecting that Tywin Freaking Lannister, the richest, most powerful Lord in the Seven Kingdoms, to interpret the statement of "anyone can be killed" as a threat?  The man is arrogance personified.  The thought that a lowly cupbearer is even capable of threatening him would never even occur to him.It was a fantastic scene.  It speaks to Arya's state of mind, shows Tywin's pragmatism, and sets up an epic moment a few episodes down the road when Tywin learns that Arya escaped and puts it together.
1161	jarl the climber	2012-05-01	What would he do if he did find out she was Arya? Send her to Robb and Cat with a peace offer or marry her to Tommen? Or something else?
1162	legba11	2012-05-01	What exactly should Tywin do in that situation?  What kind of fool would he look like if he acknowledges a threat from a little girl?  He would lose face if he reacted to her at all, which is why he just stared back then dismissed her.  On a secondary note, he held her up as how Lorch's men are bunch of fools.  If it turns out, it was a mistake to have taken her in, he would look twice the fool he just made them out to be.
The mighty Tywin Lannister being threatened by a little servant girl is a much more dangerous thing to have public than just ignoring the comment.
Small men in power (Joffery/ Cersei) reacted harshly to every small thing, truly powerful men (Tywin/Tyrion/Robb) know when its important to flex their muscle.
1163	The Monkey	2012-05-01	Great scene! My two favourite characters and my two favourite actors in the same scene. That stare-down was awesome beyond words.
1164	summer_stark	2012-05-01	I liked the TV scene. It was fun to watch.But when you think about it, it wasn't right. In the books, the whole theme of the Harrenhal chapters was: constant fear of getting killed for no reason at all. Just looking at the wrong person at the wrong time could be fatal. And the only way to survive is to not be noticed. With so many lunatics amongst the Mountain's men, you can never be sure that one of them suddenly gets the urge to torture or kill you. So Gendry and Arya hang low. They try to be invisible. The Tywin/Arya scene completely removes that theme, imho.Another weird effect is this. For Tywin Lannister, the war with Rob Stark is his prime concern. His second concern is getting his son Jaime back. One of the main methods to get him back would have been to trade Jaime for one or more Starks. They got Sansa, but Arya is missing. He is aware of that. Tyrion and a few others have been discussing such a trade. If only they had Ayra. And suddenly, in front of Tywin is a group of refugees/travelers known to be coming from King's Landing, with a girl from the North who tries to hide her own identity ? That should ring bells inside Tywin's head immediately. The first thing he would do is sent Ayra to the Tickler and torture her to get her real name out. For me, this would be the logical followup of the Tywin/Arya scene. But that won't be happening in the tv-series.This is one of the small details why I think you can't just add or change small things from the books. Martin took years to write a book. I am sure he thought of the consistency of every scene (knowingly, or maybe even, after all these years, unconsciously).Interesting perspective -- I could see that -- but I don't think we know whether he knows that they don't have Arya -- he didn't in episode 1, and I believe Tyrion said he hadn't been in touch w/Tywin in awhile -- and we know Cersei's not going to tell him. That said, I think it is a good point.  And it definitely brings up the point that having them get captured as people from KL bound for the Wall, makes their back stories much more important, especially since she couldn't have gone to the wall.  That's an interesting flaw that I didn't notice until you pointed it out.  I'll let it slide b/c it doesn't seem like they are the only prisoners, and it's not like they're keeping track of who is from where -- but still, it does beg the question.
1165	lyvyathan	2012-05-01	While I love these two actors, I thought the scene was terrible and blatantly insulting to the spirit of Martin's work.   Changing things from the books is fine, altering characters and plots can be necessary for the sake of the show, but a ridiculous scene like this goes against the basic, core nature of these stories.Everyone in the room would have felt that tension.  A peasant girl just lied to the Lord of Casterly Rock, revealed she was actually from the North, and then stared him down.  There was, as you said,which was obvious to all of us watching, and certainly would have been apparent to Lord Tywin- and his reaction to that is to put her in charge of what he drinks.  Absurd.  This felt like something that belonges in a summer blockbuster, not a brutally honest story that gives us Ned's death and the Red Wedding.I often find myself drawing comparisons between Game of Thrones and The Wire, because The Wire is one of the few shows I've ever seen on television that approaches the level of complexity and intelligence found in the ASOIAF novels.  In one episode of The Wire, a leading drug dealer played by the famous and charismatic rapper Method Man and his people are meeting with another criminal to make a business deal.  Method Man's character starts giving a dramatic speech about how all the other players in the drug game in town have fallen, except for him.  He's got a pistol in his hand with all eyes are focused on him, the biggest man in the room, saying that now it is HIS time, and is halfway through a sentence when one of his subordinates pulls out a gun and blows a hole through his skull.ASOIAF has always been honest.  It isn't the place where children get to make cool speeches and the whole room sits back and says "Damn, that was dramatic, that little kid sure is a badass."  Anyone can be killed.  And when you're a peasant lying to, staring down, and threatening Lord Tywin Lannister, Shield of Lannisport and Warden of the West, you're killed pretty quickly.I hear what you are saying and in part I agree with it. It does seem foolish (and not in character) for Tywin to have Arya as his cup bearer - made even more so when it seems obvious he realized she was not a peasant girl but someone from the North - and probably of noble born - given her speech and her distinct lack of fear. Her first encounter with him already marked him out as she just stood there - staring at him in the prison pen.Since Tywin was a very smart man, he probably figured her out as noble born and from the North too... etc.. whose parents were probably killed by his troops.But it does help the storyline to have him and her side by side in the same room.While it does not seem plausible to us - it does make for good drama. And you know what really makes him excited? It is to see Masie Williams (Arya)'s acting with Dance (Tywin) - both are such superior actors. And wow, can Masie act!!!! In the hands of a lesser actor - ie the kid who played Anakin in Star Wars1 - it would have been embrassing to watch.But look at them. To see Williams hold her own against Dance (who is a vastly older actor) is simply gold. Casterly Rock gold. That's worth the price of admission imho.If I had written that HBO scene - I still would have Tywin choosing Arya but not as cup bearer but as a page (boy) - it would have shown a more humane compassionate part of Tywin than a simply ruthless cold blooded warlord. (Hey, even Hitler liked dogs and children /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1166	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-01	Wait, people are actually expecting that Tywin Freaking Lannister, the richest, most powerful Lord in the Seven Kingdoms, to interpret the statement of "anyone can be killed" as a threat?  The man is arrogance personified.  The thought that a lowly cupbearer is even capable of threatening him would never even occur to him.I liked the scene. But a lowly cupbearer fetches and serves food and drink - poisoning is always a possibility. It made sense for Roose Bolton to make Arya-Nan his cupbearer - she'd risked her life to free his men from the dungeons of Harrenhal. Without her, Bolton could not have gained Harrenhal. He had no reason to mistrust her and his men were expecting her to be rewarded. It makes very little sense for Tywin Lannister to ride into Harrenhal and choose a random prisoner to bring him his wine. It makes even less sense for Tywin to continue doing so after he finds out that the random prisoner is a Northener - he's waging war against the lords of the North. Tywin Lannister is a man who can not bear to be laughed at or mocked, as the shade of his wife informs Jaime. The idea that he'd calmly accept a little girl's presumption simply isn't believable.Like I said, I liked the scene quite a bit but that was because of the impressive screen presence of Charles Dance and the fine acting of both Dance and Maisie Williams, not because the scene was realistic or plausible.
1167	Independent George	2012-05-02	I liked the scene. But a lowly cupbearer fetches and serves food and drink - poisoning is always a possibility. It made sense for Roose Bolton to make Arya-Nan his cupbearer - she'd risked her life to free his men from the dungeons of Harrenhal. Without her, Bolton could not have gained Harrenhal. He had no reason to mistrust her and his men were expecting her to be rewarded. It makes very little sense for Tywin Lannister to ride into Harrenhal and choose a random prisoner to bring him his wine. It makes even less sense for Tywin to continue doing so after he finds out that the random prisoner is a Northener - he's waging war against the lords of the North. Tywin Lannister is a man who can not bear to be laughed at or mocked, as the shade of his wife informs Jaime. The idea that he'd calmly accept a little girl's presumption simply isn't believable.What risk? I've seen a lot of people mention that she could poison him. How? Where would she get the poison? How would she know how to make it? How could she put a lethal dose in his drink without him tasting it?What presumption? He asked her a question. She answered, and made eye contact. It's only a threat if you already know it's Arya, and not some random orphaned northern girl.
1168	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-02	But then I disagree with your conclusion;...Because the magic and mysterious origins you referenced earlier are already in the books; not in the writing staff meetings of HBO.But isn't that an argument against the writing of the TV show? The source material is not only very strong, it contains built-in advantages for high drama such as the mystery of Jon Snow's birth. Discard those elements and you discard much of what makes the story so good.I honestly get tired of people comparing the Wire to GoT because1) the Wire was terrific because of REALISM... People compared it to a social documentary. No way that applies to dragons and face-changers.If it were only because of the realism, any social documentary would be better. The Wire is a superior show for a number of other reasons as well, which I mentioned in the previous post.2) the comparisons are superficial because they are often only about the amount of characters and plotlines. No one takes into account, for instance, that the Wire was succesful in showing the way different worlds were actually interwoven and affected each other. In GoT, we still just have several scattered stories and many  do not affect each other directly (dany&jon are obvious examples).To me, the stories in GoT seem very much interwoven, much more so than those in The Wire. Most of the characters are participants in the same civil war and most are either enemies or allies in that war. Dany has spent the last 5 books trying to become a participant in that war. All are menaced, whether they know it or not, by a threat from the north of the world, etc.Referencing the Wire seems to be the purist shield against changes in the adaptation. No one is saying that TV can't be complex. It's just that more characters and more little details =/ complexity. Complexity is, among other things, about character development, emotional upheaval and moral ambiguity. It's not about a larger cast and more events.The point I was trying to make isn't that complexity and huge casts are good things in and of themselves, but that TV is perfectly capable of telling complex, slow-burning stories with a huge cast and doing it extremely well, instead of taking the easy way out and  then blaming it on the supposed inability of TV audiences to keep up. The Wire proved that emphatically.
1169	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	OTOH, Tywin seems... I guess intrigued is the best word with Arya.  He has been from the moment he met her.  I know it seems out of character for Tywin to let insolence slide, but perhaps this is why he did.As quickly as he susses out her lies, you'd think he'd put 2 and 2 together.There's a line from I believe ASOS.  It says how Tywin never smiled, but very rarely, he'd threaten to smile, and when he did, it was terrible to behold (paraphrasing).  Charles Dance nailed that.I like this new addition to the plot - it certainly makes Tywin less 2 dimensional -  in the books it was written that Tywin changed after his wife died (giving birth to Tyrion) - so I'm thinking that this funny relationship between Tywin and Arya brings out the old Tywin.It looks a bit like a Lion playing with a lamb (or wolf cub).
1170	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	OTOH, Tywin seems... I guess intrigued is the best word with Arya.  He has been from the moment he met her.  I know it seems out of character for Tywin to let insolence slide, but perhaps this is why he did.As quickly as he susses out her lies, you'd think he'd put 2 and 2 together.It would seem a bit of a stretch to imagine that he would deduce that "the little girl" was Ned Stark's younger daughter. The idea that she could have escaped only to end up on his lap is too incredible to be true.There would have been thousands of young boys and girls serving in the Northern forces as servants, or in auxilllary forces - Tywin would of course realize that Arya was of noble birth by the way she talked and her confidence in front of him, but guessing she was Ned Stark's own daughter through just casual conversation? I'm not so sure he could, esp. since Arya is pretty smart.
					
					
							Edited by lyvyathan, 02 May 2012 - 05:47 AM.
1171	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	I don't think that anyone believes Tywin should have been scared of Arya's veiled threat, but realistically he wouldn't tolerate the insolence and disrespect, especially in front of his council.  Just as in season 1 when he goes to war over Tyrion because the house cannot be made to look weak, being threatened by your cup bearer in front of your bannermen would deserve punishment, even if he didn't personally feel threatened at all.  It was a very well acted scene, but it was also a pretty unrealistic one, even before the threat.  Some how I find it hard to imagine book Tywin caring what a peasant girl thinks about anything, much less interviewing her in front of the his bannermen.  Plus it completely contradicts Arya's state of mind pre-Jaqen where she is a beaten, scared mouse.But for him to retailiate on a small little girl for a perceived insolence might not be Tywin's style. Afterall if he really was that horrible he should have had her executed when she did not bend the knee the moment she saw him (in the prison pen along with the other prisoners who did pay fealty)Arya was just responding to the question - although you could take her reply as a double edged sword.Tywin is just very bemused by Arya and her intelligence. That's good isn't it?
1172	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	I'm still not sure what I think of this scene.  I do know I love both of the actors though, so it's fun to watch no matter what. I have two conflicting thoughts on this.I would suspect Tywin, like most high lords, really doesn't even acknowledge the existence of low-born people unless they have the gall to say something (like Arya to Roose when she wasn't spoken to).  From my perspective, I have always seen Tywin as very aloof and not giving a damn about most people around him, especially low-born.  I can't imagine him going up to prisoners and questioning them about their professions as soon as he arrives at Harrenhal.  I also can't imagine book Tywin caring at all what a cupbearer thinks.  And to the people that have said Tywin is ruthless but not cruel, I think he is quite cruel.  Look at the things he's done to Tyrion.  Having your guardsmen fuck the girl your son's in love with?  That's disgusting.  I don't think I ever recall him being amiable to anyone, not even his own children.  Hell, Cersei and Jaime are just pretty pawns for him.  I also think that there might have been some repercussions for Arya speaking to him like that.  It wasn't downright threatening, but she did lie to him.  I notice in the show it is a lot more common for small folk to get sassy and rude with high nobility....even kings.  On the other hand, book Tywin is practical.  He's not a psychopath like Joffrey and will seize opportunities when he sees them.  We have never really seen him interact with small folk, so I guess we don't really know how he would act.  Maybe he would ask a cupbearer her thoughts.  That's a very Robb/Ned Stark thing to do, so maybe Tywin is like that too.  I don't know.  I kind of have a feeling the show is trying to make him more likable, but maybe that's just coincidence.  Maybe they're trying to make him even more grey and conflicting.  Whatever.  Either way, I like TV & book Tywin, but I'm just trying to figure out if he's really that different from book Tywin, or if it's just a side of him we haven't seen in the books.In the book, Tywin changed a lot after his wife died giving birth to Tyrion. His brutal treatment of Tysha was in part due to his rage at Tyrion, the son he (wrongfully) held responsible for the death of his wife.Whilst Tywin is responsible for the brutal massacres of the Riverrun folk - it doesn't necessarily follow that he will show utter disregard to the treatment of Gregor's prisoners. In the book - Tywin is also mentioned showing a bit of "remorse" of some sort that Gregor raped the Doran princess.
1173	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	Glad I wasn't the only one who noticed.  Westeros is a land where threatening a high lord with "anyone can be killed," while just outing yourself as a Northerner, can get you executed as a matter of course.  Even Ilyn Payne did less and got his tongue removed.  Also stupid that crazy girl who just threatened you is now charged with finding water for my lord.  Absurd.Ilyn Payne had his tongue removed by mad King Aerys who also had random people burnt alive. Not the same.Besides being outed as a Northerner wasn't a big surprise - afterall Tywin found her in the POW prison pen.
1174	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	I liked the TV scene. It was fun to watch.But when you think about it, it wasn't right. In the books, the whole theme of the Harrenhal chapters was: constant fear of getting killed for no reason at all. Just looking at the wrong person at the wrong time could be fatal. And the only way to survive is to not be noticed. With so many lunatics amongst the Mountain's men, you can never be sure that one of them suddenly gets the urge to torture or kill you. So Gendry and Arya hang low. They try to be invisible. The Tywin/Arya scene completely removes that theme, imho.Another weird effect is this. For Tywin Lannister, the war with Rob Stark is his prime concern. His second concern is getting his son Jaime back. One of the main methods to get him back would have been to trade Jaime for one or more Starks. They got Sansa, but Arya is missing. He is aware of that. Tyrion and a few others have been discussing such a trade. If only they had Ayra. And suddenly, in front of Tywin is a group of refugees/travelers known to be coming from King's Landing, with a girl from the North who tries to hide her own identity ? That should ring bells inside Tywin's head immediately. The first thing he would do is sent Ayra to the Tickler and torture her to get her real name out. For me, this would be the logical followup of the Tywin/Arya scene. But that won't be happening in the tv-series.This is one of the small details why I think you can't just add or change small things from the books. Martin took years to write a book. I am sure he thought of the consistency of every scene (knowingly, or maybe even, after all these years, unconsciously).Well, they weren't aware that they all came from KL - afterall they were all lumped together in the prison pen with the other POWs - and the Lannister troops were more interested in getting info about gold and the whereabouts of partisan forces and for the sheer macbre fun of killing prisoners. That's why they tortured Gentry without even bothering to ascertain his origin.Point 2, if Tywin had given Arya over to the Tickler he probably wouldn't have much of her left after he had "questioned" her. (Hence his disgust at the wasteful disposal of good workers)
1175	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	What would he do if he did find out she was Arya? Send her to Robb and Cat with a peace offer or marry her to Tommen? Or something else?He'd probably do exactly that - he definitely disagreed with the idea of executing Ned Stark. And he's probably fishing around for a diplomatic solution.
1176	I'm the Ghost in Harrenhal	2012-05-02	I liked the TV scene. It was fun to watch.But when you think about it, it wasn't right. In the books, the whole theme of the Harrenhal chapters was: constant fear of getting killed for no reason at all. Just looking at the wrong person at the wrong time could be fatal. And the only way to survive is to not be noticed. With so many lunatics amongst the Mountain's men, you can never be sure that one of them suddenly gets the urge to torture or kill you. So Gendry and Arya hang low. They try to be invisible. The Tywin/Arya scene completely removes that theme, imho.To me the line was an affirmation of your point not against it. With everything thats been going on around her, she realizes no one is safe. She has been watching people die every day via the Tickler and The Mountain, her father just died, Yoren died etc. And if were going by the show purely.. Tywin just saved one of her only friends, and likely herself from a horrible death. I don't think she is threatening him, she is just stating the cold hard facts of what has become her life.Robb isn't invincible. Seems to me she is stating that realization.Couple that with her final scene with Gendry.. cold interaction, to the point, kind of saying to him: be prepared anything can happen.
1177	Sirielle	2012-05-02	My issue is her pronunciation of "my lord" not "m'lord" - it was referred to as a big deal in the books marking someone as not of small folk and there goes AryaArya doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know enough to fake the speech of a lowborn; sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just too young for that.  Doubtless Tywin notices, is intrigued, and continues to observe her to find out who she really is.I believe Tywin noticed her way of speaking being different, that's why he wanted her for his cup-bearer - a smart girl, perhaps coming from servants - or even members - of highborn people is a better servant than a village girl. But he will not find out who she is, I second the double-facepalm way of events Independent George described /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I wonder if Roose in the book realized who she was? Or realized he had her captured and let escape after he learned Arya was missing. (I don't remember if he knew of her escape from KL when she was his cup bearer.) Got to re-read it one day, for I didn't remember this scene at all.Also I wonder if in this course of events Roose will take Harrenhall and Arya with it.Edit.And Blangadanger is right - TV-Tywin is different form the book one. Most of characters are different, so it's natural they behave differently to the book originals. I really like the TV-Tywin and it makes me sad Tyrion will get that crossbow from Varys in the SoF. Tywin was probably the only person who could bring order in the kingdoms. In a harsh way, but he would finally bring peace, like he manged to do in mad king times. Did Varys gave that crossbow to Tyrion especially, hoping Tyrion would make a use of it? I wonder how much of this will be Varys work, how much coincidence, given the last scene in ADWD.And I don't think it necessarily seemed like a threat to Tywin. As others have said, he expected her to be fierce, as he pegged her for a northerner. He finds her mildly amusing; that's why he chose her for his cupbearer. She held the stare a bit long. Perhaps this sad girl is a bit more interesting? Or maybe just for the moment.Completely agree! I'm with those who see it more as Arya realizing the cold truth, than threatening anyone. At least I didn't have impression she intended to threaten Tywin.
					
					
							Edited by Sirielle, 02 May 2012 - 11:01 AM.
1178	gogorath	2012-05-02	Huh?  The theme of the Harrenhal chapters was "lie low?"
I'm pretty sure the whole point of those chapters is that Arya is beginning to find a way to take control of her life again -- initially through the agency of Jaqen H'gar, then by turning the tables on him and asserting herself.
Holding the gaze of Tywin Lannister is a tiny little step of taking control of her situation.  Having Jaqen kill the Tickler is the next.  Right up through Weasel Soup and eventually her leaving Harrenhal on her own terms.
1179	Milgod morghulis	2012-05-02	Wait, people are actually expecting that Tywin Freaking Lannister, the richest, most powerful Lord in the Seven Kingdoms, to interpret the statement of "anyone can be killed" as a threat?  The man is arrogance personified.  The thought that a lowly cupbearer is even capable of threatening him would never even occur to him.It was a fantastic scene.  It speaks to Arya's state of mind, shows Tywin's pragmatism, and sets up an epic moment a few episodes down the road when Tywin learns that Arya escaped and puts it together.Couldn't say anymore than that. Spot on.
1180	Morrigan	2012-05-02	Wait, people are actually expecting that Tywin Freaking Lannister, the richest, most powerful Lord in the Seven Kingdoms, to interpret the statement of "anyone can be killed" as a threat?  The man is arrogance personified.  The thought that a lowly cupbearer is even capable of threatening him would never even occur to him.Exactly.Besides, Tywin would have interpreted that as, "this girl is smart enough to know that stories of invincible wolf-riders are just that, stories, and even the Young Wolf battle-winning Robb Stark can be killed". The viewers, from our omniscient POV, would know Arya meant it as a veiled threat, because we know she has Jaqen on her side, but Tywin has no way of knowing that and he wouldn't ever feel threatened by a child servant anyway. People complaining about the scene are missing the point.
1181	boojam	2012-05-02	I don't think the scene was out of character for Tywin either.Remember, Tywin is, above all things, smart. And most smart people ask questions and then listen.Absolutely amazing scene and maybe my favorite from the 2 seasons so far.I think D&D have created a very complex dynamic.Remember in the books high born can recognize other high born by level of elocution and diction.Tywin notices some inflection or accent that marks Arya as northern, then tries to get her to revel what house she is from. All she admits to is  being from Maidenpool which is in the Riverlands, so he knows that's not the right answer.  Then she says Barrowton and knows its House Dustin and it's sigil, but she never admits she is of House Dustin.Does he suspect she is a Stark? She is apparently someone out of the ordinary ... obviously not of the small people, she does not grovel or use the wrong language or flinch.Tywin likes spunk and seemingly the aristocracy so he seems to like her. I am thinking he has her pegged for Arya Stark ... boy! how are D&D going to wangle their way through this one?I could be he figures she can't get away and maybe even leaves someone to watch her , when he leaves, but Jaqen can take care of that.Odd, he just calls her 'girl' ,never asking her name.Complicated.One has to think what Charles Dance thinks of Maisie Williams?He won his spurs at Royal Shakespeare Company , I think he will recommend her.
							Edited by boojam, 02 May 2012 - 08:04 PM.
1182	Dragonstar	2012-05-02	This scene absolutely slayed it. For a young actress to bring so much unspoken menace to a scene - and to foreshadow so much - is astounding.
Guys - the series is an ADAPTATION. Thankfully they have decided to stay faithful in places and take liberties in others. A literal page-by-page recreation would not make for compelling television. Tom Bombadil did not make it into the LOTR movies, and many scenes in the books and movies were markedly different - but no one can argue that the movies stayed true to the spirit of the books, and that they also stand as works of art on their own as well.
I'm so pleased with this season - so much more action, flawless acting and great casting. If I get frustrated with Dany, it is only in the same way that I get frustrated with her in the books.
1183	The Knight of Grasses	2012-05-03	Best scene in the episode.  Maybe in the season.  Loved it.
As for whether or not it's realistic, I think there's an argument to be made either way, and given how fantastic a scene it was, I choose believability.  Here's my rationale:
First, Tywin has already praised Arya for playacting to survive.  Why would it be any different when she lies about her heritage?  He doesn't have anything to fear from her.  She's a servant girl.  He appreciates her moxie as long as she's not a threat.  And there's not reason to think of a 10-year-old girl as a threat to Tywin F***ing Lannister.
Second, Tywin asks her a question and Arya responds.  It's possible that in their staredown afterwards, he's sizing her up, asking himself why this little girl would doubt the invincibility of her King.  Or maybe a realization that this girl's life has been completely torn apart by war; of COURSE she would be fatalistic about that kind of thing.
Third, even if he does interpret her statement as insolence, there's a fine line he needs to walk.  On the one hand, he doesn't want to allow talkback from his servants.  But on the other, it would seem fairly pathetic for Tywin to allow a little girl to get him upset in front of his captains.  He can be brutal, yes, but that brutality always seems to be cool and calculated, purposeful.  You would never see Tywin Lannister over-react to some meaningless comment from a serving girl.
I thought the scene fit both characters perfectly.  Most other lords would have backhanded Arya, or worse.  But Tywin is different.  He rarely acts out of passion.
And Arya is just a bad ass.
1184	lyvyathan	2012-05-03	One has to think what Charles Dance thinks of Maisie Williams?He won his spurs at Royal Shakespeare Company , I think he will recommend her.I suspect he thinks of her very highly.Postscript - actually he in fact does - I just saw the interview where CD complements Williams.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qEzpu4H9gGgLook at her - can she act!!! While she is still a very young actor she is still holding her own against Dance and its so beautiful to watch the two in action.They are such incredible actors that even if they killed off the entire cast and had them act in a offshoot subplot of ASOIAF, I'd still watch it. Thank God for HBO!!!!
					
					
							Edited by lyvyathan, 04 May 2012 - 07:23 PM.
1185	boojam	2012-05-03	Guys - the series is an ADAPTATION. Thankfully they have decided to stay faithful in places and take liberties in others. A literal page-by-page recreation would not make for compelling television. Tom Bombadil did not make it into the LOTR movies, and many scenes in the books and movies were markedly different - but no one can argue that the movies stayed true to the spirit of the books, and that they also stand as works of art on their own as well.I'm so pleased with this season - so much more action, flawless acting and great casting. If I get frustrated with Dany, it is only in the same way that I get frustrated with her in the books.Thank god! that Tom Bombadil did not make it into LTOR, I almost stopped reading Fellowship of the Ring when that story killing character came up. Peter Jackson left him out for time's sake, he says, but I think he recognized he was a character that needed the hook!
1186	boojam	2012-05-03	Best scene in the episode.  Maybe in the season.  Loved it.As for whether or not it's realistic, I think there's an argument to be made either way, and given how fantastic a scene it was, I choose believability.  Here's my rationale:First, Tywin has already praised Arya for playacting to survive.  Why would it be any different when she lies about her heritage?  He doesn't have anything to fear from her.  She's a servant girl.  He appreciates her moxie as long as she's not a threat.  And there's not reason to think of a 10-year-old girl as a threat to Tywin F***ing Lannister.Second, Tywin asks her a question and Arya responds.  It's possible that in their staredown afterwards, he's sizing her up, asking himself why this little girl would doubt the invincibility of her King.  Or maybe a realization that this girl's life has been completely torn apart by war; of COURSE she would be fatalistic about that kind of thing.Third, even if he does interpret her statement as insolence, there's a fine line he needs to walk.  On the one hand, he doesn't want to allow talkback from his servants.  But on the other, it would seem fairly pathetic for Tywin to allow a little girl to get him upset in front of his captains.  He can be brutal, yes, but that brutality always seems to be cool and calculated, purposeful.  You would never see Tywin Lannister over-react to some meaningless comment from a serving girl.I thought the scene fit both characters perfectly.  Most other lords would have backhanded Arya, or worse.  But Tywin is different.  He rarely acts out of passion.And Arya is just a bad ass.It's noticeable that this all comes just seconds after he has dismissed one of his officers and a relative for being a wimp.I would note one thing, in interviews Dance has said that D&D wanted to make Tywin a less one dimensional character than in the books. Not going to be a softie but more complex.With Dance in your cast you can mine that gold.
1187	Sirielle	2012-05-03	The viewers, from our omniscient POV, would know Arya meant it as a veiled threat, because we know she has Jaqen on her sideNot yet, when the scene happens she doesn't know of his presence yet. Sure readers do now what can happen later, but not the non-reading audience. And definitely TV-Aria has no idea of chances in front of her. If this happened after the talk with Jaqen and Ticker's death, then it would have been a threat. As it happened it was Arya realizing no one is safe.
1188	imbs	2012-05-03	I suspect he thinks of her very highly.Look at her - can she act!!! While she is still a very young actor she is still holding her own against Dance and its so beautiful to watch the two in action.They are such incredible actors that even if they killed off the entire cast and had them act in a offshoot subplot of ASOIAF, I'd still watch it. Thank God for HBO!!!!There was an interview with Maisie where the interviewer says that she is Dance's favourite actor in the series. How true that is i don't know for sure, but it isn't suprising really. Maisie has been amazing and if you compare her to other similarly aged actors in other medias like Harry Potter, it is obvious that she is in a completely different league.
1189	lyvyathan	2012-05-03	Yes, itThere was an interview with Maisie where the interviewer says that she is Dance's favourite actor in the series. How true that is i don't know for sure, but it isn't suprising really. Maisie has been amazing and if you compare her to other similarly aged actors in other medias like Harry Potter, it is obvious that she is in a completely different league.Yes it is. I googled it and its on youtube. Here's the link: (But if the link gets damaged - just google Charles Dance Game of Thrones interview)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qEzpu4H9gGg
1190	Jennelyn	2012-05-03	Loved the scene! Was it realistic? It seems to me unlikely that he would converse or care much for his cupbearer. The fact that he was asking the questions made me think he knew she was Arya. As for him letting her speak to him in that way, I didn't see this as a threat to him at all. He asked questions, she answered honestly. I would think he liked the way she answered. No, I don't believe he can't be killed, because anyone can be killed. The girl is grounded and doesn't believe in silly stories. Tywin's kind of girl!
1191	House Snow	2012-05-03	Put me in the who cares if it was realistic camp.  Sometimes you got to make a scene just because it would be awesome.  I don't know if Littlefinger and Varys would banter like they did in season 1 either, but it was awesome to watch.  And I totally endorse the writers making chance meetingss by awesome players occur in the future, even if they don't happen in the book.  Lighten up people.
1192	Morrigan	2012-05-03	Not yet, when the scene happens she doesn't know of his presence yet. Sure readers do now what can happen later, but not the non-reading audience. And definitely TV-Aria has no idea of chances in front of her. If this happened after the talk with Jaqen and Ticker's death, then it would have been a threat. As it happened it was Arya realizing no one is safe.Oh, good call. So people have even less reasons to complain about the scene, really.
1193	arya horsefaceless	2012-05-04	In defense of Tywin (errrmmm, am I saying those words...?), most battle commanders in these kinds of situations are all about 'rah, rah, go get-em, we're the best!' It always reminds me of football coaches. NOT Daddy Lannister. He finds a little Northerner in the prisoner swamp, brings her inside the big house, and then questions her about what the Northerners are saying... He's not looking for 'rah-rah, we're the best' crap, he wants to hear what the enemy is thinking, he's probing, probing, looking for a weakness.And it makes me sick to think about, truly it does, but I think tv-Ayra gave it to him. 'Anybody Can Be Killed.' I think/fear HBO is setting it up that her words in that moment gave him the perfect answer. He's losing badly to Robb, Robb's troops love him, the war is dragging on and on--how to make a quick end to everything? Simple. A little girl gave him the answer--Anybody Can Be Killed. His snake-cold stare at her didn't seem to me that he was hearing a personal threat from her--it seemed to me that he was hearing... an idea. Anybody Can Be Killed. Honestly, I saw in his eyes the wheels, gears, cogs we see in the opening credits, gears within gears, plans within plans. Anybody Can Be Killed. Tywin heard it, from a Northerner, and he took it in--began to work with it. But, how to do it? How to do it?  I believe HBO is setting the stage that this was the moment RW was conceived In Tywin's mind. And the cruel irony is that in HBO's version, tv-Ayra provided the spark.[/color]George is unbearably cruel to the Starks. But, HBO? You guys are.. you're just.. I can't even.. I mean, I can't.. honest to god...If my interpretation is on target,  when Tywin gets the news after RW, he will do his snake-cold stare and say: Anybody Can Be KilledThis...the first thing I thought of with this scene is the Red Wedding.
1194	Storms End	2012-05-04	ASOIAF has always been honest.  It isn't the place where children get to make cool speeches and the whole room sits back and says "Damn, that was dramatic, that little kid sure is a badass."  Anyone can be killed.  And when you're a peasant lying to, staring down, and threatening Lord Tywin Lannister, Shield of Lannisport and Warden of the West, you're killed pretty quickly.To be honest he allowed her to speak her mind, and I think he understood only too well why she lied, she feared if she said she was from the north she'd be harmed, he's not stupid.I doubt he'd start what seemed to be an important and long war council with the random killing of a serving girl, it proves no point and it's not his style.Some people are too uptight about changes, the author himself accepts it and enjoys it, if you have reason to doubt I suggest you watch this interview, http://www.youtube.c...&feature=g-vrec
					
					
							Edited by Storms End, 04 May 2012 - 07:22 PM.
1195	Holmes	2012-05-04	Thought the scene was pretty good, but:
1. If I was Tywin, and some little girl had just given me the stinkeye and claimed "anyone can be killed", you bet your bottom dollar it would be her.
2. I'm trying to get away from book purity, but I'm re-reading ACoK, and Arya sees a northman up on the walls of Harrenhal, sees his sigil, doesn't know it, and recalls being bored and unattentive during lessons from their Septa and wishing the lesson would end.  Sansa would know, she thinks.  But she doesn't.  She only knows Lord Cerwyn.   So her whole Maidenpool/Dustin line is totally out of character for her.
1196	Brian Of Tard	2012-05-04	Thought the scene was pretty good, but:1. If I was Tywin, and some little girl had just given me the stinkeye and claimed "anyone can be killed", you bet your bottom dollar it would be her.2. I'm trying to get away from book purity, but I'm re-reading ACoK, and Arya sees a northman up on the walls of Harrenhal, sees his sigil, doesn't know it, and recalls being bored and unattentive during lessons from their Septa and wishing the lesson would end.  Sansa would know, she thinks.  But she doesn't.  She only knows Lord Cerwyn.   So her whole Maidenpool/Dustin line is totally out of character for her.I too thought that scene was brilliant.To 1): "Anyone can be killed" was the exact answer Tywin wanted to hear. When she says that line, he is actually looking at his lords and smiling. It is only something in her following stare that makes him ... uncomfortable, or irritated (not necessarily threatened). There is tension, but nothing really tangible for him.And 2): That she doesn't know every random northern sigil doesn't mean she doesn't know ANY northern sigil. Dustin is one of the major northern houses, like Bolton or Manderly. She has to know the sigils from those houses, if not from lessons, then from daily life at least. At that moment, she can freely choose, and she choses a house where she happens to know the sigil.Other thoughts:- Tywin now knows that she is from somewhere in the North, but not from Barrowtown. Probably highborn. (that second lie came too freely and without hesitation, he will see through that)- It will be interesting to see how / why Tywin doesn't follow the Tickler in Aryas list.- "Anyone can be killed" was, in my opinion, definitely meant as a threat. It was, I think, at least half-recognized as such (by Tywin himself, not by anyone else present). It will be interesting to see why Arya doesn't end up on Tywins "list" either.
1197	nubreed000	2012-05-05	I'm more curious as to how/why Tywin won't be picked as 1 of the remaining 2 "death wishes" Arya has from Jaqen. VERRRRY curious how the producers will get out of that 1. Arya isn't stupid. She knows that taking out Tywin would pretty much guarantee victory for her brother.
1198	Nebmai	2012-05-05	Actually she doesn't know taking out Tywin would guarantee victory; we the audience have a better idea on this, especially those of us who've seen what has happened after book 3.
1199	boojam	2012-05-05	I'm more curious as to how/why Tywin won't be picked as 1 of the remaining 2 "death wishes" Arya has from Jaqen. VERRRRY curious how the producers will get out of that 1. Arya isn't stupid. She knows that taking out Tywin would pretty much guarantee victory for her brother.That's the way it happens in the novel too, Tywin is there long enough for Arya to have picked him. Even Ser Gregor is long enough for Arya to have picked him, and she had seen his work in Arya VI. Even Vargo Hoat could have been taken out.She picks two are the nearest ones to her who are tormenting her. In the book she realizes she could have picked Tywin and decides to make her last choice count. And she does in a gem of a trick on Jaqen that leads to one of the best sequences in the boo.As for the show Tickler was logical, tho as people have noted that has a butterfly effect. So on the show she made a better choice than in the book. Unless they introduce a new villain Ser Amory is the only villain from an earlier episode prominent enough to choose.Need to keep Tywin for one of the best scenes involving Tyrion in the whole of SoS.Need to keep The Mountain also for another of the best scenes in SoS.I never figured out why Jaqen keep any association with Biter and Rorge at all, he didn't seem to like them even in the novel. They are afraid of him, some FM mojo going on there. Jaqen could have worked his magic on more savory characters.I wonder if Biter and Rorge are going to be involved in Weasel Soup?In the novel I thought it should have just been Gendry, Arya and Jaqen. With Arya getting another kill, Gendry one, Jaqen taking care of the rest, hey, after all he is a FM.
1200	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-06	What risk? I've seen a lot of people mention that she could poison him. How? Where would she get the poison? How would she know how to make it? How could she put a lethal dose in his drink without him tasting it?She's his cupbearer - a position of great trust because endless opportunities exist to tamper with food and drink. With the lye used to make soap in the castle, with ground glass from any broken jar or window, with any of the numerous exotic poisons found in the chambers of the maesters, or from the pockets of the sell-swords crowding Harrenhall - even with nightsoil from the nearest privy, for that matter. And if the dose were lethal, why would the poisoner care whether her victim tasted it or not?Making an unknown prisoner into a personal cupbearer isn't an act of confidence or arrogance or anything else but dangerous recklessness. Weasel/Arry earned a position of trust with Roose Bolton in the book. She has done nothing to do so with Tywin in the show. Not plausible.What presumption? He asked her a question. She answered, and made eye contact. It's only a threat if you already know it's Arya, and not some random orphaned northern girl.This is applying our world's perspective to a world in which servants rarely even looked their masters in the eye, let alone stared them down. And Tywin is a man who did not tolerate familiarity even from his noble peers.I'm good with the scene because of the fine acting by both Maisie Williams and Charles Dance - his Tywin effortlessly possesses every scene he's in. But it does require an extra attempt to suspend disbelief even for a fantasy show because it isn't plausible.
1201	GreyWarden	2012-11-25	HBO's Tywin is such a BAMF and I'm glad they portrayed him as a commanding, ruthlessly cunning leader and not a villainous caricature. That scene, I agree, it was awesome and the change from Bolton to Lannister really amplified the entirety of the message behind it.
1202	StarkTagaryen	2012-12-07	Arya did run the risk of being killed for what she said to Tywin but it was too good to really get upset about you know?
1203	Bobble Head	2012-09-12	I have been re-watching season two on HBOGO and noticed something this time around that I had missed the first time. Pink cloaks on many guards (Including Jaqen) within Harrenhal. Perhaps they are faded cloaks?
	Spoiler Could this be HBO's small detail to show book fans that Bolton has already joined forces with Tywin Lanister?
I re-watched it several times trying to make sure they were in fact pink cloaks and after seeing some other cloaks, the mountain and Tywin himself for example, I am certain that these cloaks are PINK. Look for the scene when Arya scolds Jaqen for becoming a guard, his cloak and the men far off in the background (Jaqen says, "You did. I did, and here we are..." then pink cloaks walk into the shot). Then look at Lord Tywin's when he arrives at Harrenhal or the Mountain's when he is choosing who to kill next.  I could be wrong and the cloaks may just be faded.What do you think?
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 12 September 2012 - 03:47 PM.
1204	velki	2012-11-12	But why would Tywin be wearing a pink cloak in such case? I'd assume it's just a coincidence.
1205	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-02	So we finally saw the ancient stronghold in the show. Very epic I thought. As Sam said, beautiful views, even if they are equally deadly.Couldn't help but compare it to my own imagination and how it's current location will affect the story.Firstly, it seems to be more of a mountain than a hill. There is a sheer drop on one side meaning there will only be one direction from which you can enter and exit the stronghold. When the wights attack the encampment later on, how will Sam etc flee if there is only one way they can go? Down the sheer cliff face?Yeah, I never expected it to be that tall. A certain fan artist would disagree with me though: http://www.fantasyar...theFirstMen.jpgLooks kind of similar to the TV fortress.I always imagined a fortress in amongst the woods upon a small but imposing hill. Something like a Norman motte and bailey as we'd see them in our own times, aged and ruinous. Something like this: http://images.suite1..._castle_acr.jpgOr this: http://www.heritage-...se/1114_450.jpgOr this: http://www.ecastles....ristchurch1.jpgBut obviously with more snow etc.Just some observations. What did everybody else think of the show's Fist?
1206	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-06	Shameful self-bump with new YouTube link to the scene in question http://www.youtube.c...h?v=A5bEEHqNoss
1207	The Monkey	2012-05-06	Really breathtaking location they found. I also imagined it to be in the midst of a great forest, but when your get to have spectacular shots like these, does it really matter?
1208	boojam	2012-05-06	My guess is that , well I am sure it does, Island has to have a landscape close to what George describes.
But they went for the most cinematic-ally spectacular setting they set their eyes on.
The Frostfangs look right but figured they were more in the distance.
All the action at Fist takes place in SoS gives time to build a sort of semi fortress , because right now they look totally exposed.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 06 May 2012 - 04:33 PM.
1209	Eyron-sana<U+0080>a<U+009C><U+0080>a<U+009D>a®	2012-06-13	I think it was beautiful. But... It's supposed to be in a thick forest (that Jon thought looked like an enemy army ready to storm the hill) as mentioned, and the white walkers never left the forest in the books. They kept hidden among the trees. And in the books, on the top of the fist the brothers kept fires alive for all the north to see, which could be significant?
The cloak bundle Ghost found for Jon found was new, in a newly dug hole that looked like a shallow grave. Important?
In the show it seems like a very weird place to choose to build camp since it is not explained why Mormont chose that place specifically.
1210	udpaco13	2012-05-01	This is a major contridiction from the book series.  The FM are all about the Many Faced God aka Death aka the Great Other aka the opposite of the R'lohr(sp).  Anyone else upset by this?
1211	Independent George	2012-05-01	No, because, as has been noted several times in the episode discussion thread, it was taken almost word-for-word from the books."A man pays his debts. A man owes three.""Three?""The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the names, and a man will do the rest."
1212	Francys Targaryen	2012-05-01	A man mentioned the red god because he was about to be consumed by an inferno..
					
					
							Edited by Francys Targaryen, 01 May 2012 - 01:44 PM.
1213	Jon Snows Ghost	2012-05-01	Isn't he a servant of the Many Faced God? The Red God, Old Gods, The Seven......all the same to him I think
1214	Prince of the North	2012-05-01	A man mentioned the red god because he was about to be consumed by an inferno..Yes, this.  The Faceless Men view all gods as simply being different versions of the same thing - hence The Many-Faced God.  If Arya had given them the means to save themselves from drowning instead of burning Jaqen would mention that the Drowned God must be repaid three deaths instead of the Red God.
1215	Haberdasher	2012-05-01	Yes he follows the Many-Faced God, but if you were an FM, would you really go around announcing it? Of course not. I was concerned about it initially as well, but this "face" that he's using is a Braavosi (hence the speech style) and the red god is far more popular in essos than westeros so I'm ok with it. It's part of his cover.
1216	Mr. E	2012-05-01	As someone said earlier, it's also straight from the book.
1217	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-05-01	Yes he follows the Many-Faced God, but if you were an FM, would you really go around announcing it? Of course not. I was concerned about it initially as well, but this "face" that he's using is a Braavosi (hence the speech style) and the red god is far more popular in essos than westeros so I'm ok with it. It's part of his cover.it's not a matter of a cover. It is a fact, that three deaths were taken from R'Hllor, therefore the lives must be given. He is a FM. If someone where saved from drowning, he would have said, the drowned god.
1218	Reposado	2012-05-01	it's not a matter of a cover. It is a fact, that three deaths were taken from R'Hllor, therefore the lives must be given. He is a FM. If someone where saved from drowning, he would have said, the drowned god.maybe. but in the end. he says this line line in the book.
1219	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-05-01	maybe. but in the end. he says this line line in the book.I never said that he didn't. I know this.
1220	Zappotack	2012-05-01	Ok one thing I never got if they were saved from being burnt and sent to the red god. Shouldn't the 3 lives given be burnt to give him his due, if it were the god of death this would be different...
1221	Hyper	2012-05-01	Ok one thing I never got if they were saved from being burnt and sent to the red god. Shouldn't the 3 lives given be burnt to give him his due, if it were the god of death this would be different...Yes and No. The faceless men believe that all deities associated with death are the same god. So Ultimately the dead will go to the same destination, no matter how they die. The "red god" comment was just shorthand for death by fire.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 01 May 2012 - 11:41 PM.
1222	boojam	2012-05-02	This is a major contridiction from the book series.  The FM are all about the Many Faced God aka Death aka the Great Other aka the opposite of the R'lohr(sp).  Anyone else upset by this?So you have read books 4 and 5? ... The Faceless Men's philosophy has been complicated up since the time George wrote CoK.Let this sleeping dog lay.Argument about it has caused me nothing but grief.
1223	Zappotack	2012-05-02	Yes and No. The faceless men believe that all deities associated with death are the same god. So Ultimately the dead will go to the same destination, no matter how they die. The "red god" comment was just shorthand for death by fire.Oh thanks for clearing that up
1224	packersfan	2012-05-02	If straight from the book, GOOD...I heard him say that and was a little concerned.  I can't remember what he said in the book, so if it is right from the book, OKAY!  Great!
1225	Mr. E	2012-05-02	Yes and No. The faceless men believe that all deities associated with death are the same god. So Ultimately the dead will go to the same destination, no matter how they die. The "red god" comment was just shorthand for death by fire.See, now, I always interpreted it that Jaquen was a follower of R'Hollor, but understood that R'hollor (and the seven, Old Gods, etc.) was still just an aspect of the many-faced god.Akin to if I found out that Jesus, Odin, Allah, Zeus, etc. etc. were one many faced god...I'd still probably say I'm a follower of Jesus, even though I know that Jesus would be just one aspect of this whole god...did that make any sense?
1226	Hyper	2012-05-02	No I don't think that analogy works here. Followers of R'Hollor don't believe in multiple gods. Just theirs, and the 'evil one' - the opposite. This is a very different philosophy compared to the faceless men and many-faced god worship.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 02 May 2012 - 01:32 PM.
1227	bloocanary	2012-05-02	Yes he follows the Many-Faced God, but if you were an FM, would you really go around announcing it? Of course not. I was concerned about it initially as well, but this "face" that he's using is a Braavosi (hence the speech style) and the red god is far more popular in essos than westeros so I'm ok with it. It's part of his cover.Forgive my nitpickery, but he's actually using a Lorathi disguise. He says so when he introduces himself to Arya. But, as we know nothing about Lorath other than the fact that it's an island, it's possible that they follow the Red God there. But I think he'd refer to him as the Lord of Light if he were actually pretending to be a follower.Also, I don't think he ever bothers to actively hide that he's a FM to Arya, since he changes his face right in front of her later on.
1228	boojam	2012-05-02	Forgive my nitpickery, but he's actually using a Lorathi disguise. He says so when he introduces himself to Arya. But, as we know nothing about Lorath other than the fact that it's an island, it's possible that they follow the Red God there. But I think he'd refer to him as the Lord of Light if he were actually pretending to be a follower.Also, I don't think he ever bothers to actively hide that he's a FM to Arya, since he changes his face right in front of her later on.Some one should educate reviewers and commentators , who I guess have not read the book, that Jaqen is NOT a criminal.One of the teleplays should let the audience in on that some how and not wait until the Arya and Jaqen scene.Seems , not sure, even Arya figures that out, before that last scene, I think she is educated enough to know about the FM.He is, in fact, the most dangerous man in Harrenhal.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 02 May 2012 - 07:30 PM.
1229	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-03	Yes, this.  The Faceless Men view all gods as simply being different versions of the same thing - hence The Many-Faced God.  The FM are Hindus? Who knew?
1230	Brucolac	2012-05-03	I have no problem with them slimming down on religion for the show, three is enough.
1231	Prince of the North	2012-05-03	The FM are Hindus? Who knew?In a way, yes.  It was mentioned up-thread that the Faceless Men see all gods associated with death as being different versions of the same thing.  I don't think this is exactly it.  My understanding is that the Faceless Men see all gods as being different versions of the same thing and they recognize and respect them as such.  But the Faceless Men see one thing as being supreme above all else, even the gods, and that is death.  After all, everything eventually "dies", even gods.  The Faceless Men are dedicated to the worship of death.
1232	Ashen Shugar	2012-05-03	Or it could be that Jaquen was just using the red god as an excuse to get Arya to dip her toes into the assassin game and he doesn't believe that 3 lives were saved so 3 must be lost stuff. Doesn't really fit with the FM philosophy.
1233	Bambi	2012-05-04	Btw the actor (Jaquen) does a great job within the role, truly remarkable.
1234	protar	2012-05-06	I have no problem with them slimming down on religion for the show, three is enough.So you'd like Arya to be trained by the Red Priests? That would be quite a deviation. And an unnecessary one. People manage to keep track of 6 main religions in real life + atheism; is it so hard to keep track of 4 fictional ones?
1235	Honey Badger	2012-05-06	It's kept a bit muddy in the books, probably on purpose.  The Red God is supposed to be one, while the Many-Faced God worshiped by the Faceless Men could have some similarity to the Seven, as the seven could just be different aspects of the same thing, rather than a true polytheist religion.  At least that's been compared and discussed in the books.  The wildlings and the children have the old gods and their trees for spying.  I wonder if they're all praying to the same god(s), just using a different interpretation.
1236	GreenDream	2012-06-04	In the last episode, episode 10, Jaqen mentions the "Red God" again. He says, " A girl has many names on her lips. Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister, Illyn Payne, The Hound. Names to offer up to the Red God. She could offer them all, one by one."
This reference to the red god troubles me. It sounds as though Jaqen and the faceless men serve the Red God. As well as the Red God being the god of death. It would upset me if they make Jaqen a follower of R'llor same as Melisandre. I wonder what Martin's thoughts are on this reference. If he's ok with it, that's fine, maybe it's an insight to the Red God...
1237	catstory	2012-04-30	Who is the masked lady who confronts Jorah Mormount? I don't remember her from the books at all.
1238	kungtotte	2012-04-30	Quaithe.
1239	Thunderfist	2012-04-30	I liked her mask btw, really freaky and cool
1240	sarah.jenice	2012-04-30	I was so happy Quaithe made an appearance because I was worried they cut her. I look forward to her speaking with Dany and giving her the instructions on how to get to Westeros.
1241	sbjackdaw	2012-04-30	I like the actress, but the look of the mask was a surprise to me. It's repeatedly described as a red lacquer mask in the books. I imagined it like a Japanese Kabuki theatre type mask, but all red. Her show mask has a serious S&M kind of vibe.
1242	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	Yeah, I don't even remember how I pictured her in my mind back then, this creepy/odd mask works really well for me though.
1243	Hyper	2012-04-30	I liked the mask. Exotic and cool, yet unsettling.
1244	Morrigan	2012-04-30	Didn't like the mask much, thought it looked goofy... but I was still glad to see Quaithe. She had a cool voice.
1245	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	I liked the Quaithe bit...she seemed weird and mysterious, almost alien, which is the exact vibe you want to achieve with that character.Incidentally, I didn't make the gimp mask connection at all until a ton of folks on Twitter and half the people here made that comparison.  So now I'll never be able to look at her the same way again.  Thanks a lot pervs!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1246	Fez	2012-04-30	Since her original appearance was cut I assumed she wasn't in the show (particularly since in the books it doesn't appear that Dany ever actually will go East first), so I was pleasantly surprised to see her.  I really liked the mask too.
1247	catstory	2012-04-30	Thanks for the answer. Did we know that she was cast? If not, I wonder if this means that the Reeds might still have a chance of being in this season and their casting was just not announced. I can imagine them coming in to befriend Bran right before Theon gets there and then helping him escape.  I can't wait for the House of the Undying scene. And am I wrong in thinking Ser Barristan and Strong Belwas will also come in at the end of this season?
1248	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	Thanks for the answer. Did we know that she was cast? If not, I wonder if this means that the Reeds might still have a chance of being in this season and their casting was just not announced. I can imagine them coming in to befriend Bran right before Theon gets there and then helping him escape.  I can't wait for the House of the Undying scene. And am I wrong in thinking Ser Barristan and Strong Belwas will also come in at the end of this season?Yes, Laura Pradelska was announced as Quaithe back in June or July of last year.
1249	GoldenFleece	2012-04-30	Thanks for the answer. Did we know that she was cast? If not, I wonder if this means that the Reeds might still have a chance of being in this season and their casting was just not announced. I can imagine them coming in to befriend Bran right before Theon gets there and then helping him escape.  I can't wait for the House of the Undying scene. And am I wrong in thinking Ser Barristan and Strong Belwas will also come in at the end of this season?In the books Ser Barristan and Strong Belwas come in at the end of the 2nd book at the Qarth port.
1250	Greenseer Stark	2012-04-30	Thanks for the answer. Did we know that she was cast? If not, I wonder if this means that the Reeds might still have a chance of being in this season and their casting was just not announced. I can imagine them coming in to befriend Bran right before Theon gets there and then helping him escape.  I can't wait for the House of the Undying scene. And am I wrong in thinking Ser Barristan and Strong Belwas will also come in at the end of this season?DB Weiss and David Benioff have said that they haven't cut characters from the story, but due to the huge increase in characters this season they are simply prolonging their introduction into the series and only having the really necessary characters.  I think that they will introduce the Reeds next season somewhere along the journey after the events at Winterfell.
1251	Greenseer Stark	2012-04-30	Also agree that Quaithe looked mysterious and the voice was awesome, but a red mask would have really set it off!
1252	Arkash	2012-04-30	I too really liked Quaithe, and since she's somehow visually easily reminded, I guess the showrunners are setting her future dreamy apperances with Dany.
1253	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	I wish Quaithe had had Shiera Seastarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mismatched eyes.I wish Tyrion had had Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mismatched eyes.
1254	aimlessgun	2012-04-30	Cool mask, but not Quaithe's mask. Her mask needed to be a solid red lacquer mask that shows absolutely nothing of her face. And I expected the rest of her clothing to cover up her body as well, so that for all we knew you were talking to a shadow wearing a suit of clothing. 
Good voice though, IMO.
1255	Monk Meth-	2012-04-30	thats whole encounter felt like i was playing skyrim
1256	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-30	jumped out my chair in a nerd craze when i seen her
1257	Fredwin	2012-04-30	She has incredible eyes too.
1258	Hyper	2012-04-30	Cool mask, but not Quaithe's mask. Her mask needed to be a solid red lacquer mask that shows absolutely nothing of her face. And I expected the rest of her clothing to cover up her body as well, so that for all we knew you were talking to a shadow wearing a suit of clothing.Sometimes what sounds decent on page does not translate to the visual medium. Your description of the Quaithe's appearance in the books is a prime example. I much prefer this kind of mask, it looks far better. It also allows part of the actors expression to show through. And the beautiful eyes.I didn't care for her clothing, though.BTW, someone on another forum noticed the similarity in jewelry between Melisandre's necklace and the Quaithe's arm bands. (and the hexagonal pattern of her mask/jewerly) She also carries a some sort of large jewel visible under her mask.
1259	Arkash	2012-04-30	Yeah, I noticed too the hexagonal pattern... I find this excellent to link the two women and slip a glimpse of AsshaA in the show.
1260	aimlessgun	2012-04-30	And the beautiful eyes.Mmm yeah it would have been a pity to waste those eyes.
1261	TeemuOfHouseSelanne	2012-05-01	My first thought at seeing her was that all the will they/won't they go to Asshai debate is basically settled, Quaithe is a character who they could very easily not include in the TV series and the story wouldn't be altered... to this point in the books. The writers have to at least have some sense of where GRRM is going with the story, and I'd think if he wasn't going to take Dany to Asshai then they wouldn't bother including Quaithe.
That being said, sometimes the only thing that gets me through some of the drier Dany chapter is hoping against hope Quaithe will appear and give us a little mythology hint, so I'm really glad to see her on the show. Also looks-wise, yeah it's not the mask I always pictured, but she's clearly a very beautiful woman so Ashara Dayne/Shiera Seastar still on the table in my mind!
1262	Laohu	2012-05-01	Dany is going to Asshai? News to me... but that would help clarify the point of Quaithe and her reason for existence in GRRM's world. She has quite a shroud of mystery about her in the books, and I see the TV show has treated her the same. Do we hear from her against before ADwD?
1263	Ser Steven Greyjoy	2012-05-01	I didn't remember her speaking to Ser Jorah though? Did that happen in the books. I remember Quaithe warns Dany about the Kraken and some other stuff but that's about it.
1264	Tytus	2012-05-01	I didn't remember her speaking to Ser Jorah though? Did that happen in the books. I remember Quaithe warns Dany about the Kraken and some other stuff but that's about it.No, you're remembering correctly, in the book she had the conversation with Dany.Guess I'm the only one who was creeped out by her eyes :| To me they looked like they were bulging out, giving the impression she was sick or emaciated under there.
					
					
							Edited by Tytus, 01 May 2012 - 01:52 PM.
1265	sarah.jenice	2012-05-01	Dany is going to Asshai? News to me... but that would help clarify the point of Quaithe and her reason for existence in GRRM's world. She has quite a shroud of mystery about her in the books, and I see the TV show has treated her the same. Do we hear from her against before ADwD?Yes, Quaithe gives Dany her traveling instructions before she leaves Qarth in Clash: "To go north, you must go south. To reach the west, you must go east. To go forward you must go back, and to touch the light you must pass beneath the shadow."Asshai, Dany thought. She would have me go to Asshai. "Will the Asshai'i give me an army?" she demanded. "Will there be gold for me in Asshai? Will there be ships? What is there in Asshai that I will not find in Qarth?""Truth," said the woman in the mask. And bowing, she faded back into the crowd.I've always thought this was a very important prophecy and am really hoping to see it this season.
1266	ViennaGirl	2012-05-01	I thought her dress was a little bit hipster, but the mask worked for me. I pictured her totally differently - flowing robes, hood and of course the lacquer mask. I'm just glad she made an appearance, and also the House of the Undying - woot woot
1267	Perogo	2012-05-01	I liked the mask, but the rest of the costume didn't work. I always pictured her in robes. It looks like she threw on that weird mask over a party dress.
1268	Hyper	2012-05-01	Since we know how the actress looks (just find her in IMDB), I'll be keeping a lookout to see if the Quaithe will make an appearance incognito, without the mask.I didn't remember her speaking to Ser Jorah though? Did that happen in the books. I remember Quaithe warns Dany about the Kraken and some other stuff but that's about it.Remember all the Dany stuff in the books is from the Dany POV(*). If it was outside of her view, and Jorah didn't tell her, we would not read about it in the book. My point being that it does not contradict the book.*So far Dany has only been observed by another POV in one scene, but that comes later.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 01 May 2012 - 11:48 PM.
1269	boojam	2012-05-02	Yes, Laura Pradelska was announced as Quaithe back in June or July of last year.Lord! is Laura going through the whole series wearing that mask?Granted Quaithe does not appear that much.
1270	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-05-02	That mask was pure awesomeness! Oh, if I didn't like my Meli avatar so much.... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1271	TheDrawback	2012-05-02	It was awsome to see Quaithe appear, but yes I also pictured her different. To me it would be some kind of Skyrim Nightingale robe with a hood and a mask but still glad she showed up and can't wait to see the House of the Undying /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1272	Eejit	2012-05-03	Yes, Quaithe gives Dany her traveling instructions before she leaves Qarth in Clash:"To go north, you must go south. To reach the west, you must go east. To go forward you must go back, and to touch the light you must pass beneath the shadow."Asshai, Dany thought. She would have me go to Asshai. "Will the Asshai'i give me an army?" she demanded. "Will there be gold for me in Asshai? Will there be ships? What is there in Asshai that I will not find in Qarth?""Truth," said the woman in the mask. And bowing, she faded back into the crowd.I've always thought this was a very important prophecy and am really hoping to see it this season.In fact Quaithe doesn't actually confirm that she has to visit Asshai. Passing beneath the shadow could refer to something else.
1273	Bambi	2012-05-04	Actually i didnt like the mask, i pictured something like this when i read the books: http://bestgamewallp...rth-nihilus.jpgAnd i didn't like the way she walked to disappear either, it was like some copyboy giving the message and immediately leaving when the job is done.
1274	Bambi	2012-05-05	Yes, Quaithe gives Dany her traveling instructions before she leaves Qarth in Clash:"To go north, you must go south. To reach the west, you must go east. To go forward you must go back, and to touch the light you must pass beneath the shadow."Asshai, Dany thought. She would have me go to Asshai. "Will the Asshai'i give me an army?" she demanded. "Will there be gold for me in Asshai? Will there be ships? What is there in Asshai that I will not find in Qarth?""Truth," said the woman in the mask. And bowing, she faded back into the crowd.I've always thought this was a very important prophecy and am really hoping to see it this season. There is a very popular interpretation of the prophecy, which says Dany must travel east through the sea, around the globe of the world and reach Westeros from the west. I am almost certain that Dany will reach Westeros this route. George R.R. Martin also pointed out in an interview, that no one has ever tried to do such a travel yet in the world of SoIaF.
1275	aimlessgun	2012-05-05	There is a very popular interpretation of the prophecy, which says Dany must travel east through the sea, around the globe of the world and reach Westeros from the west. I am almost certain that Dany will reach Westeros this route.George R.R. Martin also pointed out in an interview, that no one has ever tried to do such a travel yet in the world of SoIaF.Hrm, I thought Euron did it? I'm probably misremembering.
1276	Ser Chuck	2012-05-06	As long as I can instantly recognize all the new characters as they come in, they are doing it right. As usual, I knew very quickly this was Quaithe.
1277	boojam	2012-05-06	There is a very popular interpretation of the prophecy, which says Dany must travel east through the sea, around the globe of the world and reach Westeros from the west. I am almost certain that Dany will reach Westeros this route. George R.R. Martin also pointed out in an interview, that no one has ever tried to do such a travel yet in the world of SoIaF.That is interesting. It's George's story... but lord with , what , 8 thousand years of semi-civilization, and  5000 of the sort of advanced Valyrian one , seems like a long time for someone not to think of it.When Columbus did it he thought he was going somewhere else than a new continent.
1278	Nefa	2012-05-15	I liked her mask btw, really freaky and coolThat mask is one of my favorite costume pieces yet. I dont get the dress, but yeah, the mask is freakyI liked the mask. Exotic and cool, yet unsettling.unsettling is a really good word for it
1279	ShadowRaven	2012-04-30	Yup, it's official, they've cut them.
Bran describes his dream, which in the books belongs to Jojen. Now I'm confused as hell; how are they gonna do the split up? Who's gonna watch over Rickon? I don't see Hodor and Bran soloing to the wall.
Someone explain to me why they cut the Reeds?
Oh and still no speaking 3 eyed crow!
1280	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	Yup, it's official, they've cut them.Bran describes his dream, which in the books belongs to Jojen. Now I'm confused as hell; how are they gonna do the split up? Who's gonna watch over Rickon? I don't see Hodor and Bran soloing to the wall.Someone explain to me why they cut the Reeds?Oh and still no speaking 3 eyed crow!I agree, the Reeds are almost certainly goners, and although I'm of the opinion that the show is hitting on all cylinders right now, I believe it will suffer in the future for having excluded the Reeds from Bran's story, especially in terms of all the backstory they are able to provide via Howland's unique perspective.Popular opinion is that Osha will accompany Bran and Hodor north of the Wall, while Luwin will survive Theon's occupation and take Rickon to White Harbor (and Skaagos?).
1281	Francis Buck	2012-04-30	For the record, they can still introduce the Reeds in season three.
1282	Ser Loudmouth	2012-04-30	The rumor that I've seen on the internet so far is that they are replacing the Reeds with Osha because the actress has a large fan base. Personally I don't see what the big deal is with Natalia Teena. To me she looks like a poor man's Helena Bonham Carter (and I didn't particularly liked that one either)
Me, I liked the Reeds, and the two little Frey children too, they spiced up Bran's storyline, and I'm sad that they have been cut.
1283	Somnus	2012-04-30	Well we can still have the Reeds in season 3. I'm okay with the TVshow messing with minor characters like Weeze,The Ticklers,Marilion and Rakharo but the Reeds and Ramsay Snow are too important to be ignored.
Especially Meera since she's Bran first love. I think that their appearance will be delayed to season 3 like Damphair was.
Or else who will go with Rickon ? Maester Luwin ?
1284	Milcov	2012-04-30	Not a great decision, using Osha is also the reason for another of my huge pet hates (Yara). But most importantly it's going to change Howland Reed to a complete total shock when he finally comes into it. We haven't seen the ToJ and now we aren't getting the Reeds. So if R+L=J it'll just come as a hammerblow with not even the subtlest of clues in the TV Show, the Reeds should be in it just to get a mention of Howland, I understand the ToJ likely wasn't in for casting reasons but surely they could do the Reeds.
1285	Myrddin	2012-04-30	As much as I love the Reeds in the book, I'm completely fine with them being left out of the show, especially with how they are eventually treated in Dance. And since we STILL haven't met Howland Reed to justify spending screen time on that "connection".
They are Bran's mentors and guides to the north, no more. Show-Osha can teach Bran and lead him to Cold Hands, and then take Rickon to Skaggos. At the end of the day, nothing has changed in the main narrative.
Non-book viewers won't miss the Reeds. Just us. I hope there's another way to work in the tale of the laughing knight.
					
					
							Edited by Myrddin, 30 April 2012 - 09:11 AM.
1286	Social Justice Bass	2012-04-30	Without the Green Dreams, there's really no need for the Reeds in the story. Jojen's role was mostly to serve as Mr. Exposition on some of the magic to Bran, through his Green Dreams. Since Bran is the one having those, the only issue is how he and Rickon are going to split up after Winterfell gets burned.
1287	Maester Reek	2012-04-30	What about lady hornwood And Ramsay And Reek Storyline? the north remembers lady hornwoods fingers but too bad the show doesnt
1288	Jon Snows Ghost	2012-04-30	No Wex with Theon either......
1289	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	I strongly doubt theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll let Luwin live.  Some other may must be found.
1290	Tourniquet	2012-04-30	The Reeds are unnecessary. I suspect Luwin will live also.
1291	zippypoodle	2012-04-30	For the record, they can still introduce the Reeds in season three.Yes, there's no reason the Reeds can't be waiting for Bran after the fall of Winterfell, since Jojen has prophectic powers.That being said, I hope they don't because Jojen Reed is one of my top-three least favorite characters in the entire series.
1292	bloodymime	2012-04-30	No Tower of Joy flashback from Ned so I don't hold much hope for the Knight of the Laughing Tree either.
Can't even really blame them for cutting the Reeds as much as I like them. Cuts out two extra actors from the budget and they have to be practical about the fact they have Natalia Teena as Osha. She's most likely getting paid a lot of money and brings in name power not just as primarily a film actress but someone from the harry potter films, and yes I know there's at least one person who only started watching Game of Thrones exclusively because she's a huge potter fan and loved Natalia Teena in them. Considering she's the only harry potter fan I know I'm going to assume there are others.
So they're left with two choices. Suddenly start making up a lot of Rickon scenes that never happen in the books to keep Teena onscreen or they have to send her with Bran because it's hard to see them sending off Natalia Teena to not be seen again for who knows how many books worth of the show unless she leaves the series on her own accord.
1293	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	Kind of makes me care less about Bran tbh, but thats strictly because I read the books first. This really makes me think that they are preparing to end the show with A storm of Swords.
Unless Howland never makes an appearance in the books(i really feell he needs to eventually) his children really need to show up at some point OR someone else with a relationship to him. If Howland Reed never shows up or they end the show with aSoS it'll workout just fine.
1294	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-30	They could always have them meet the Reeds later on. I'm not sure who's gonna go with Rickon if they are split up.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 30 April 2012 - 10:25 AM.
1295	Strider	2012-04-30	Popular opinion is that Osha will accompany Bran and Hodor north of the Wall, while Luwin will survive Theon's occupation and take Rickon to White Harbor (and Skaagos?).I think this would be a smart decision.  Members of this forum have already observed how difficult it has become in the second season for the show to maintain the interest of the viewers with the the introduction of so many plot threads.  This problem of fragmentation is only going to get worse.  Hence it's important to maintain dramatic continuity by keeping alive already-introduced minor characters and only to introduce new characters as needed.  The Reeds simply are not necessary, as interesting as they are for book readers.  Osha will guide Bran to the wall and beyond and introduce him to the old ways.    It also makes sense to keep Luwin alive and entrust Rickon's future to him. Whatever part Howland Reed has to play in the in the future narrative, both in the book and the TV show (assuming the show survives that long [doubtful]), his children are not necessary to that part.
1296	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	I hate to admit it, but I personally think that the characters of Bran, Rickon, Hodor (Hodor), and Osha will all be traveling together to the Wall. Just from the perspective of the books, we havent heard from Rickon or Osha since they split up, minus the knowledge that they are possibly in Skagos. The characters have to stay together, I guess just for the continuity of the storyline. Maester Luwin cant not survive, for many claring reasons, but first and foremost his advanced age is to unbelievable to make any knid of escape or long winded journey.
1297	Ser_Niall	2012-04-30	While the Reed children make interesting characters in the books, at the end of the day they're relatively minor characters in the narrative.  They are basically Bran's tutors, teaching him about old magics and green dreams.  It often happens in book-to-movie adaptations that several minor characters get spun into one characters, and this time it looks like it's Osha.  I don't really mind the change, since it doesn't effect the spirit of the story.
If the show lasts to cover all of the books, and the Reed children happen to become more important to the story, then the writers could definitely figure out a creative way of introducing them at that time.
1298	ViennaGirl	2012-04-30	No Wex with Theon either......yeah, and he was kind of useful in book 5...  I think Osha can fill in for the Reeds in terms of taking Bran north (and someone else random can take Rickon), but as far as backstory and future story, I'm not so sure. Maybe we're all wrong about TOJ and Howland and it all doesn't mean anything...
1299	Chipster92	2012-04-30	Personally, I never cared too much for the Reeds in the books. They were basically walking plot devices who were only around for exposition purposes. They didn't seem to have much personalities of their own. The Green Dreams being given to Bran, in my opinion, is an excellent way of streamlining an already jam-packed narrative. Having Osha the wilding stick around is good, since 1)the audience already knows her, 2)it would make perfect sense for her to know about stuff that's beyond the Wall, and 3) there wouldn't be any time wasted introducing two new child characters, who in my opinion, aren't at all interesting and don't amount to much. That time can be used to properly develop other characters who got short-shrifted in the books. Keeping Maester Luwin around longer can also give the opportunity to get across more backstory using a character who is already familiar.If they absolutely have to have one of the Reeds there, It should just be Meera.
					
					
							Edited by Chipster92, 30 April 2012 - 11:40 AM.
1300	WinterWarrior	2012-04-30	I think the Reeds can still be introduced in Season 3. It looks like they are definitely out for Season 2.
My fear is there are too many "dark" characters and not enough good people in the tv show. Cutting out the Reeds eliminates a couple of good characters that are needed to balance out all of the darknes in the show. But I am really enjoying the tv series so I will leave it to the writers.
1301	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-30	One good thing to come out of Jojen and Meera's cut is the possibility that Luwin will live, as someone mentioned. I love Luwin on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 30 April 2012 - 11:39 AM.
1302	Bastard of Lannister	2012-04-30	Maybe they will introduce the Reeds in Season 3, and have them see the burning of Winterfell, hide and run into Bran later. they could say "We came because I had a dream of the Ocean crashing over the waves of winterfell" and Bran is like "OMG, me too, lets be buds" I hope Osha goes away because . . . I dont really like her character and the books have an awesome plot, small changes like Ros the whore in the show arent too annoying, particularly because of the "play with her ass" scene. But not including the Reeds is a mistake and it would just really make the show suffer.
1303	Strider	2012-04-30	I hate to admit it, but I personally think that the characters of Bran, Rickon, Hodor (Hodor), and Osha will all be traveling together to the Wall. Just from the perspective of the books, we havent heard from Rickon or Osha since they split up, minus the knowledge that they are possibly in Skagos. The characters have to stay together, I guess just for the continuity of the storyline. Maester Luwin cant not survive, for many claring reasons, but first and foremost his advanced age is to unbelievable to make any knid of escape or long winded journey.I thought of that, too.  Having Rickon join Bran on the journey north would alter the narrative, but for the purpose of the show that might not be a bad thing.    And I take your point about Luwin being too old, perhaps, to successfully take charge of Rickon--perhaps.  But I still think it would be best to keep him alive.  Rickon needs to be put in the charge of someone we already know, rather than inventing a new character at this point.  IMHO.
1304	Patchface12	2012-04-30	I think they will appear in season 3, but the 3 eyed crow will have sent them to escort Bran north. I also think the Blackfish and Edmure will appear next season as well. I think most "cut" characters are simply being held off until they become more important and thus easier for the audience to remember.The only characters that seem to have been cut for good are Donal Noye, Chett, and Cleos Frey.
1305	Husband to Bears	2012-04-30	Don't you need at least one Reed for the trek North? Who is Bran going to talk to?  Hodor? It will be reminicent to Tom Hanks talking to Wilson for the entire Journey.
1306	IceVyper	2012-04-30	Why do some many people think that the show won't last beyond A Storm of Swords?
1307	dansnow	2012-04-30	It saddens me because I consider Osha to be a much more minor character than the Reeds. And I'm not a huge fan of the actress at all. But I get why they have to make changes like this and how her actress brings in viewers so I'll just cross my fingers for season 3.
1308	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	For me it's because there have been no Reeds and no Ramsey Snow and obviously because it's just speculation.
I was just thinking they may actually kill Rickon and just have Bran, Hodor, and Osha hide in the crypts. This would suck because Shaggydog is my fav DW, but it would streamline everything in the north and make things more focused.
1309	IceVyper	2012-04-30	They may appear in the 3rd season, besides books 4 and 5 can give for plenty of seasons without the Reeds or Ramsay. I think they skipped the Reeds because they don't want to have too many kids and Osha can easily replace them. Ramsay on the other hand might as well show up. They just need a really awesome actor and they may just not want to waste someone in this season for a few minutes of screen time.
1310	Fez	2012-04-30	Popular opinion is that Osha will accompany Bran and Hodor north of the Wall, while Luwin will survive Theon's occupation and take Rickon to White Harbor (and Skaagos?).I could see that and it would make sense. I think Andy Greenwald over Grantland really hit on things when he said that Game of Thrones has a problem of too many great characters and not enough time for them. Cutting characters where possible and extending the lives of already established minor characters as replacements I think is a great way to deal with that problem.Not a great decision, using Osha is also the reason for another of my huge pet hates (Yara). But most importantly it's going to change Howland Reed to a complete total shock when he finally comes into it. We haven't seen the ToJ and now we aren't getting the Reeds. So if R+L=J it'll just come as a hammerblow with not even the subtlest of clues in the TV Show, the Reeds should be in it just to get a mention of Howland, I understand the ToJ likely wasn't in for casting reasons but surely they could do the Reeds.Considering GRRM has told Dan and David all the major beats that will come in the last two books, maybe we should take this as a sign that R+L=J isn't true. Or, more likely, that it is true but it doesn't ever amount to anything; a situation where Jon is told "oh by the way..." and he says; doesn't matter I'm still a man of the Nights Watch/still a Stark and Lord of Winterfell (depending on how he interprets his oaths after being brought back from the dead)
1311	Ser Hippie	2012-04-30	Given D&D's comments about pushing some characters back to season 3, I'm guessing the Reeds (or at least one of them) is included there, along with Ramsay/Reek.
1312	Myrddin	2012-04-30	Considering GRRM has told Dan and David all the major beats that will come in the last two books, maybe we should take this as a sign that R+L=J isn't true. Or, more likely, that it is true but it doesn't ever amount to anything; a situation where Jon is told "oh by the way..." and he says; doesn't matter I'm still a man of the Nights Watch/still a Stark and Lord of Winterfell (depending on how he interprets his oaths after being brought back from the dead)Assuming R+L=J is true and that Howland Reed will be the eventual person to reveal this, the Reed kids aren't needed to set this up at all.Whenever Howland decides to drag his ass into the story (season 6-8 in the show?), he will just pop out of the bushes to Jon (or whomever) and say "I rode with Ned!" Some established character will then say, "He's right. I vouch for him."Then Howland will tell his tale. Sure, there won't be much set up in this scenario, but aside from this forum, how many readers do you think are waiting for this guy to appear on the scene from the few brief mentions across 5 books (and 15 years)?
1313	Francis Buck	2012-04-30	Don't you need at least one Reed for the trek North? Who is Bran going to talk to?  Hodor? It will be reminicent to Tom Hanks talking to Wilson for the entire Journey.I think this is the biggest piece of evidence in favor of the Reeds showing up in season three. No matter how you cut it, Bran needs someone to go north with him other than Hodor, and even if they were to have Osha or Luwin (both of which complicate things, especially for RIckon) go along, that still means that Bran only has one person to talk to for...what, the next two seasons? And then Coldhands at the end? It just doesn't work. And I'd bet any amount of money that Rickon isn't going with Bran; there's a reason he was sent to Skagos, and there's a reason Davos is going there to get him. It makes no sense for him to go north as well. I honestly think the Reeds are a shoe-in. It's not like it would be confusing or cluttered, since the only storyline they'll appear in is Bran's. And the dynamic between those three characters is essential for his journey (and who knows how they'll fit in later on in the story?). The only reason they're not in this season is because they don't have to be. They do nothing in the second book that can't be easily replaced by Luwin and Osha (though is not at all true for the third book). And Bran having Jojen's dreams doesn't mean they cut Jojen forever, it just means they cut Jojen this season and needed someone to have the dreams. So yeah, I'm pretty damn confidant that both Reed will children show up next season.
1314	Fez	2012-04-30	So yeah, I'm pretty damn confidant that both Reed will children show up next season.I know Dan and David have said that some characters have been pushed back from Season 2 to Season 3, but right now we're short on the Tullys, Ramsay, the Reeds, Barristan and Strong Belwas (maybe, not sure on them actually), and the Brave Companions.  Between all of them as well as the characters who are supposed to first appear in Season 3, that's a crazy number of new characters to introduce. I doubt all of them will be and I can easily see the Reeds being the ones cut; particularly if Luwin takes Rickon and Osha goes with Bran.  It's not like Bran's screen time will pick up much in the next few seasons, its possible for him to only really have one talking screen partner for most of that. Plus there will be the episode where they meet Sam and then Coldhands which can act as the majorly featured episode for this storyline for that season.
					
					
							Edited by Fez, 30 April 2012 - 03:02 PM.
1315	Brave Ser Robin	2012-04-30	I'm completely fine with rolling the Reeds into Osha's character.  It makes it much more TV friendly. 
In the books, Rickon has disappeared completely from the radar.  I've not idea what GRRM has in mind for that character but he's definitely not being setup for anything major.  The only thing I could think of would be as ultimate heir to house Stark when everything blows over.  If there really is nothing important about his story arc, then he could, in fact, be killed in Season 2 without loss.
1316	Davos55	2012-04-30	I am still holding onto hope that they are introduced in Season 3. I personally do like them, and I feel that they make Bran's storyline more interesting and fun to read. Bran's storyline in ACOK (pre-Theon) may not be exciting, fast paced entertainment, but I love it nonetheless.
I think the Reeds are great on Bran's journey north, and I love his interactions with them, especially Meera.  I also don't really like Osha on the show, or in the book, and I don't see what the big deal with her is.  Was her acting this episode really that great??
That would be interesting if Maester Luwin survives and takes Rickon, but I don't understand the logistics of that. Also, where is Shaggy Dog this year??
In the overall picture, I think a better question may be: Where are Little Walder, Big Walder, and Ramsay/Reek?!?
1317	Lord Varys	2012-04-30	It's obvious that Rickon Stark is going to become an important figurehead in TWoW and ADoS. Bran is not going to become important on the political field. He is on his way to become a tree. 
Rickon is the books for a reason, and is in the TV series for a reason. Despite the fact that Osha could take the place of the Reeds, I'm still not sure she will. With Old Nan gone and Luwin playing the role of the anti-magic guy, Osha has to be the person Bran talks to about his dreams and stuff. But this does, as of yet, not mean that she will take Bran back north beyond the Wall. After all, the TV series established that Osha has no intention whatsoever to return beyond the Wall due to her fear of the Others, so I can't possible imagine she will take that risk. More so, as of yet no one seems to think that Bran should go beyond the Wall. I guess this issue will only come up in season 3 after Bran has successfully left Winterfell.
I very much doubt we'll explore the three-eyed crow all that much this season. There is no time. They'll have to deal with the Theon-Bran-relationship in the next couple of episodes. And I'm convinced that will only reveal the fact that the Stark children survived in the very end of this season, which means that Bran, Rickon, and Osha are not going to have much screen time left...
1318	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	Would people really quit watching the show if an actor from the Harry Potter movies left for several seasons? Seems like GoT didnt suffer from Sean Bean leaving, I don't know the exact numbers, but Bean is a much more well-known actor.
I think it would be smart of the producers to send Osha with Rickon, if she is an expensive actor to hire it would free up funds for other things next season. Besides, she doesnt get that much screen time as-is and if they really love her that much I would love to see updates to Rickon's journey anyways.
1319	bloodymime	2012-04-30	Would people really quit watching the show if an actor from the Harry Potter movies left for several seasons? Seems like GoT didnt suffer from Sean Bean leaving, I don't know the exact numbers, but Bean is a much more well-known actor.I think it would be smart of the producers to send Osha with Rickon, if she is an expensive actor to hire it would free up funds for other things next season. Besides, she doesnt get that much screen time as-is and if they really love her that much I would love to see updates to Rickon's journey anyways.I'm not saying people would stop watching because her going offscreen and not coming back until who knows when. I'm saying her being onscreen is a draw to other fanbases that might not start watching otherwise. I'm just looking at practical real word reasons they seem to have for cutting characters and it's hard to see them getting a bigger name like her in a ongoing role and not switching things around to make her more prominent in the story. Of course Bean is an even bigger name, would he have signed up to the show if he wasn't one and done in the first season?I'm disappointed the Reeds haven't shown up despite the fact I expect so little from this show. I don't mean that in a bad way, this show could be the most expensive show in the history of television and every actor and actress cast to meet the character rather than for their name and it'd still be hard to see it even coming close to the books.
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 30 April 2012 - 05:13 PM.
1320	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	I'm completely fine with rolling the Reeds into Osha's character.  It makes it much more TV friendly.Does it?  How so?I just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like Osha much.
1321	chris999	2012-04-30	I will go ahead and say what everyone else already knows, but is afraid to say out loud.
The TV series can basically do anything it wants, independent of the books, because the books wont be finished for at least 10 more years.
That means that this TV show can go anywhere it wants, and end however they want to end it, because the books wont be finished in time for the TV show to be able to follow cannon.
Sorry for the buzz-kill... Now let's all try to put that in the back of our minds for now, and enjoy it while it lasts.
					
					
							Edited by chris999, 30 April 2012 - 07:02 PM.
1322	Brucolac	2012-04-30	I don't think it will come to them having to completely branch off in direction unkown because it outpaces the books.  I think it will be canceled before the next book is out, but they can have 5-6 seasons total with what is already out which would be on the long side for an HBO series.
I have thought the Reeds would be a no-show since the second or third epidsode with Osha in season one, it just made more sense casting wise to use her instead of two more child actors.   It is just really easy to miss with them talentwise-sansa is horrible and arya is amazing for example.  You might as well chalk no Reeds up as cannon after Bran having Jojen's dream.  I thought he might be cast and not Meera, but it is pretty evident that Osha/Bran are going to encompass the roles of Meera/Jojen as well.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 30 April 2012 - 07:23 PM.
1323	Arkash	2012-04-30	Sophie Turner is an incredible Sansa, dont see what you mean by calling her "horrible".
1324	Brucolac	2012-04-30	I am calling her horrible because she drags down every scene she is in.  She is okay with facial acting, but she is so bad at dialogue.
1325	chris999	2012-04-30	I don't think it will come to them having to completely branch off in direction unkown because it outpaces the books.  I think it will be canceled before the next book is out, but they can have 5-6 seasons total with what is already out which would be on the long side for an HBO series.I have thought the Reeds would be a no-show since the second or third epidsode with Osha in season one, it just made more sense casting wise to use her instead of two more child actors.   It is just really easy to miss with them talentwise-sansa is horrible and arya is amazing for example.  You might as well chalk no Reeds up as cannon after Bran having Jojen's dream.  I thought he might be cast and not Meera, but it is pretty evident that Osha/Bran are going to encompass the roles of Meera/Jojen as well.Agreed. The more roles that can be squeezed into a single character makes everything less of a headache for the producers that are trying to tell the story in a way that the TV only viewer can understand.At the end of the day, I dont really even think that it matters that much anyway, because the TV series will probably end at the end of season 4, with Joffery dying at the purple wedding. I am just enjoying it while it lasts.The part I wonder about the most, is if it ends with the purple wedding, what are they going to do with Dany? Maybe they will pull some crazy shit, and have her come to Westeros and win the Iron Throne after Joffery dies for the series finale.
					
					
							Edited by chris999, 30 April 2012 - 07:30 PM.
1326	Hyper	2012-04-30	I am calling her horrible because she drags down every scene she is in.  She is okay with facial acting, but she is so bad at dialogue.Speak for yourself. She's a teenager playing a teenager, and doing a good job with it.I'm not sure what it has to do with the Reeds, however.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 30 April 2012 - 07:30 PM.
1327	Arkash	2012-04-30	I am calling her horrible because she drags down every scene she is in.  She is okay with facial acting, but she is so bad at dialogue.I think I understand what you mean, even though I may not entirely agree...there is some kind of laziness, desabused tone in her voice, this soft voice of someone crushed and broken, and I really like this.
1328	Brucolac	2012-04-30	Yeah, it could be intentional.  Dany started like that in the series.
1329	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-30	I know I've said this elsewhere before, but the Reeds can be encountered later, even though geographically it probably won't make sense.  Or they can be cut, for simplicity's sake.But to say they must be cut, for budget, ignores the fact that there are plenty of unnecessary whores still on the payroll, and HBO appears to be saving money on battle scenes (so far).Don't miss the Walder boys one bit.
1330	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	yeah, sansa is perfectly acted to the way I imagined her, although it seems like she has grown 2 feet since last year, lol.
1331	_Oberyn_	2012-04-30	The child actor problem is just a lame excuse. Meera is not a child and Jojen can be cut by tranfering his abilities to Meera. There is no excuse for not having at least one Reed in season 3.
1332	Patchface12	2012-04-30	I have a feeling the Skaggs (and Rickon with them) will play a major part in this
I think maybe Osha will take Rickon to Skagos, but Bran will initially leave with just Hodor, but having had a 3 eyed crow dream beforehand that tells him he's sent someone to escort Bran to north, thus giving us a lead in to Jojen and Meera in the following season. Maybe they won't even be Howlands kids, just as Jeyne (Robb's soon to be love interest) is not a Westerling or even highborn.
Tho its possible they would be. Howland did train with the Men on the Isle of Faces. Its possible he would send his kids off to stay with the last Greenseer.
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 30 April 2012 - 09:04 PM.
1333	Catastrophy	2012-04-30	Bran has only 4 chapters in aSoS and 4 in aDwD. I don't think we will see him much in show also, so they can skip getting two more actors and go to the wall with both Osha and Rickon and beyond the wall with Coldhands, sending Osha and Rickon where they need to go.
1334	Laohu	2012-04-30	Hmm... I found Maester Luwin's death a rather poignant scene in the books. Although these books do not lack for deaths of likable characters, I felt that the parting of the ways for the Winterfell group with Luwin's death had a huge impact - for obvious reasons. I would be slightly disappointed if they changed that in the show and allowed Luwin to survive the aftermath at Winterfell.
1335	teemo	2012-04-30	The absence of the Reeds is definitely one of the saddest parts of the show.  Are they expendable?  Sure.  Bran's powers can still be realized without the Reeds.  But there's a lot of things about the Reeds that I find very important and profound.  I loved how Bran showed some of his father by being so respectful to the Reeds and was genuinely interested in everything they had to say, regardless of how odd others found them.  I thought it was a great show of Bran's character.  And I think Jojen in particular could have been great tv.  Dressed up in all green with green eyes and looking/acting like a "little grandfather" with his green dreams could have been fascinating to viewers.  But I get it.  HBO probably cares the least about Bran's story for two reasons: 1) it's one of the most fantastical POVs in the books and 2) he's a kid.  And he's not a little badass like Arya.  And of course, there isn't room for everyone.  But still - sad.  Plus, Bran and Meera are ending up together, didn't you know?
1336	houseHB	2012-04-30	They can introduce the Reeds in season 3 as well if they really wanted to. Bran, Rickon, Osha and Hodor can be wandering around and Jojen and Meera show up, Jojen can say he had one of his green dreams and that is where Osha separates with Rickon and Shaggydog and Bran, Hodor, and Summer go with Meera and Jojen.
1337	tfoxx22	2012-04-30	I was fairly disappointed by their exclusion... With that being said, i think it would be interesting if they did somehow insert them into season 3.
1338	piratesswoop	2012-04-30	I really don't understand logistically how they could have Maester Luwin taking Rickon. They don't have horses, if I remember, and I'm not sure how an old guy like Maester Luwin would be expected to travel on foot, alone, with a six or seven year old child? That would just make them a prime target. At least Osha has some fighting skill and probably has some handy wildling skills. Obviously a Maester is going to be intelligent, but I still think putting Rickon in the care of Maester Luwin for a lengthy journey would just be asking for trouble.
1339	Frumpus	2012-05-01	My guess is that they want to write Bran and Rickon out as soon as possible because the actors will get too old, so they plan on getting Bran to the north with Hodor, Osha, and Rickon will either be with them or get killed off.
Is the Rickon/Osha/Davos storyline even going to be important in the sixth book? I have a feeling it'll be like another Theon storyline. Great and emotional read, but ultimately unimportant to the overall storyline.
1340	ShadowRaven	2012-05-01	The Reeds are definitely an important element, and I'm baffled they actually cut them for this season.
They are ignoring a lot of Bran's storyline, like the Walders and Ramsay. Right around this part Ramsay should be somewhere in the dungeons.
It's like they're cutting a lot of important cast members of Bran/Dany storyline and not for the rest. Really unfair!
					
					
							Edited by ShadowRaven, 01 May 2012 - 04:12 AM.
1341	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-01	Gutted they cut the Reeds, (unless they introduce them S3) and Ramsey/ Reek. 
I love Jojen and his green dreams. I don't know how they can justify characters like Ros and cut the Reeds!
1342	WinterWarrior	2012-05-01	In Sunday's episode (Ghost of Harrenhall) it was Bran who had the dream of the sea coming over the walls of Winterfell, which in the book is a dream that Jojen had. So I think they may have Bran being the green seer earlier in the story and someone else taking him up North of the Wall. I think the Reeds will either show up in Season 3, maybe just Meera, or not at all.
As far as Rickon goes, I think he will be VERY important in the next two books and will be the only Stark at Winterfell by the time GRRM gets that last book out (hoping he lives long enough to finish the books....). The story line of Davos being sent by Lord Too Fat to Sit a Horse to find Rickon seems to me to be the next big movement in the Stark story.
And Sophie Turner is an excellent Sansa - she is perfect for the part. But that has nothing to do with this thread. And yes, wasting time on Ros is unthinkable. I hope the writers are listening before they write Season 3.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 01 May 2012 - 08:06 AM.
1343	catstory	2012-05-01	I will go ahead and say what everyone else already knows, but is afraid to say out loud.The TV series can basically do anything it wants, independent of the books, because the books wont be finished for at least 10 more years.That means that this TV show can go anywhere it wants, and end however they want to end it, because the books wont be finished in time for the TV show to be able to follow cannon.Sorry for the buzz-kill... Now let's all try to put that in the back of our minds for now, and enjoy it while it lasts.Ha! This is so true, and then we will have the reversal of roles, where the TV watchers know more (about the future) than the book readers.Will anyone stop watching so  you can get the full ending of the series in the books? I don't think I could stop watching, but I'd rather read the books without knowing what will happen. This might be a real problem for the producers (or not?).
1344	catstory	2012-05-01	Does anyone know if the list ALL of the character that have been cast. Is it possible that the Reeds will appear right before Theon and help Bran escape?
1345	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-01	There is no reason to have the Reeds included.
There is not enough time to fit much more interesting plot devices into the TV show so there's no reason to believe they're going to spend loads of time having Bran wander around the North needing companionship. Look how truncated Arya's journey to Harrenhal became.
Bran and Rickon flee with Osha and Hodor for season 3, Osha doesn't end up wanting to go north of the Wall again so she drops Bran off with Coldhands and splits with Rickon.
No Reed is ever needed. Unless they're almost entirely omitting Feast for Crows and anything to do with the Martells in Kings landing, they're not going to have oodles of time to waste on kids in a forest dreaming they're a wolf. Does it work great in the book? Yes, of course it does...that's why we read books...for minutia and details and vivid imaginable events not realizable in movies and TV.
As cramped as they're going to be for time once the snowball starts picking up all the extra houses, cutting these two characters is probably one of the better changes.
					
					
							Edited by White Harbors Wrath, 01 May 2012 - 12:10 PM.
1346	Lord Barristan	2012-05-01	I hate when people say so and so isn't important or so and so has nothing to do with the overall storyline (like theon in dance for example).
Martin himself has said there is no main character nor is there a main storyline. The song of ice and fire is all of these people woven together... The reeds are important not just because of the info they give him on the past... But they have a Reason to be brans companions and the are closer to being his contemporaries... And of course Howland Reed is going to show up. In Portugal last week GRRM said he hadn't decided if Howland will appear in book 6 or 7 but he will definitely appear
It's like the people who say reek isn't important... All he did was fake bran and rickons death, burn winterfell, capture theon, kill ser Roderick and Cerwyn, kill Maester luwin... But yea he's not important and they should give his role to someone else... It completely changes the dynamic of the story to have some random iron born do all of those things
I understand that not everything can fit into the show... But they shouldn't be dismissed as unimportant. I can understand the reeds being cut- I'm not really a big fan of theirs- but cutting ramsay from this season really pisses me off tbh
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 01 May 2012 - 12:21 PM.
1347	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-01	I wasn't disappointed when Bran mentioned his dream and I thought wait Jojen says that and thinking oh no Reeds /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. It is an odd choice since the Reeds are so big. Although I can accept Osha I guess despite the massive change since NT is doing a good job w/her, it's just a pretty big change I wish hadn't been done.
1348	A Damp Crannogman	2012-05-01	This might sound crazy...but it's my first post so hear me out. Did anyone think that in the last camera shot in the scene where Bran sent two orphan boys off with the farmer the camera spent a slightly suspicious amount of time on a hooded figure at the back of the hall? Meera Reed or Ramsay Snow... or my imagination/hope as I was expecting the Reeds to appear?
1349	Davos55	2012-05-01	This might sound crazy...but it's my first post so hear me out. Did anyone think that in the last camera shot in the scene where Bran sent two orphan boys off with the farmer the camera spent a slightly suspicious amount of time on a hooded figure at the back of the hall? Meera Reed or Ramsay Snow... or my imagination/hope as I was expecting the Reeds to appear?It could have been Ramsay! That would be excellent.I will have to rewatch that scene, I don't really recall any hooded figure.Welcome to the boards!
1350	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-01	I feel like I'm the only one who's glad they were cut. They always bored me in otherwise exciting books. They would make for terrible television. I mean ,look how rushed and askew the Stannis storyline has been. Who needs two kids that aren't needed to begin with? 
Osha going north makes sense to begin with and will make much better television. Honestly anywhere they can reasonably trim the fat from the series the better, especially if they are in this for the long haul. Hell with someone competent like osha, they could probably eliminate coldhands. even. 
The fact people even want the reeds in baffles me.
1351	Ser Pink of Floyd	2012-05-01	Big mistake in missing the Reeds and even the 2 Frey boys, they can still be written in, so its not too late but if we dont see them before Theon comes to WF then its questionable if/when we see them.
1352	Ser Giant	2012-05-01	What would get Osha to go back North? As far as I can remember she would rather die than go back to where she fled from.
Osha going back North makes no sense to me at all.
1353	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-01	I could see her inferring that Bran might be able to stop the white walkers, and thus be willing to risk it. Something like that is better than needing reeds and the nightmares that scenes with her and Rickon would be.
1354	Lord Barristan	2012-05-01	OSHA going north makes sense? Why would she go back beyond the wall if she was running from there to begin with?
You talk about "cutting the fat" yet they are spending time on Ros and inventing some talisa from volantis with Robb- who is going to die next season anyway? And you talk about cutting the fat? Robb was ment to die from the beginning that's why GRRM never gave him a POV. Ned had one because he had much important info to give us...  Giving Robb a POV but skipping out on reek is one of the dumbest decisions the series made... And yes I know giving Robb more time will make the red wedding worse, but I care more about reek/Ramsay. I just can't understand anyone who backs David and Dan in this decision to cut the guy who basically finished the Starks (in the minds of many) and led for the red wedding
Eliminating cold hands would be awful. I want to see the elk
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 01 May 2012 - 05:26 PM.
1355	Davos55	2012-05-01	Osha going north makes sense to begin with and will make much better television. Honestly anywhere they can reasonably trim the fat from the series the better, especially if they are in this for the long haul. Hell with someone competent like osha, they could probably eliminate coldhands. even.Don't get ahead of yourself man. Eliminating Coldhands would be very sad and a little ridiculous. Do you think Osha will magically know where to reach Bloodraven? I also don't buy into the fact that Osha going with him is much better television. Trimming the fat does make sense for the show to some extent, but the producers have to be smart about where they cut things.
1356	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-01	Reek is totally different than reeds. Reek is actually significant and I'm worried about. Note I didn't compliment them spending time on Ros, but at least she is used to support existing characters for the most part, which while isn't great, doesn't leave viewers more confused.
Viewers need to care about Robb, and understand what he's doing, so his love arc, which I don't think they will spend that much time on makes sense. Not giving Robb a POV would be a disaster.
Coldhands is cool and all, but I don't recall him doing anything that Osha and co couldn't manage with a little re-writing. They could have Bran dream of where BR is or some silliness. Too many fantastical elements like undead could turn viewers off. Note this is an adaption and too many characters doesn't translate well, as we see with Ros scenes taking away from important guys like Stannis. Hence my point that the reeds would be too fatty to people who haven't read the books.
					
					
							Edited by kevinbgwrites, 01 May 2012 - 05:29 PM.
1357	Davos55	2012-05-01	Coldhands is cool and all, but I don't recall him doing anything that Osha and co couldn't manage with a little re-writing. They could have Bran dream of where BR is or some silliness. Too many fantastical elements like undead could turn viewers off. Note this is an adaption and too many characters doesn't translate well, as we see with Ros scenes taking away from important guys like Stannis. Hence my point that the reeds would be too fatty to people who haven't read the books.What about Coldhands saving Sam and Gilly from the Wights beyond the Wall? Then leading Sam to the secret passageway, allowing him to lead Bran and company north of the wall unnoticed. Also him fighting the wights and giving Bran information, and leading them to the cave?If they were concerned with the undead or the fantastical turning people off, I don't think they would even have the WIghts at all, or the Whitewalkers. So I don't understand your point with that.I also don't understand your sentence about Stannis, Ros, and too many characters. What does Ros have to do with there being too many characters that don't translate well, and how does that relate to Stannis?Finally, I don't think one or both of the Reeds would really be that hard for tv viewers to keep track of. They would always be with Bran, and they would have important conversations, and could become potential fan favorite type characters.I don't think the producers have to go crazy cutting stuff just because they feel that tv viewers won't be able to follow things. Viewers that watch a premium show on HBO like this are older, and can generally follow storylines and characters very well. Did The Sopranos or The Wire worry about things like that? I doubt it.
1358	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-01	Point with Ros is- She's invented and isn't a great addition. Is she particularly problematic? No, but her scenes take away from scenes such as Stannis' red bird scene, a scene explaining why Stannis is even south with Renly etc. and as such his character has suffered. Given that they've added Ros, there is definitely no place for two more characters that can be comfortably cut, because then Stannis/other characters would suffer even more.
The wights were foreshadowed. Coldhands and many other non WW resurrections are not, and coupled with stuff like house of the undying and coldhands might prove to be too much. My point wasn't that I want him to be cut, but I could see how they could use Osha and Bran's dreams to cut him if they deemed it needed.
1359	Francis Buck	2012-05-01	Also as I said before, the Reeds don't really clutter things the way other characters might (Brave Companions, Tullys, etc.). Literally every single Reed scene would also be a Bran scene. They never interact with anyone else in the series. So it's not like they're going to need to cut back and forth to them all the time.And cutting Coldhands is just plain silly, much for the same reason.
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 01 May 2012 - 05:44 PM.
1360	catstory	2012-05-01	This might sound crazy...but it's my first post so hear me out. Did anyone think that in the last camera shot in the scene where Bran sent two orphan boys off with the farmer the camera spent a slightly suspicious amount of time on a hooded figure at the back of the hall? Meera Reed or Ramsay Snow... or my imagination/hope as I was expecting the Reeds to appear?Right, so those would be the boys perhaps that get killed in place of Bran and Rickon? Or were the boys too old? I can't remember. That would make sense so they are not totally new when they are introduced, and also that Reek would know about them. The killing of the farmer boys has to happen for Kat and Rob and everyone else to believe that all the heirs are dead.
1361	House Snow	2012-05-01	All I saw was what looked to me like a guard wearing a helmet.  There did seem like there may be someone in the center back of the room but I couldn't really make it out.
1362	Ser Giant	2012-05-01	I dunno, seems weird that reek would be allowed to gross people out in the Winterfell accepting hall(or whatever it's called), but I hope it is anyways!
1363	_Oberyn_	2012-05-01	Will anyone stop watching so  you can get the full ending of the series in the books?That goes without saying, learning the ending from the show would be the equivalent of chosing to f**k p the page 3 of the newspaper over the real girl /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I hate when people say so and so isn't important or so and so has nothing to do with the overall storyline (like theon in dance for example).Martin himself has said there is no main character nor is there a main storyline. The song of ice and fire is all of these people woven together... The reeds are important not just because of the info they give him on the past... But they have a Reason to be brans companions and the are closer to being his contemporaries... And of course Howland Reed is going to show up. In Portugal last week GRRM said he hadn't decided if Howland will appear in book 6 or 7 but he will definitely appearIt's like the people who say reek isn't important... All he did was fake bran and rickons death, burn winterfell, capture theon, kill ser Roderick and Cerwyn, kill Maester luwin... But yea he's not important and they should give his role to someone else... It completely changes the dynamic of the story to have some random iron born do all of those thingsI understand that not everything can fit into the show... But they shouldn't be dismissed as unimportant. I can understand the reeds being cut- I'm not really a big fan of theirs- but cutting ramsay from this season really pisses me off tbhJust ignore it mate, during the weeks the show is on you get a lot of people who glanced at the books after season 1 giving their opinion over things they dont realy understand. Dont take it too seriously for the moment.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 01 May 2012 - 08:24 PM.
1364	Reposado	2012-05-01	don't mind losing the reeds for the show. as long as they've given osha jojen's knowledge of greenseer stuff. the problem is what happens to rickon as osha kinda needs to stick with bran now
1365	congokong	2012-05-01	I was thinking maybe Osha, Hodor, Bran, and Rickon would head north. Osha is asking all the pesky questions Jojen was so she will probably be going with Bran.
Bran's story this season has been terrible. No Walder Freys, no feast at Winterfell, no Lady Hornwood and the bastard of Bolton, and no Reeds (worst of all).
1366	IngA3lfr	2012-05-02	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m cautiously optimistic that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll show up in S3, mostly because as others have mentioned, Jojenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s prophetic dreams would allow the Reeds to intercept Bran literally anywhere in the world if they wanted to. And Reek/Ramsey can easily be thrown in later with a slight rewrite as well.
My optimism stems from thinking about budget management: this season is ridiculously expensive what with blackwater and other massively SFX heavy scenes, plus the introduction of a ton of new characters to an already large cast right from the start.
However, as we all know, that cast is going to be getting smaller. I feel like in the case of Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s PoV, as characters are removed, they will leave open spots for the Reeds and Reek/Ramsey to fill. As the next season will also be less SFX heavy (IIRC) theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll also have more money to spend on the extra actors/other stuff.
My theory is that they plan to rotate the characters somewhat, and theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re just postponing the introductions of certain characters until a spot if vacated. Since people are ALWAYS dying and leaving open spots, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m still holding out hope for them to arrive at some point. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s conceivable if not almost guaranteed that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll wrap up the winterfell thing this season, and if they follow the book, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a fair amount of actors leaving the show at once.
(Also, made an account just to post this, so, Hi!)
1367	Terminated	2012-05-02	I see absolutely no point in casting the Reeds:
 - Osha knows about the three eyed crow, and will be Bran's mentor for all mystical weirdness
 - She can bring Bran and Rickon together up to the wall, meet Coldhands, leave Bran with him and resume Rickon's line for ADWD
I will not miss the Reed I found Jojen one of the less believable characters in the book.
As for potentially breaking the link with an hypothetical Howland R+L=J revelator, there are so many ways around it for both the upcoming novels or the TV show (Rhllor visions, Dany's visions, Bran's visions, Benjen still alive and knowing about it, Jon somehow learning he has Targ blood and making the connection, any person knowing about Lyanna's story and realizing Jon has the perfect age to match it, any combination of these, and I'm sure can find more if needed...) that it's not an issue to me.
1368	Ser Loudmouth	2012-05-02	- Osha knows about the three eyed crow, and will be Bran's mentor for all mystical weirdness- She can bring Bran and Rickon together up to the wall, meet Coldhands, leave Bran with him and resume Rickon's line for ADWDWell in the book she doesn't know, and more important, she deos not have any "powers". My impression is that the wildlings do not know about greensight and that there aren't any trained greenseers north of the wall outside of the Children of the Fores. We certainly don't see any in Mance's camp. In contrast, house Reed does have trained greenseers, since they keep contact with the CotF (see Howland's visit to the island of Faces) so Jojen is no exception.Allso, Osha is very afraid of going back north of the wall, whereas Jojen isn't.
1369	madman2711	2012-05-03	come on jojen and meera are bran's companions they must be in 
we can addapt it and maybe just put one reed that is a mix af both of them but no reed is plain awful
cut some of the LF whores for some Reeds or at least put some newsflash like the reeds are on the way to winterfell
did peter jackson cut samwell and sent pippin to mordor with frodo? i think not
1370	Tomer	2012-05-03	I've started to accept that the Reeds will be cut prolly, even though I'd miss Jojen- but Ramsay simply cannot be cut. Also, Cillian Murphy is the PERFECT actor for him!
1371	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2012-05-03	Hi all - been lurking for a while and just started posting.
I like Meera and Jojen purely for the fact that I am invested in Bran's story arc. I think most fans can remember 'that' point in the book where they became hooked, and for me it was in the middle Brans POV chapter talking about his climbing all over the castle. I was deeply hooked long before he fell. As a result I really wanted to see Meera and Jojen appear... BUT ... I fully recognise the arguments above about the relevance of those characters. Its perfectly apparent that the role of Bran's guide can be carried out by one person in the TV series and I can even accept that Osha be that person (as long as Rickon's journey is handled suitably).
The thing is, I have wondered for some months whether the Reeds would be left out entirely, rather than be pushed out to S3.
The thing the pointed me this way is the map included with the Blue-ray of Season 1. Greywater Watch is completely absent.
Another possible hint is in S2E15 where Renly says to Catelyn "Robb may hold title to all lands north of Moat Cailin." Surely if the Reeds were to be in some way important, then he would have recognised Robb's Lordship over The Neck and therefore Greywater Watch.
---------
I hope Meera and Jojen, or a combined character, appear in S3, but I fear it won't happen.
1372	Lord of Brewtown	2012-05-03	Yes, there's no reason the Reeds can't be waiting for Bran after the fall of Winterfell, since Jojen has prophectic powers.That being said, I hope they don't because Jojen Reed is one of my top-three least favorite characters in the entire series.Then you are probably not going to like how the series ends:  when Bran thwarts Dany's invasion, and rewards Jojen for his loyalty/service by giving him Dany to serve in his harem
1373	IngA3lfr	2012-05-04	Another possible hint is in S2E15 where Renly says to Catelyn "Robb may hold title to all lands north of Moat Cailin." Surely if the Reeds were to be in some way important, then he would have recognised Robb's Lordship over The Neck and therefore Greywater Watch.I wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t read too much into that, as that just screams of minor error. The Iron Islands are south-west of Moat Cailin, but theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re still part of the North last I checked. (Narrative Explanation: Would anyone be shocked if Renley was bad at Geography?)As far as not being on the Map, that could mean everything or nothing1. We could analyze every minute detail to death and back, reading volumes into prop placement if we tried hard enough; Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure someone could probably find a reason why Renlyâ<U+0080>s facial hair proves the Reeds will or will not appear.For the moment, we just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what will happen. There is certainly every possibility the Reeds will show up in S3, and thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s every chance they wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t. Personally I really hope they will pop up, as I was growing quite fond of Meera, but at this point, thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really no telling what the writers have planned for us.---1 Isn't Greywater Watch supposed to move? Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be rather hard to pinpoint that on a map...
					
					
							Edited by IngA3lfr, 04 May 2012 - 02:11 AM.
1374	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2012-05-04	1 Isn't Greywater Watch supposed to move? Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be rather hard to pinpoint that on a map...I'll take that point on board and live in hope.
1375	jugdesh258	2012-05-04	The rumor that I've seen on the internet so far is that they are replacing the Reeds with Osha because the actress has a large fan base. Personally I don't see what the big deal is with Natalia Teena. To me she looks like a poor man's Helena Bonham Carter (and I didn't particularly liked that one either)Me, I liked the Reeds, and the two little Frey children too, they spiced up Bran's storyline, and I'm sad that they have been cut.While I think the writers might be invested in the character and would rather not have her dissappear for a number of episodes, I surely hope that they could care less about focus group and fan base.  Hard to believe that GRRM would involve himself in anything like spagetti storyline line Lost.  With his books you can't just suddenly decide everyone is a cylon!!My feeling would be that serires will definately be cancelled before the book story can unfold in that messy scenario
1376	jugdesh258	2012-05-04	It's obvious that Rickon Stark is going to become an important figurehead in TWoW and ADoS. Bran is not going to become important on the political field. He is on his way to become a tree.we discussed briefly in the similar thread from last week.  I think this is why the Meera Character is important.  Bran dreams of a life with Meera eating frogs but has to deal with sacrifice to live on in agony forever merged with the Tree to save all of humanity..   Kind of like the God Emperor
1377	Jennelyn	2012-05-04	I really can't see anyone but Osha taking Rickon to Skaagos. (Why on earth would Maester Luwin?) Since we don't know how important Rickon going to Skaagos is, we can't really speculate on whether or not he'll go there in the show. We also don't really know how important it is for the boys to be separated since that plot line hasn't been reconciled in the books yet. I could see Rickon being hidden at White Harbor, so maybe that's what will happen. Or perhaps Osha takes Bran to the 3 eyed crow, leaves him there, and proceeds on with Rickon to Skaagos. Since the writers are able to speak with GRRM about major future plot points, I'm sure they'll figure something out that makes sense. I'm not convinced that the Reeds won't appear in the next season, but if they don't, I'm sure something will be done that won't compromise the end of the story. I doubt they are just planning to end it with ASOS. Of course they have no guarantees of being able to finish the series to completion, but they've got to stay optimistic, I'm sure.
1378	Hyper	2012-05-04	I think the Reeds will appear in some form next season. Why? Because otherwise there is virtually NO story material for the Bran plot-line to work with for the next two years. (Bran's Journey in ASOS is basically a forest trek from Winterfell to the Wall)
They could easily have Bran & Co run into the Reeds next year, hide out with them while Bran is educated more, and then continue towards the wall in season 4.
Another option would be to simply accelerate Bran's journey in the show. He really does not interact with any other characters (other than a short meeting with Sam), so he could reach his 'tree state' earlier in the show, which would allow them to cut back on Bran appearances. (Just make the occasional guest appearance as needed)
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 04 May 2012 - 03:53 PM.
1379	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-04	Does this mean Bran is going to eat Osha-paste when he gets to Bloodraven's Cave?
1380	House Snow	2012-05-05	So they released the summary for episode 10 and it seems like Master Luwin won't be going with Bran.  IMO that makes it much more likely that they plan to cast the Reeds for season three.
1381	Storm of Words	2012-05-05	Well. I really hope that the Reeds will appear next season. I really liked them in the books.
1382	Davos55	2012-05-05	So they released the summary for episode 10 and it seems like Master Luwin won't be going with Bran.  IMO that makes it much more likely that they plan to cast the Reeds for season three.What does the summary say?
1383	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-05	i didn't even realizeNo Tower of Joy flashback from Ned so I don't hold much hope for the Knight of the Laughing Tree either.Can't even really blame them for cutting the Reeds as much as I like them. Cuts out two extra actors from the budget and they have to be practical about the fact they have Natalia Teena as Osha. She's most likely getting paid a lot of money and brings in name power not just as primarily a film actress but someone from the harry potter films, and yes I know there's at least one person who only started watching Game of Thrones exclusively because she's a huge potter fan and loved Natalia Teena in them. Considering she's the only harry potter fan I know I'm going to assume there are others.So they're left with two choices. Suddenly start making up a lot of Rickon scenes that never happen in the books to keep Teena onscreen or they have to send her with Bran because it's hard to see them sending off Natalia Teena to not be seen again for who knows how many books worth of the show unless she leaves the series on her own accord.harry potter fans should stick to harry potter
1384	madman2711	2012-05-06	I think she should get sent away with Rickon and with her paycheck we can get both of the Reeds and Ramsay
1385	_Oberyn_	2012-05-06	i didn't even realizeharry potter fans should stick to harry potterI think she should get sent away with Rickon and with her paycheck we can get both of the Reeds and RamsayAmen /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1386	STANN1SBARATHEON	2012-05-06	the Reeds were a very important part of the books, the idea of jojen's green dreams always coming true adds to the intrigue and mystery of the story,
but if they were to cut the Reeds out of the show, which they have, the thing to do would be to get Bran to the Wall, then have Coldhands take him and Hodor the rest of the way to the three eyed crow, oops, i mean the three eyed raven now, geez, am i right?  anyway, that would be the most logical thing to do to sort of stay true to the books, that way Osha can still take Rickon to Skaggos and Davos can eventually be sent by Lord Wyman there to bring Rickon and his wolf Shaggy back to the North,
like I said, this would be the most logical thing to do,
but knowing television writers and network executives, they will probably try to capitalize on the actress playing Osha and her popularity, she is famous for playing Tonks in the harry potter movies, and while i enjoy her acting and don't have anything against her personally, it would be a shame if her and bran and rickon and hodor all went north of the Wall together instead of splitting up as Maetser Luwin suggested before he dies.  this means no possible Davos/Rickon storyline all the way down the road when it calls for it in the storyline, 
but i don't think the boys behind thrones would be crazy enough to keep luwin alive and have him with one or both of the boys, he needs to die at the end of the season like he does in the book to reinforce the notion that anyone can be killed and no one is safe, if they keep him alive and invent new dialogue and storyline for him instead of delving into other aspects of the books, i just may loose even more of my enthusiasm for the show, for every thing that gets cut from the books for the show, be it large or little, from renly's peach to dany's bloodrider loosing his head, always makes me weep a bit.
1387	Rockroi	2012-05-06	The Reeds are eminently replaceable characters.  All of their dialog and additions can either 1) be told by other characters (Osha and Bran) without any loss in continuity or 2) discarded. 
The Reeds are perfects characters in a book.  In a book you don't have to pay someone to write about this or that character.  Therefore, you can enhance the story by adding in a variety of characters and settings without limitation (except if you really stretch it ie: The Iron Islands in AFfC).  That all works out very well.  Hence, in the book, the Reeds fit very nicely- they add depth and structure; they add perspective and dimension. 
In a TV show you have ten hours.  That's it.  You have to tell your whole story in that strict time frame.  You also have a budget.  Every actor costs money that can be spent elsewhere.  That's reality.
The Reeds are ancillary characters that are utterly unimportant but for their relationship with Bran.  Well, if that's the case, can we just add their elements- their supporting rolls- to other charters?  I think you can.  Bran has picked up very well from what Jojen "added"; Osha is going to do enough for Meera.  What can either character do or say that cannot be accommodated for?  Nothing.  They are strictly supporting characters that have no relevance outside of Bran.  I think in that regard their exclusion is a wise choice given the strict limits of a TV show.
1388	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-10	Another thing is...look at the truncation of the Bran storyline at Winterfell...that's not because they don't like Bran...it's because there's too many other things going on. What besides Ros would we like them to cut so they could try to explain the Reeds now after the fact?
You've got three episodes left to do it because I don't want them cutting Greyjoy and Martell storylines next season for psychic swamp children.
1389	GoldenFleece	2012-04-30	With Doreah dying at the start of CoK and she is still living in the show, she looks to replace Jhiqui (spelling?)
What was with the tension in that scene between Doreah and Irri, it almost seemed that Irri was jealous of Dany's bond with Doreah.  Or is it something else?
Interesting new dynamic that was not in the books.
1390	Pliny	2012-04-30	I noticed that too. I think at least part of it is that the Dothraki are not comfortable/fitting in in their new surroundings.
1391	Independent George	2012-04-30	It was a combination of:
1. The Dothraki not fitting in to "civilized" life in Qarth
2. Doreah clearly does fit in, as does Dany.
3. Doreah supplanting Irri's place now that they're no longer living as Dothraki.
All of which makes perfect sense to me, and I'm really impressed that the writers thought of it and wrote it into the scripts. In the books, Dany's handmaidens started to blend into one another; Missandei was really the only one who stood apart, and she doesn't enter the story until DWD. I thought this was both necessary for fleshing out two supporting characters who don't get many lines, and brilliantly executed.
1392	aimlessgun	2012-04-30	Being super hot, that's what's up with her.
Oh, uh...and everything George said above.
1393	sarah.jenice	2012-04-30	It was a combination of:1. The Dothraki not fitting in to "civilized" life in Qarth2. Doreah clearly does fit in, as does Dany.3. Doreah supplanting Irri's place now that they're no longer living as Dothraki.All of which makes perfect sense to me, and I'm really impressed that the writers thought of it and wrote it into the scripts. In the books, Dany's handmaidens started to blend into one another; Missandei was really the only one who stood apart, and she doesn't enter the story until DWD. I thought this was both necessary for fleshing out two supporting characters who don't get many lines, and brilliantly executed.This is exactly what I thought. The fact that the Dothraki are considered savages is important, and I think Irri was worried that Dany will forget about her ties to them in favor of this comfortable life in Qarth.I thought it was a great addition and I am totally fine that they kept Doreah alive. I really like her in the show and think she is a helpful handmaiden to Dany.
1394	BabyMeraxes	2012-04-30	I really hope we get a scene where Irri reads Doreah for filth.
1395	Blangadanger	2012-04-30	Along with what everyone else has said, I think it also provides more tension for Dany: even her handmaidens are competing for her affection and respect. Dany is getting pulled in all directions from the numerous people vying for her attention, and she will soon have to prioritize whom comes first.
1396	GoldenFleece	2012-04-30	It was a combination of:1. The Dothraki not fitting in to "civilized" life in Qarth2. Doreah clearly does fit in, as does Dany.3. Doreah supplanting Irri's place now that they're no longer living as Dothraki.All of which makes perfect sense to me, and I'm really impressed that the writers thought of it and wrote it into the scripts. In the books, Dany's handmaidens started to blend into one another; Missandei was really the only one who stood apart, and she doesn't enter the story until DWD. I thought this was both necessary for fleshing out two supporting characters who don't get many lines, and brilliantly executed.Good post, thanks.  It will be interesting to see that dynamic being played out.  Missandei was freed at Astapor, so she should be there next season.  I wonder what role she will play - if she is cast for the show.I'm also wondering why they kept Doreah alive for some purpose of the plot.
1397	Lord Varys	2012-04-30	I'd have preferred gay Xaro and the real Qarth to this artificial conflict. Since they are introducing this kind of conflict, they really will go down this 'culture clash road' in future episodes as well, and this will steal screen time from more important plots.
1398	RoamingRonin	2012-04-30	I thought Dany and Irri were really catty towards Doreah in this episode. It was light Doreah couldn't say or do anything without getting snapped at.I'd have preferred gay Xaro and the real Qarth to this artificial conflict. Since they are introducing this kind of conflict, they really will go down this 'culture clash road' in future episodes as well, and this will steal screen time from more important plots. I'm sure Xaro is still gay on the show. His voice is definitely that of a regal gay man.I really hope we get a scene where Irri reads Doreah for filth.Haha. Why?!
					
					
							Edited by RoamingRonin, 30 April 2012 - 04:23 PM.
1399	PrinceRhaegar	2012-04-30	I agree with u guys and I also think that Doreah will hook up with someone from Thirteen and maybe try to steal dragons or something.
1400	Lord Varys	2012-04-30	Nope, it's confirmed that Xaro is a straight guy, and they seemed to have made him into Illyrio 2.0 (which is also a very crappy idea!), which Ran has thankfully already mentioned in his review. His sexuality is mentioned in this episode - he says that he oncer married for love or something like that.
1401	GoldenFleece	2012-04-30	I'd have preferred gay Xaro and the real Qarth to this artificial conflict. Since they are introducing this kind of conflict, they really will go down this 'culture clash road' in future episodes as well, and this will steal screen time from more important plots.Xaro could still be gay.  But it was intriguing how different the proposal was in the books.  Basically in the show Xaro is handing Dany the Iron Throne, purchasing ships and an army, everything she wants.  It is an easy way, but something must happen that she chooses the hard path into Slaver's Bay - probably she finds out Xaro's lust for the dragons, or a dragon.
1402	GoldenFleece	2012-04-30	I thought Dany and Irri were really catty towards Doreah in this episode. It was light Doreah couldn't say or do anything without getting snapped at.I get where you could say that Irri was catty towards Doreah, but what did Dany do? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1403	FantA´me	2012-04-30	It's a little off-topic but ,about the handmaidens, i was a bit disturbed by the fact that Dany, who has always demonstrated kindness and respect for her handmaidens, doesn't have a problem with pimping out Doreah.
1404	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-30	Doreah will replace Drogo soon since jiqqui is not there any more. I do miss the 
Irri:" It is known!"
Jiqqui " it is known!"  
from season one,
1405	Sidonie	2012-04-30	I was wondering what was wrong with Irri, too. But I agree it was mostly because she felt out of place and felt she was losing Dany.
I thought it was really cool, though, that Dany's going to use Doreah as a courtesan-spy, lol. Like Phedre in the book Kushiel's Dart.
1406	Greenseer Stark	2012-04-30	Clearly Irri is none too happy about the culture change in Qarth, much less that Dany is seemingly going to be using Doreah to get info from Xaro. Interesting take on the role of handmaidens.  I think that the writers are really making an effort with the supporting characters this season. Look at Littlefinger's prostitutes for instance - used to show how evil Joffrey is.
					
					
							Edited by Greenseer Stark, 30 April 2012 - 05:40 PM.
1407	Arkash	2012-04-30	I liked how the Dothraki didnt fit themselves at all in the culture of Qarth... Irri's having some troubles accepting her Khaleesi isnt just a Khaleesi, but much more, she's realizing Daenerys is not entirely of her culture and I guess it upsets her to understand how wrong she was about that... I liked that the showrunners put this in the series.
1408	BabyMeraxes	2012-04-30	Haha. Why?!Because Doreah quite clearly thinks she somethin, trying to play with Drogon when he obviously wants to sleep. Irri's got the T. Also, I think it would be interesting to see how a Dothraki throws shade.
					
					
							Edited by BabyMeraxes, 30 April 2012 - 07:21 PM.
1409	BabyMeraxes	2012-04-30	UGH. My first double post ever. I blame electricity.
					
					
							Edited by BabyMeraxes, 30 April 2012 - 07:22 PM.
1410	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	It was a combination of:1. The Dothraki not fitting in to "civilized" life in Qarth2. Doreah clearly does fit in, as does Dany.3. Doreah supplanting Irri's place now that they're no longer living as Dothraki.All of which makes perfect sense to me, and I'm really impressed that the writers thought of it and wrote it into the scripts. In the books, Dany's handmaidens started to blend into one another; Missandei was really the only one who stood apart, and she doesn't enter the story until DWD. I thought this was both necessary for fleshing out two supporting characters who don't get many lines, and brilliantly executed.Also, she might be mourning Rakharo.
1411	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-30	UGH. My first double post ever. I blame electricity.Welcome to the club!
1412	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-30	She thinks Dany is going to abandon them and lose respect for Dothraki culture in this new city.  Thats why she shows her that she sewed up her dothraki clothing, she is uncomfortable with Danys new dress, and she snaps when Dany is called queen rather than Khaleesi.
1413	Rockroi	2012-05-01	We also have to remember that there is some natural "sibling rivalry" at play with the two women; both are serving one Queen who only has so much time to spend with either of them.  Both women know that their lives are spent in suplication to Dany and without her they are not only out in the cold, but their very lives would become imperrilled.  Hence, both want to stay within her good graces, and the other is in direct competition for Dany's time.  Its interesting because when a room full of men and women try to keep the attention of a King or a Queen, its natural.  But when you shrink that space down to just two women in a small room it becomes far more obvious and tense. 
Also do not forget the constant chaffe that goes with travelling a long distance with the same people in close proximity.  I know that seems minor, but these people have been together tightly and inspeperably for a very long time and that whole time they have been close to death. There is just natural tension there.
1414	Arkash	2012-05-01	All in all, this is a great added story, this tension, I love it !
1415	A Menina Cebola	2012-05-01	I really like the fact that we get to see more of the handmaidens in the series. The relationship between Dany and her maids brings out more of Dany's caring side. If I had not read the books, I wouldn't really see much of her softer side. Last season we had her relationship with Drogo, which showed she had some heart, but this season so far she's done a lot of walking and a lot of getting angry and being a strong woman. If there wasn't the nice little scenes with Doreah and Irri, I can imagine those watching who hadn't read the books would not get an insight into her thoughts and emotions, or the side of Dany that Mormont is besotted with. 
I also saw their interaction in this episode as a sort of personification of Dany's inner conflict. We've got Irri who is completely Dothraki and has a strong sense of their culture and embodies their ideals, whereas Doreah is the outsider. Doreah embodies the foreign element to Dany; the part of her that will always be the outsider to the Dothraki. The back and forth about the dress and fitting in at Qarth was like Dany's inner conflict that we otherwise wouldn't see on screen. 
I don't really feel like Irri came off as moody or catty, she just stood by her beliefs and her culture. And we saw that later on with the issue over melting down the statue. It's a clash of cultures explored in a visual sense.
1416	BronnFan	2012-05-01	Also, she might be mourning Rakharo.That's where I thought they were going with it,The new guy, Kavarro, seems like a pretty good replacement though. I got a big laugh when he poured out the wine to steal the goblet,
1417	TheEvilKing	2012-05-01	Irri's got the T. Also, I think it would be interesting to see how a Dothraki throws shade.What language are you speaking?I think Irri is pretty hot. I hope her and Doreah reconcile their differences and become more than good friends.
1418	Arkash	2012-05-01	The new guy, Kavarro, seems like a pretty good replacement though. I got a big laugh when he poured out the wine to steal the goblet,I loved the passage with the statue, too... good laugh !
1419	Lord Varys	2012-05-01	I guess Dany is going to find out that a groom can ask his bride to give him anything (i.e. a dragon). That's why book Xaro wanted to marry Daenerys, so I guess it will be somewhat similar in the TV series.
1420	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-01	What language are you speaking?I think Irri is pretty hot. I hope her and Doreah reconcile their differences and become more than good friends.Drag Queen. Two female characters sharing close quarters? It's just a matter of time.
1421	LifeRuiner	2012-05-01	I think Irri was worried that Dany will forget about her ties to them in favor of this comfortable life in Qarth.That's how I read the tension, too.Irri seems to be protective of the Dothraki ways - the other two girls have been 'adopted' into the Dothraki and it's obvious in that scene that Dany and Doreah can get used to not living the Dothraki life again.She also tried to remind Dany of Drogo as if she felt that he was being forgotten too soon.
1422	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-01	With Doreah dying at the start of CoK and she is still living in the show, she looks to replace Jhiqui (spelling?)What was with the tension in that scene between Doreah and Irri, it almost seemed that Irri was jealous of Dany's bond with Doreah.  Or is it something else?Interesting new dynamic that was not in the books.Irri's just pissed of with D&D for not staying faithful to the books and killing of Doreah.
1423	Silverx2	2012-05-01	how did doreah die again? its been forever and i just lent out all my books..
1424	Chelly	2012-05-01	how did doreah die again? its been forever and i just lent out all my books..She died in the Red Waste. I think she got sick from infection or something.I really like the actress who plays Irri, so count me in as those who are liking this new development. I think she was upset over a mixture of losing Rakharo, fearing losing Dany to this new place, not fitting in Qarth, and being overshadowed by Doreah as Dany's favorite.
1425	Arkash	2012-05-01	Sad we didnt see Doreah any longer at the Garden Party, she seemed damn hot in that brown robe... wish we'd see her again in Qartheen fashion! =DI think she was upset over a mixture of losing Rakharo, fearing losing Dany to this new place, not fitting in Qarth, and being overshadowed by Doreah as Dany's favorite.Exactly what I felt too... and I loved this because all those are so human emotions we all felt at least once... and I too really enjoy the actress playing Irri.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 01 May 2012 - 09:33 AM.
1426	BronnFan	2012-05-01	Exactly what I felt too... and I loved this because all those are so human emotions we all felt at least once... and I too really enjoy the actress playing Irri.Yeah, add me to the Irri fanclub as well.
1427	Independent George	2012-05-01	I've been an Irri fan since the whole "Find me some ducks!" exchange with Rakharo in S1. Poor Rakharo.
1428	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-05-01	That's where I thought they were going with it,The new guy, Kavarro, seems like a pretty good replacement though. I got a big laugh when he poured out the wine to steal the goblet,That was funny! He is a hottie as well, not as tall as Rakharo, but handsome none the less.
1429	Lord Varys	2012-05-01	Actually, what I got from the books, Dany's Dothraki worship her as a goddess since she is the Mother of Dragons. There is no tension whatsoever between Dothraki custom and the commands/decisions of their Khaleesi. They would follow her to the very end, and do whatever she tells them to do. 
So I really don't think this whole barbarism vs. civilization theme here has anything to do with the books. And as I see it they seem to go down that road. Irri and the other Dothraki stand for barbarism, Doreah, Jorah, and the Qartheen stand for civilization.
Else the difference between 'princess' and 'khaleesi' would not be that big a deal...
1430	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-05-01	Actually, what I got from the books, Dany's Dothraki worship her as a goddess since she is the Mother of Dragons. There is no tension whatsoever between Dothraki custom and the commands/decisions of their Khaleesi. They would follelant to Queenow her to the very end, and do whatever she tells them to do.So I really don't think this whole barbarism vs. civilization theme here has anything to do with the books. And as I see it they seem to go down that road. Irri and the other Dothraki stand for barbarism, Doreah, Jorah, and the Qartheen stand for civilization.Else the difference between 'princess' and 'khaleesi' would not be that big a deal...Khaleesi is more equivalent to Queen than princess.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 01 May 2012 - 12:06 PM.
1431	GoldenFleece	2012-05-01	I've been an Irri fan since the whole "Find me some ducks!" exchange with Rakharo in S1. Poor Rakharo.That was Rakharo?  I thought that was Jhogo, where the hell is Jhogo then in the tv show?
1432	howland_reed	2012-05-01	I have nothing to add to this discussion except that I am so glad that Doreah did not get killed.
Hottest actress on the show.
1433	lmanion	2012-05-02	I thought it was more because Doreah was getting to do cool things like look after the dragons and Irri was left cleaning and mending clothes - the shit jobs /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1434	BlackTalon	2012-05-02	I am so glad that Doreah did not get killed.Hottest actress on the show.She is smoking hot, but to be honest IÂ´d have a very hard time deciding between her and Irri!I wonder whether it will be Doreah or Irri who gets to, uh, "relax" Dany in that cabin scene on the ship  ^ ^
1435	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-02	I thought maybe the tension was hinting that something may have started to happen already between Doreah and Danny and Irri was jealous. I spent the rest of that episode waiting for a adittional scene. I had to watch the whole episode again when it finished without it as I wasn't paying attention other than looking for that scene!
1436	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-02	That was Rakharo?  I thought that was Jhogo, where the hell is Jhogo then in the tv show?Rakharo is supposed to replace Jhogo? I don't think there is a Jhogo in the series.
1437	BronnFan	2012-05-02	Yeah, no Jhogo. Rhakaro in the show was originally cast as Jhogo but they changed the name to avoid confusion with Drogo.
As far as I can tell her three blood riders were Rhakaro (Jhogo), Kavarro and Aggo.
Rhakaro is now dead and headless and we haven't seen Aggo since the first episode of season two.
					
					
							Edited by BronnFan, 02 May 2012 - 08:50 AM.
1438	sarah.jenice	2012-05-02	Xaro could still be gay.  But it was intriguing how different the proposal was in the books.  Basically in the show Xaro is handing Dany the Iron Throne, purchasing ships and an army, everything she wants.  It is an easy way, but something must happen that she chooses the hard path into Slaver's Bay - probably she finds out Xaro's lust for the dragons, or a dragon.I've been wondering how they are going to play her saying no to Xaro since he made the deal seem so perfect. In the book, he didn't care about Westeros or want to give her ships, but the show has made him seem like such a great ally for her. I don't mind changes and am just interested to see how they are going to roll with it.
1439	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-02	I've been wondering how they are going to play her saying no to Xaro since he made the deal seem so perfect. In the book, he didn't care about Westeros or want to give her ships, but the show has made him seem like such a great ally for her. I don't mind changes and am just interested to see how they are going to roll with it.She's going to figure out that he only wants to marry her so he can take one of her dragons. I have a feeling she'll see a vision of this in the House of the Undying. The Bride of Flame will not be pleased.
1440	Hyper	2012-05-02	I've been wondering how they are going to play her saying no to Xaro since he made the deal seem so perfect. In the book, he didn't care about Westeros or want to give her ships, but the show has made him seem like such a great ally for her. I don't mind changes and am just interested to see how they are going to roll with it.Like Jorah said - He is expecting something in return. It it is pretty obvious what that is. One or more Dragons.
1441	Independent George	2012-05-02	I believe that in the books, Jorah asks around and learns of a Qarthian wedding tradition where the groom can ask any gift of his wife, and she has to give it to him. Dany realizes that he would undoubtedly ask for Drogon, and she is unwilling to part with him.
I tend to skim the Dany chapters, so I probably got a few details wrong, but I think that was the gist of it. Arstan and Strong Belwas soon arrive after the House of the Undying.
1442	madman2711	2012-05-03	Am i the only one who is drooling for a dany+irri+(doreah) relaxation cabin part 
Only that it will be on next season
1443	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-03	I believe that in the books, Jorah asks around and learns of a Qarthian wedding tradition where the groom can ask any gift of his wife, and she has to give it to him. Dany realizes that he would undoubtedly ask for Drogon, and she is unwilling to part with him.I tend to skim the Dany chapters, so I probably got a few details wrong, but I think that was the gist of it. Arstan and Strong Belwas soon arrive after the House of the Undying.Yeah I agree with this but I think they've changed it slightly. Xaro has set up this episode that Dany can have half of everything that's his. She'll realise soon that he means to have half of what she has, i.e. full ownership of one of her dragons. I think this ties in better with modern ways of thinking (I'm thinking modern marriage sharing and in particular divorce settlements) than if they were to pluck out another ancient tradition.
1444	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-03	I believe that in the books, Jorah asks around and learns of a Qarthian wedding tradition where the groom can ask any gift of his wife, and she has to give it to him. Dany realizes that he would undoubtedly ask for Drogon, and she is unwilling to part with him.I tend to skim the Dany chapters, so I probably got a few details wrong, but I think that was the gist of it. Arstan and Strong Belwas soon arrive after the House of the Undying.I actually think that Dany's line to Doreah in this episode ("men like to talk when they're happy") may be a setup for Doreah finding out about the Qartheen marriage custom and reporting this information to Dany, which will in turn cause Dany to realize that marrying Xaro will essentially mean giving up one of her dragons, and thus cause her to decide against this option. On a side note, regarding the mentions of Xaro's sexuality in the show as opposed to the books - all he said in the show was that he married once for love.  This could still allow him to be gay, as we have no idea how the Qartheen feel about gay marriage.  Maybe it's a long shot considering the time period this show is based on, but this IS a fantasy world.  Ultimately I simply don't think Xaro's sexuality will be addressed on the show, as his marriage proposal is significant primarily for political reasons.
1445	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-03	Sorry, double post.
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 03 May 2012 - 07:04 AM.
1446	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-05-04	On a side note, regarding the mentions of Xaro's sexuality in the show as opposed to the books - all he said in the show was that he married once for love.  This could still allow him to be gay, as we have no idea how the Qartheen feel about gay marriage.  Maybe it's a long shot considering the time period this show is based on, but this IS a fantasy world.  Ultimately I simply don't think Xaro's sexuality will be addressed on the show, as his marriage proposal is significant primarily for political reasons.Only problem is, right after saying that, he says, "[...] but the gods stole herfrom me."So yeah. He's straight. Unless he's trying to hide his sexuality? I don't know...
1447	Hyper	2012-05-04	I don't really see the problem with Xaro not being gay. The show has clearly not avoided showing gay relationship(s), so they probably did it because they felt it made for a more compelling alternative for Dany. In the book, she really has no intention or desire to marry Xaro - it is a bit ridiculous to her.
EDIT: And to comment on the Irri/Doreah - I like how they are setting up the handmaidens as competing influences on Dany, like angels on her shoulders. And it doesn't hurt that both Irri and Doreah are *very* pleasing to the eye. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 04 May 2012 - 05:08 PM.
1448	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-04	To be honest with you i could not tell her handmaidens apart, not a big loss for me.
1449	BlackTalon	2012-05-05	To be honest with you i could not tell her handmaidens apart, not a big loss for me.You like Loras and Renly better, I guess ... /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
1450	madman2711	2012-05-05	Doreah was spared so she could be a Roz equivalent in essos?
1451	Hyper	2012-05-05	To be honest with you i could not tell her handmaidens apart, not a big loss for me.You may want to have your vision checked. http://4.bp.blogspot...GXL8/s640/1.jpghttp://images4.fanpo...124-480-352.png
1452	TheEvilKing	2012-05-05	I've been wondering how they are going to play her saying no to Xaro since he made the deal seem so perfect. In the book, he didn't care about Westeros or want to give her ships, but the show has made him seem like such a great ally for her. I don't mind changes and am just interested to see how they are going to roll with it.One theory I've heard is that inside his Valyrian stone vault there's actually nothing.
1453	madman2711	2012-05-06	If its almost indusctible how did xxd got it in the vault in the first place 
How can valyrian stone gets cut into a vault or did the valyrians established qarth also and the vault was left behind along with the key
1454	TheEvilKing	2012-05-06	If its almost indusctible how did xxd got it in the vault in the first placeHow can valyrian stone gets cut into a vault or did the valyrians established qarth also and the vault was left behind along with the keyA wizard did it.
1455	protar	2012-05-06	To be honest with you i could not tell her handmaidens apart, not a big loss for me. Really? They look quite different. As in they're different ethnicities. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1456	madman2711	2012-05-07	Really? They look quite different. As in they're different ethnicities. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />problem solved Irri is dead no thresome on the ship /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
1457	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-07	RIP Irri!!!! Guess you meant shit.
1458	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	How many fans of Roy Dotrice's aSoIaF audiobook work even noticed him as the Pyromancer? I completely missed him because I forgot who he was playing, but on my second viewing I really enjoyed his performance. Pretty great work for a man quickly approaching 90!
1459	WinterWarrior	2012-05-01	I was looking for him - I am a huge fan of Roy Dotrice and had seen the blurb that said he would be Hallyne. I first "read" the five books via audiobook (I drive extensively) and then went back and read the books and am now listening again to the CoK audiobook to follow along with Season 2 on HBO. For me the characters will always be the way they were portrayed by Roy Dotrice in those audiobooks, he did an amazing job. I am so glad he had a part in the HBO series so he would be part of the story on film as well and he did an EXCELLENT job as Hallyne.
I really feel his audiobook readings of the books are a body of work all their own, and worry what will happen if he is not around to tape the audiobook versions of the next two books. There will be a real loss of continuity if that happens, it is jarring for audiobook readers to have to adjust to a new narrator mid-stream in a series of books....GRRM needs to get those books out so Dotrice can read them before he gets much older!
Is it my imagination or does the HBO Tyrion (Peter Dinklage) sound exactly like Tyrion as Dotrice reads him? I love that about the HBO series.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 01 May 2012 - 02:03 PM.
1460	Ser Giant	2012-05-01	Yeah, I don' hold out much hope that he'll get to read us Winds of Winter let alone the final book, I know it's just a ton of reading, but the guy has got to retire some time. I think that's the only real tavesty of GRRM taking so long on the 4th and 5th novels.
I agree about Tyrion btw, maybe not exact but I think maybe Mr. Dinklage took a few pointers from the audiobook adaptation.
1461	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-01	Tyrion will always be Welsh in my heart. Great work, Roy! He was originally supposed to play Pycelle, but he was recovering from surgery and couldn't make the trip to Croatia.
1462	The Lord Commander's Raven	2012-05-02	Roy Dotrice was outstanding in his cameo as the Master Pyromancer.  In truth I did not recognize him the first time; he looked very different from the last time I saw him on HellBoy II and a lot older than in The Cutting Edge.  But I thought his performance, particularly his vocal interpretation, of the Pyromancer was excellent and well acted.
I only wish he lad a larger role in the series, perhaps that of Grand Maester Pycelle, but perhaps Dotrice's age has something to do with that.  He's a fine actor and would be the among the best in any scene.
1463	akajea	2012-05-02	He was amazing. I haven't listened to the audiobooks, but after his performance, I might have to.
1464	Ser Giant	2012-05-02	If you only listen to one make it A Storm of Swords, I still get chills thinking about his vocal performance of a certain fight. That final "crunch!" almost made me sick to my stomach.
1465	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-02	Can't remember why at the moment but he did make me chuckle. Good casting.
1466	So1ar	2012-05-02	yeah he was amazing. i hope they recast him for another character later on. he can do 1000 different voices so it's not like the audience would think it's the same person.
1467	Independent George	2012-05-02	"I have not conducted that particular experiment..." made me laugh out loud. My dog woke up and demanded to know what the hubbub was.
1468	Mr. E	2012-05-02	His voices for Dolorous Edd and Jaquen H'Gar alone are worth the price of the audiobooks.
1469	_Oberyn_	2012-05-02	"I have not conducted that particular experiment..." made me laugh out loud. My dog woke up and demanded to know what the hubbub was.I woke my gf at 4:30 am watching that /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> ,Roy is a legend. I hope he does a reading of AFFC at some point.
1470	Godswood	2012-05-02	His voices for Dolorous Edd and Jaquen H'Gar alone are worth the price of the audiobooks.Agree 100%, would also throw in Vargo Hoat and Old Nan with those two.
1471	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-02	I woke my gf at 4:30 am watching that /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> ,Roy is a legend. I hope he does a reading of AFFC at some point.He has! The released it earlier this year. HE CHANGED LITTLEFINGER'S VOICE!
1472	aimlessgun	2012-05-02	I pictured Hallyne as more sinister than comical, but I loved the portrayal. 
"And of course, flesh! It melts flesh like tallow!" And then Tyrion gives him that look and carefully hands him the jar back. I just burst out laughing.
1473	_Oberyn_	2012-05-02	He has! The released it earlier this year. HE CHANGED LITTLEFINGER'S VOICE! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  How did i miss this /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> , must have been a busy work period. Thnx for the reply, buying it now.
1474	The Lord Commander's Raven	2012-05-02	Yes to all who mentioned Roy Dotrice's audiobook readings.  He is simply amazing and his many voices give each character a unique life of their own.  As mentioned previously, his characterization of Dolores Edd is incredible.  And I like, particularly in A Storm of Swords, his vocal renditions of Tyrion and Jamie Lannister, similar yet distinct, as one might expect with brothers.
Roy is great and I am glad to hear he rerecorded A Feast For Crows...Jon Lee was absolutely terrible as the voice over artist.
1475	Ygrette	2012-05-03	Despite having listened to all 5 books with his voice, I did NOT recognize him. What I did recognize, though, was his hilariousness. The character was brilliantly played and much more entertaining than I remember him from the books. His refusal to react on any kind of humour was wonderful and  he's exactly the kind of person I would expect in a position like this. Reminds me a lot of my university research times when I had to socialize with folks that has been locked up with books for 60 years.
May he live long and more specifically (and egoistically) speaking, may he definitely live long enough to do books 6 and 7 (or however many there will be in the end).
1476	WinterWarrior	2012-05-03	Yes, he did AFFC late last year, it was released in December 2011. And I love the way he makes Tyrion and Jamie sound simliar yet distinct, exactly how you would expect brothers to sound. If you take the HBO Tyrion and Jamie and put them in a room together they do not speak as if they were raised in the same family - although both are excellent. Those are the types of subtleties Dotrice nails in the audiobooks.
Dolores Edd is so well done by Dotrice, as are the other characters. I really like the way he does Ygritte, even though she is a young girl and his is an older man, he portrays her so well. I love the way he says "....you know nothing Jon Snow....."
He makes Walder Frey much more in line with a 90 year old man, the HBO series makes him look too young. I think Dotrice nails Walder Frey with that " he, he, he".....but he does so many characters so well we just can't list them all.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 03 May 2012 - 07:25 AM.
1477	redriver	2012-05-03	He strikes me as having tremendous energy and a great voice.Not quite the slimy,oozing Hallyne I read in the books but,hmmmmmm perhaps an improvement,yes.
It would be great to see him play another character
1478	SwordOfTheEvening	2012-05-03	I'm crossing my fingers for an alternate audio track on the DVDs of Roy Dotrice dubbed as every actor.
1479	Nymeria's pup	2012-05-03	I did not know he was going to be in the show. When the episode ended I was just happened to see his name in the credits and found out who he played. It was great to see him. I read all the books and then listened to them on audio. I even started a thread called "Best and Worst Read Scenes in ASoIaF." Roy fans should join in. I want to rewatch the episode and then listen to him read the character.
1480	kli	2012-05-03	I had totally forgotten he was playing Hallyne, didn't spot him, but halfway through one of his lines, I was going, "Wait. I recognize that voice!  It's Roy Dotrice!!!"Soooo good to see him on a GRRM tv show once again.  I loved the hell out of Father on Beauty and the Beast. I'm showing my age, but I once went to a BatB Creation Con in L.A., and Dotrice was entirely gracious to all us little fans, and just really cool to be around.  If you haven't watched BatB, the CBS website is actually still hosting a couple of the episodes (I recommend "Promises of Someday").  And I'm eternally grateful that the Beauty and the Beast pilot that's being worked on right now for the fall season has nothing to do with the old '80s show.
1481	WinterWarrior	2012-05-07	As much as I hate Walder Frey, I think  Dotrice would have acted that part brilliantly. Actually he would have acted any of the parts brilliantly.
1482	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	From the preview of next weeks episode and the vision that Bran has, 'water flowing over the walls of Winterfell, and Ser Rodrick Cassel drowning'; can it now be understood that there will be no Reek - Ramsey character involved in the TV series. In addition, if you caught the preview, you will have seen Roose Bolton delivering a message to King Robb about Torren's Square being attacked.
Will we get a plot where Robb will send Roose up north to deal with the problem, or will Roose suggest to send for his so-far-as-now unknown bastard Ramsey to deal with this problem?
1483	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-30	Seems possible. 
It's still a shame, though; I was really looking forward to Ramsay. The liberties they're taking by robbing him of his defining character moment (and the shock twist ending in general) are... considerable.
1484	Somnus	2012-04-30	The Boltons will be quite important, I think it would be a waste to further reduce a small family like theirs to Roose only. I'm sure Ramsay will appear, there's no way that they can make Roose cover both his and Ramsay's role.
Probably Ser Rodrick Cassel will reach the town that Theon attacked, realize it's a trap, go back still in time for his role. At least I hope.
1485	Tony Soprano	2012-04-30	The Boltons become really important characters later on, so I hope they haven't cut Ramsay. He's involved in a lot of story arcs: Theon, Jon, Stannis...
I don't think they're gonna cut him.
And I think there's a possibility we'll see him this season.
1486	Tourniquet	2012-04-30	I think they have to include Reek, so much of Theon's storyline depends on him, and the way that Alfie Allen has been playing Theon is certainly going to have some show presence going forward.
1487	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-30	They've barely introduced Lord Bolton yet. I imagine we won't see his bastard this season.
1488	unRobert	2012-04-30	No. Way. That'll do it for me. If Roose gets sent north, off goes the crap-tube.
1489	Chipster92	2012-04-30	I'm sure they're just holding off Ramsay until Season 3, so Alfie Allen will get something to do and won't get left out for two seasons. They also still have to cast an actor good enough to pull off this character convincingly. In the wrong hands, the character could come off like an imitation of an overly brutal horror movie villain, what with his proclivites for torture and flaying. Some people (non-book readers) have already complained about Joffrey's cruelty being over the top, once this dude comes in, I don't what the nooba are gonna think.
1490	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Ramsay definitely has not been cast this season, but whether he can come next season or not is not known.  I do think the story would be  significantly changed if they combine Roose and Ramsay.  Does that mean Roose will never take Harrenhal or interact with Arya?  How about his interactions with Jaime which help set the foundation for the Bolton's role in the Red Wedding?  The adaptation will further veer into "inspired by" the books rather than really following them to the degree that season 1 did, if they go that far.  It will be curious who will suggest the killing of the miller's boys in place of Bran and Rickon?  It seems they have taken liberties to make Theon less culpable for his turning on the Starks, from the burned letter to Robb, to Cleftjaw suggesting they raid something other than fishing villages.  So it will be quite a shift if Theon is the one who comes up with killing the millers kids.  Likewise Ramsay being Reek to Theon, and then making Theon into Reek was a dramatic shift that appears will be lost.  Ramsay is such a great villain, and it will be a shame if he is cut.
1491	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-30	Well Ramsay being Ramsay was a suprise in the book so hopefully it's a surprise in the show.
1492	Carne	2012-04-30	Maybe they're moving him to season 3 so Theon has something to do? The last we see of Theon this season might be his capture of Winterfell.
1493	Ice Turtle	2012-04-30	Truth to be told I can imagine Ramsay and Roose put into one person. One villain instead of two.  Though it would mean no story about Fat Walda's dowry because It would be Roose who marries "Arya".
1494	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-30	Maybe they're moving him to season 3 so Theon has something to do? The last we see of Theon this season might be his capture of Winterfell.Well, episode eight (?) is called "The Prince of Winterfell," and we've seen Bran and Rickon's "corpses" strung up on Stark banners in one of the trailers. It's safe to say he conquers it in S2, and Asha comes to visit him too.I suppose Roose could dispense his "son" to go and take back Winterfell while he takes over Harrenhal. But eh, he'd have been seen or seeded by now. I've lost all hope for seeing Ramsay this season.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 30 April 2012 - 10:56 AM.
1495	Patchface12	2012-04-30	Maybe Theon and Dagmar defeat Rodrick Cassel's army and capture and drown him the same way  they defeated the Wild Hares in the book and drowned Benfrey Tallhart.
If that's the case, then only Ramsay's forces show up at Winterfell. Maybe Theon and co. surrender to them, only so Ramsay can slaughter all ironborn prisoners but Theon, and burn Winterfell.
1496	Meg Stark	2012-04-30	Maybe they're moving him to season 3 so Theon has something to do? The last we see of Theon this season might be his capture of Winterfell.I think they will likely "kill" Bran and Rickon this season. It would make for a great cliffhanger. They don't necessarily need Ramsey/Reek for that part. They can just bring him in Season 3 to move Theon's story along and show him loosing Winterfell then. Though it would be a great surprise if they somehow managed to surprise us all with Ramsey appearing in one of the next episodes!
1497	WolveseatDragons	2012-04-30	One thing that is already going to be lost most certainly is Ramsay's early story.  I don't know how they can go through the rest of the season without him without a major shift.  That said, I'd be fine with putting the Winterfell stuff on the "slow burn" story wise to advance the other areas.  It's going to be interesting to see how they put it together.
1498	NewJeffCT	2012-04-30	I think they could introduce Reek similar to how they had Jaqen, Rorge & Biter last year in the cage - a non-descript extra who stinks and was released from the dungeons beneath Winterfell.  When Theon hears about Rodrik's army returning, This extra then offers to find some men for him and then he's gone, only to return at the start of season 3 with the men to surprise Ser Rodrik, and now he's Ramsay Snow.
Of course, that means they have Alfie Allen there for 1 or 2 episodes of season 3 and then he's gone till season 6 or 7  They could cast an entirely different actor by that time because of all the changes that "new" Reek goes through at Ramsay's hands.
1499	Fez	2012-04-30	I think they could introduce Reek similar to how they had Jaqen, Rorge & Biter last year in the cage - a non-descript extra who stinks and was released from the dungeons beneath Winterfell.  When Theon hears about Rodrik's army returning, This extra then offers to find some men for him and then he's gone, only to return at the start of season 3 with the men to surprise Ser Rodrik, and now he's Ramsay Snow.Of course, that means they have Alfie Allen there for 1 or 2 episodes of season 3 and then he's gone till season 6 or 7  They could cast an entirely different actor by that time because of all the changes that "new" Reek goes through at Ramsay's hands.That would be a good way to do it.And Alfie wouldn't be gone that long. ASOS is going to be two seasons, we know that, but while they haven't said anything about how the series will be structured past that; there's no way they aren't going to recombine Feast and Dance and then split it back up chronologically however much it needs to be. This means Theon would be back by the beginning of season 5, and they could probably put at least one scene of him in captivity in season 4, just like Jamie has only been in one scene thus far this season.It all depends on when Theon loses Winterfell though; and I have no idea if that's something that's going to happen this season or not.
1500	Frumpus	2012-04-30	I think they have to include Reek, so much of Theon's storyline depends on him, and the way that Alfie Allen has been playing Theon is certainly going to have some show presence going forward.Or they're probably planning on killing Theon off later this season or next so they can cut out that entire storyline in ADwD.
1501	Meg Stark	2012-04-30	Or they're probably planning on killing Theon off later this season or next so they can cut out that entire storyline in ADwD.I can't imagine that they would do that. Theon's ADwD storyline is a fan favorite. The torture and redemption that he goes through is also right up HBOs dramatic alley. I'm sure they would find ways to spread out his story enough to last through the other seasons.
1502	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-30	That would be a huge storyline change. Sure they've killed people off prematurely before, but they've all been minor characters.
1503	Davos55	2012-04-30	I have given up hope of seeing him this season, which is very sad.  There is no way they can cut him out completely though, he MUST come early next season.  I know I am not the only one who liked Theon's chapters the best in ADWD, and HBO surely knows that as well.
I like the ideas above of having an extra (perhaps just really dirty and in a hood) be Reek, and disappear at the end, then he comes back and is Ramsay next season.
Though I do remember a scene from the previews that has horses circling around Theon in Winterfell. I don't know who is doing that..perhaps Asha?
If Roose and Ramsay are combined...no..sorry I can't even speculate because that idea is too ridiculous to me.
1504	Versiroth	2012-04-30	Has Ramsey being removed  been confirmed?  The only thing we've missed so far is any build up to him.  Which could easily happen in the next episode.  He really doesn't show up until after Theon takes Winterfell.
1505	Maester Reek	2012-04-30	Or they're probably planning on killing Theon off later this season or next so they can cut out that entire storyline in ADwD. this would be such a shame and would kill and eliminate one of the best storylines of the entire series
1506	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Has Ramsey being removed  been confirmed?  The only thing we've missed so far is any build up to him.  Which could easily happen in the next episode.  He really doesn't show up until after Theon takes Winterfell.The only thing that has been confirmed is that no one has officially been cast as Reek or Ramsay for this season.  He could still come next season, but it's difficult to see how he could do so as Reek, and it doesn't appear that there is any way he could be the one suggesting the substitute bodies for Bran and Rickon, which based on previews does still happen this season.
1507	Lord Varys	2012-04-30	Not sure if the tidbit from the preview (Roose informing Robb and Cat that the North has been attacked) is going to mean that Robb will send Roose back north. He would march himself, not send someone in his stead, if he intended to do anything at once. I rather expect Roose to challenge Robb on this decision, strongly urging him to march back home and deal with the invaders since a king without a kingdom is no king at all.
1508	Dornish Hen	2012-04-30	I can't imagine the rest of the series with out Theon's story.  That being said, I can imagine the rest of this season without Reek.  Imagine if Robb sends Bolton back to Winterfell to take care of the invaders.  At some point, Bolton (or someone else) mentions his family life and there you have the background you need for this season.  Bolton then takes control of Winterfell taking the place of Reek's character at the end of Clash.  Then in the beginning of next season, we are really introduced to Bolton's bastard son  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> ... and the story takes off from there.  So just because there isn't any Ramsay in this season doesn't mean there won't be one in the next.  
With next season covering half of Storm, maybe they'll save a few characters for next year.
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Hen, 30 April 2012 - 05:37 PM.
1509	SynthFG	2012-04-30	Has Ramsey being removed  been confirmed?  The only thing we've missed so far is any build up to him.  Which could easily happen in the next episode.  He really doesn't show up until after Theon takes Winterfell.Still hoping for a surprise name playing Ramsey appearing in episode 10 All we need is a mention of his Bastard from Lord Bolton to Rob after the news of Winterfells fallThen the Bolton men showing up with a Helmeted leader who kills Roderic before the Bolton men kill the others, Theon being stupid then opens the gatesBolton men file in, Theon says lots of stupid things about welcoming his new alliesHelm gets lifted and Ramsay says something like kill them allMassacre of Winterfellyou could do most with extras as stand ins and film the helm lift the day before the air date if you so chose
1510	Nebmai	2012-04-30	D + D have been quoted as saying several characters from Book 2 have been "delayed" until season 3 to avoid introducing too many new characters at once, Ramsey certainly could be one of these characters.
1511	unRobert	2012-04-30	Hopefully by next episode we'll start hearing about him. Otherwise I'll be worried. He's a good character to build up. I remember just hearing little things about the "Bastard of Bolton" - the name alone creeps you out. But there's been no talk of him and/or lady hornwood, and the iron islanders are already at torrhens square.
1512	The Second Hand	2012-04-30	The thinking now is that Ramsay will be introduced, but just barely, and Theon will not dissapear after season two. He will instead stay on and then dissapear for one season. So: we'd see his torture. Just my thinking, at least. Very hard to cut a cast member loose for two or three seasons otherwise.
1513	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-04-30	It's interesting that we don't have info for episode ten yet.  We know the battle of Blackwater is in ep. nine, so I imagine the Winterfell arc will be wrapped up in ten.  I have no idea if Ramsay could have been secretly cast and filmed without any leeks is possible, but I hold out hope.  Maybe he takes Winterfell at the beginning of season three and we aren't shown the Bran and Rickon are alive until then? 
  I can't imagine they'll go two seasons without Theon, especially since Alfie Allen's performance has been so great.  It could be very interesting to see him defiant at first, then morphing slowly into Reek.  The Kyra and the keys part could be very compelling and horrifying.
1514	Arkash	2012-04-30	It is possible that Ramsay's been cast for ep  and nothing leaked, but highly improbable... I'm still thinking he will only appear under a helmet or a hood by the end of the season, and we'll see him next season torturing Theon... most obvious choice...
That, or it is Roose who takes his place, which would leave a vacant place for a Notherner bannerman to retake Harrenhal from Tywin...
This leads to Weasel Soup, which is something I'm afraid is going to be cut.
1515	Morky_Pep	2012-04-30	Ramsey is out this season. Roose is going to go up to winterfell to "take it back" then betray Rob without him knowing and fill Ramseys part. The season will end with Roose  burning Winterfell ...and then bringing a captured Theon back to the dreadfort and handing him over to his bastard son.(or this could happen very early season 3). Although the Reek = Ramsey thing was an awesome surprise, would be too confusing for tv show.. I will be happy with the above events, because it still sticks with the main story plots and reinforces the betrayel of Roose Bolton, which makes his part in the RW more vile and more identifyable to a TV audience.
1516	Ser Hippie	2012-04-30	I really don't see how Roose going to Winterfell makes sense unless they really really mess with the story. Him being at Harrenhal for Jaime is a key part of the dramatic "Jaime Lannister sends his regards", to say nothing of the importance of his presence at the Red Wedding itself.
More likely, if Ramsay isn't cast this season they're merely changing how his identity and culpability for what happens at Winterfell is revealed.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 30 April 2012 - 09:43 PM.
1517	teemo	2012-04-30	Well, I just wrote this in another thread, but I guess I'll expand on it.  Ramsay just can't be cut.  There is so much commotion right now over Joffrey's evilness.  Whenever I talk to someone, they just can't get over him.  Terrible, evil villains = ratings.  Because HBO can do whatever they want on tv (almost), they can really, really go all-out with Ramsay and just make him one of the worst television villains out there.  Thought Joffrey was bad?  Ha!  .....Why give up that opportunity?  He's also important to the plot.There's also the possibility that he's been kept under wraps and will be introduced this season, although I find this unlikely.  Didn't it happen with Polliver, however?  Polliver is not nearly as important as Ramsay though.  Anyway, at least a mention of Ramsay in the next couple of episodes would make me breathe a sigh of relief.  If Roose makes some kind of comment that he has no children I just might throw up.
1518	Frumpus	2012-05-01	I can't imagine that they would do that. Theon's ADwD storyline is a fan favorite. The torture and redemption that he goes through is also right up HBOs dramatic alley. I'm sure they would find ways to spread out his story enough to last through the other seasons.I agree completely, but let's be honest here, Theon's storyline has almost very little relevance to the major character storylines and the overall plot, so as awesome of a story as it was, it's certainly become one of the most expendable. No Ramsay, no Jeyne Poole, Roose Bolton's role has changed, we don't even know how Theon attacking Winterfell will play out this season. There are too many factors pointing to that story being cut.
1519	The Second Hand	2012-05-01	I think so much of this rearranging Dan and David have done is really needless and rarely improves upon Martin dramatically. Cutting Theon's demise is simply, well, an awful decision creatively.
1520	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-01	I agree completely, but let's be honest here, Theon's storyline has almost very little relevance to the major character storylines and the overall plot, so as awesome of a story as it was, it's certainly become one of the most expendable. No Ramsay, no Jeyne Poole, Roose Bolton's role has changed, we don't even know how Theon attacking Winterfell will play out this season. There are too many factors pointing to that story being cut.Yes, because Dany's useless storyline where she stays on Mereen for nine chapters is more important , ok whatever you say dude !
1521	victim	2012-05-01	I'm not sold on Ramsay/Reek being completely cut out, we know he won't be appearing directly but I can see him being mentioned to the point where non-readers will know who and what he is without ever seeing him; like Stannis in season 1.
Whether Robb asks Roose to retake Winterfell or not remains to be seen. I'm unsure what evidence there is on this. I can, however, see a change coming where Robb asks him to do this and perhaps Roose declares that Harrenhal is more important, leaving Winterfell to be retaken by his "bastard son", who is again only mentioned. Later on, we would see Theon being overwhelmed and Winterfell being sacked by an unnamed Bolton force, which the audience can only assume is being led by The Bastard of Bolton. Even non-readers should find this compelling and it also doesn't immediately out Roose as a villain, and stays true to the books in that way at least. 
So what this would mean is the only part of the twist that disappears is the question of who "Reek" is, but it's my opinion that Theon's decision about the miller's boys is so much more hard-hitting when it is his own.
I'm also imagining tonnes of Theon torture sequences that could be spread about through Season 3 and 4; such as his attempted escape with that girl. It would be very fitting if his torture was slow brooding, perhaps only a few scenes each season so we could see his slow decline into becoming the Reek he is by book 5. So perhaps Ramsay is introduced as early as Season 3?
Yeah, I'm not all that worried I guess.
1522	Arkash	2012-05-01	Didn't it happen with Polliver, however? Polliver is not nearly as important as Ramsay though.Polliver was officialy cast ! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1523	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-01	What if we've already seen Ramsay/Reek?
What if Ramsay is named Dagmer Cleftjaw?
Hear my reasoning befor skinning me:
1) Dagmer seems to be a different character than in the books in that he's not the older advisor given to Theon to oversee/help him. Also, he doesn't have that huge scar, so his second name most definately is not Cleftjaw in the show /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2) Dagmer seems to be an outsider with the Iron Islanders, as Black Lorren also goes to the ship without him. Also, with Black Lorren cast, they have another superfluous Iron Islander being able to stay behind at Torrhen's Square.
3) Dagmer plays Theon like a fiddle, putting the plan to take Torrhen's Square, but then leaving the coin to fall about taking Winterfell to Theon.
4) Dagmer knows the North quite well. He knows the approximate distances and he also believes that they can take Winterfell. In the books, that falls to Theon as he's the only one that lived in Winterfell and knows where to climb the walls with rope.
If that's not true, I do guess that Dagmer will advise Theon regarding the Millers Boys, that'd fit how he talks in the scene in this episode.
Now, the story twists I imagine to make this work:
I) Roose Bolton banishes Ramsay into exile for killing his true born son. Ramsay goes to the Iron Islands.
II) Ramsay/Dagmer can convince Theon that he wants revenge on the Starks and his Father so that's why he helps him and why he's able to get troops from the Dreadfort. The price for Ramsays cooperation would be the Dreadfort, something Theon would grant him.
III) Ramsay/Dagmer can convince Rodrik Cassel since he's from the North.
IV) Ramsay/Dagmer has a motivation to turn on Theon since he is a Northener and thinks low of the Ironborn.
The storyline benefits are clear as well:
You streamline two characters into one, one who is only used for exposition on the Ironborn (Dagmer) and you introduce one very important one earlier, thus giving the audience more time to remember him (Ramsay).
You keep the mixup shenaningans but bind them into the overall story without opening a wholly new one (Dreadfort, the Lady Ramsay tortures, etc. ..).
And most importantly, you have a big suprise for the hardcore fans since everybody has been doing a Reekgate and not concentrating on Dagmer. This way, they were able to cast him and still surprise everybody.
The only thing going against this theory is if the actor cast for Roose Bolton could conceivably be the father of the actor cast for Dagmer/Ramsay?
					
					
							Edited by Peasant Rebel Leader, 01 May 2012 - 06:40 AM.
1524	Mendoza	2012-05-01	You don't need to bring in Ramsey until (if) the show gets to season 5, when AFFC/ADWD will get sorted into a tv show (good luck, show runners).  All he's doing during Storm is flaying Theon at Dreadfort if I recall correctly.  Have Roose give Robb a piece of Theon as they build to the Red Wedding just to remind people of Theon, and then you bring in fake Arya at the end of season 4.  I've head theories that Ros would play the role of fake Arya (ugh, I know).  Ramsey playing Theon's Reek this season isn't necessary.  Roose can sack Winterfell.
1525	Nuttz	2012-05-01	What if we've already seen Ramsay/Reek?What if Ramsay is named Dagmer Cleftjaw?Hear my reasoning for skinning me:1) Dagmer seems to be a different character than in the books in that he's not the older advisor given to Theon to oversee/help him. Also, he doesn't have that huge scar, so his second name most definately is not Cleftjaw in the show /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />2) Dagmer seems to be an outsider with the Iron Islanders, as Black Lorren also goes to the ship without him. Also, with Black Lorren cast, they have another superfluous Iron Islander being able to stay behind at Torrhen's Square.3) Dagmer plays Theon like a fiddle, putting the plan to take Torrhen's Square, but then leaving the coin to fall about taking Winterfell to Theon.4) Dagmer knows the North quite well. He knows the approximate distances and he also believes that they can take Winterfell. In the books, that falls to Theon as he's the only one that lived in Winterfell and knows where to climb the walls with rope.If that's not true, I do guess that Dagmer will advise Theon regarding the Millers Boys, that'd fit how he talks in the scene in this episode.Now, the story twists I imagine to make this work:I) Roose Bolton banishes Ramsay into exile for killing his true born son. Ramsay goes to the Iron Islands.II) Ramsay/Dagmer can convince Theon that he wants revenge on the Starks and his Father so that's why he helps him and why he's able to get troops from the Dreadfort. The price for Ramsays cooperation would be the Dreadfort, something Theon would grant him.III) Ramsay/Dagmer can convince Rodrik Cassel since he's from the North.IV) Ramsay/Dagmer has a motivation to turn on Theon since he is a Northener and thinks low of the Ironborn.The storyline benefits are clear as well:You streamline two characters into one, one who is only used for exposition on the Ironborn (Dagmer) and you introduce one very important one earlier, thus giving the audience more time to remember him (Ramsay).You keep the mixup shenaningans but bind them into the overall story without opening a wholly new one (Dreadfort, the Lady Ramsay tortures, etc. ..).And most importantly, you have a big suprise for the hardcore fans since everybody has been doing a Reekgate and not concentrating on Dagmer. This way, they were able to cast him and still surprise everybody.The only thing going against this theory is if the actor cast for Roose Bolton could conceivably be the father of the actor cast for Dagmer/Ramsay?I actually really like this, has potential to be better than the book version I think, provided they pull it off. Just to possibly add to that theory, is this video here: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=5HKlKK2FlFoAlfie Allen is talking about a particular scene which he was told looked great by Dagmer's actor. When the interviewer asks who this actor plays, Alfie kind of pauses for a bit, as if to be careful he doens't give away a big plot twist. Of course, this just could be him trying to remember the character's name, but hey, it's something.
1526	House Snow	2012-05-01	I think that is an interesting theory.  The other reason is that  the actor they hired seems a little too accomplished to be playing Cleftjaw.   And the way they did it in the show attacking was "someone elses" idea.  Against it though is that the guy is kind of old to be bolton's son.
1527	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-01	As awesome as that is, it does seem a little... intricate. But eh.
Chris Finch from the Office being Dagmer always struck me as a little amusing. He was the most insufferable dick in the entire series, but Dagmer was a relatively okay chap. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Ramsay, though...
1528	victim	2012-05-01	I actually really like this, has potential to be better than the book version I think, provided they pull it off. Just to possibly add to that theory, is this video here: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=5HKlKK2FlFoAlfie Allen is talking about a particular scene which he was told looked great by Dagmer's actor. When the interviewer asks who this actor plays, Alfie kind of pauses for a bit, as if to be careful he doens't give away a big plot twist. Of course, this just could be him trying to remember the character's name, but hey, it's something.Interesting... Why would the actor who plays Dagmer even have seen any of the Winterfell chapters when his character is supposedly left at Torrhen's Square? Dagmer's been changed a fair bit so he may just be someone who sticks with Theon throughout his little "Prince" escapade but you never know. It's highly unlikely, but interesting none the less.He is a little too old to be Ramsay, and why would he be the first mate for the Sea-Bitch when he is an outsider himself?
					
					
							Edited by victim, 01 May 2012 - 07:52 AM.
1529	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-01	I think it's pretty clear that Dagmer will not stay behind at Torrens Square even if he's just Dagmer. The TV show will not show the fight there since a) it's already happened and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the taking of Winterfell is more exciting and there's only so much screentime. Why introduce Dagmer and have him say his name if he stays behind? You also need someone to go on a hunt with Theon and that could be of course both Black Lorren or Dagmer.
And of course we don't know how far they take the story this season...
I am also not sure why Dagmer would be so high on a Ironborn ship but I guess you could explain that away by "it's TV"... However he is a little bit too old and after I compared Dagmer and Roose I remain unconvinced...
But one refinement I can add to the theory: It's Eddard Stark who banishes Ramsay this way you can namedrop Ned again, you show his honor, you create a grudge for "Dagmer" to attak the Stark Boys and you leave a way open for Roose to accept Ramsay back as a son.
1530	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-01	In TV, you can't see the thoughts of the POV character, so they need a character for Theon to talk to. That role seems to go to Dagmar. He seems to be a different character who just happens to have the name of a minor canon character, probably as a nod to the fans.
1531	Arkash	2012-05-01	I dont think Dagmer is Ramsay either, Dagmer is just there, as said in the previous post, so Theon can talk to him, the only way to retranscript inner monologues visually...
1532	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-05-01	Whether Robb asks Roose to retake Winterfell or not remains to be seen. I'm unsure what evidence there is on this. I can, however, see a change coming where Robb asks him to do this and perhaps Roose declares that Harrenhal is more important, leaving Winterfell to be retaken by his "bastard son", who is again only mentioned. Later on, we would see Theon being overwhelmed and Winterfell being sacked by an unnamed Bolton force, which the audience can only assume is being led by The Bastard of Bolton. Even non-readers should find this compelling and it also doesn't immediately out Roose as a villain, and stays true to the books in that way at least.Given that Bolton cannot himself go north (what with the ironborn controlling the allegedly-inexpugnable-from-the-south Neck), I think it will play out somewhat like that. I, for once, believe the conclusion of Theon's arc will have some impact in the grand scheme of things and I can't see them leaving Ramsey out of the equation. Plus, I loved the Roose-Ramsay, Theon-Ramsay and Theon-Roose dynamics in ADWD and I really hope it doesn't get edited out, but hey this might be all just wishful thinking /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1533	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-05-01	What if we've already seen Ramsay/Reek?What if Ramsay is named Dagmer Cleftjaw?Hear my reasoning befor skinning me:1) Dagmer seems to be a different character than in the books in that he's not the older advisor given to Theon to oversee/help him. Also, he doesn't have that huge scar, so his second name most definately is not Cleftjaw in the show /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />2) Dagmer seems to be an outsider with the Iron Islanders, as Black Lorren also goes to the ship without him. Also, with Black Lorren cast, they have another superfluous Iron Islander being able to stay behind at Torrhen's Square.3) Dagmer plays Theon like a fiddle, putting the plan to take Torrhen's Square, but then leaving the coin to fall about taking Winterfell to Theon.4) Dagmer knows the North quite well. He knows the approximate distances and he also believes that they can take Winterfell. In the books, that falls to Theon as he's the only one that lived in Winterfell and knows where to climb the walls with rope.If that's not true, I do guess that Dagmer will advise Theon regarding the Millers Boys, that'd fit how he talks in the scene in this episode.Now, the story twists I imagine to make this work:I) Roose Bolton banishes Ramsay into exile for killing his true born son. Ramsay goes to the Iron Islands.II) Ramsay/Dagmer can convince Theon that he wants revenge on the Starks and his Father so that's why he helps him and why he's able to get troops from the Dreadfort. The price for Ramsays cooperation would be the Dreadfort, something Theon would grant him.III) Ramsay/Dagmer can convince Rodrik Cassel since he's from the North.IV) Ramsay/Dagmer has a motivation to turn on Theon since he is a Northener and thinks low of the Ironborn.The storyline benefits are clear as well:You streamline two characters into one, one who is only used for exposition on the Ironborn (Dagmer) and you introduce one very important one earlier, thus giving the audience more time to remember him (Ramsay).You keep the mixup shenaningans but bind them into the overall story without opening a wholly new one (Dreadfort, the Lady Ramsay tortures, etc. ..).And most importantly, you have a big suprise for the hardcore fans since everybody has been doing a Reekgate and not concentrating on Dagmer. This way, they were able to cast him and still surprise everybody.The only thing going against this theory is if the actor cast for Roose Bolton could conceivably be the father of the actor cast for Dagmer/Ramsay?Interesting... Why would the actor who plays Dagmer even have seen any of the Winterfell chapters when his character is supposedly left at Torrhen's Square? Dagmer's been changed a fair bit so he may just be someone who sticks with Theon throughout his little "Prince" escapade but you never know. It's highly unlikely, but interesting none the less.He is a little too old to be Ramsay, and why would he be the first mate for the Sea-Bitch when he is an outsider himself?That would be a really interesting way of going around it but I have to admit that the age and rank issues do take the wind a bit out of my sails there /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1534	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-01	I dont think Dagmer is Ramsay either, Dagmer is just there, as said in the previous post, so Theon can talk to him, the only way to retranscript inner monologues visually...Then what do we have Black Lorren for? They cast two just for that one scene? I do agree that it is a very distinct possibility, but the need for a retranscript of inner monologue doesn't mean that it has to be only that.In TV, you can't see the thoughts of the POV character, so they need a character for Theon to talk to. That role seems to go to Dagmar. He seems to be a different character who just happens to have the name of a minor canon character, probably as a nod to the fans.Yes I do agree. However, that's no argument that he can't be more than this. I don't say it's likely, it's just a possibility.
1535	Tadco26	2012-05-01	The best suggestion I have seen is to have Roose order his bastard to retake Winterfell and we just don't see the results until next season.  We miss out on ramsay/Reek that way, which is unfortunate, but I struggle to see a way they could keep him in the story if he isn't cast yet.  I do think not casting him this season will result in some pretty significant changes though since:
1)  Not having an initial Reek makes Theon being called Reek less significant.
2)  Reek is the one who suggests killing the miller's sons.
3)  Reek goes to get "help" for Theon, and because he believes he is being helped he lets them in.  The whole sense of lost and considering taking the black, to feeling saved, to what happens next will not be the same if Theon never considers Ramsay a savior.
4)  The whole scene where Ramsay flips the tables on Theon when Theon is "rewarding" him for his help, and starts his decent from lord to Reek.
I guess we will find out in the next few weeks.
1536	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-01	What if we've already seen Ramsay/Reek?What if Ramsay is named Dagmer Cleftjaw?.........................................................This could very well be true. It seems very plausible to me. Especially since the producers started to merge characters.In that case, Roose would probably be responsible for things that Ramsey does in the books (in ADwD)
1537	catstory	2012-05-01	Someone is another thread suggested that Reek might have been shown as a cloaked figure in the back of the Winterfell hall in the scene where Bran sends the orphan boys to go help the farmer. Did anyone else notice that?
1538	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-01	I felt a very strong vibe that Dagmer was going to be revealed as Ramsay until I came to this thread.
The reasons :
1. No announced casting of Reek this season just doesn't seem to make sense
2. Harder to play up the redemption of Theon if someone didn't plant the idea of killing the Miller's boys
3. Dagmer isn't recognized by Theon in the show for some reason
4. Dagmer is sympathetic to Theon when nobody else is, and he seems distant from the other Ironborn.
5. Dagmer's sympathy seems to be motivated by having a leading conversation with Theon to give him the Idea of taking Winterfell.
6. If Dagmer were really Dagmer wouldn't he be smart enough to know they could take Winterfell, but never hold it?
7. No real evidence of Asha seeming to recognize Dagmer.
The age is wrong for Dagmer to be Ramsay, but this doesn't bother me so much because the actor at least looks young enough to be the son of the actor playing Roose.
It would be a brilliant stroke to "out-Reek" the book readers by giving them a shock Ramsay reveal.
The only major issue I see right now is the question of Dagmer being the first mate to Theon.  That would be a pretty deep infiltration of the rather alien Ironborn culture.
Does he actually state in the show that he is the first mate?  If not, I'm still sniffing Reek on this one.
Medium level complications would be needing familiarity enough with the Ironborn to pass muster on cultural issues, mannerisms, way of speaking, and developing the level of sailing abilities on their ships to not look like a flayed man out of water.
					
					
							Edited by turnipspreventscurvy, 01 May 2012 - 06:57 PM.
1539	The Second Hand	2012-05-01	They don't announce every cast member, especially one that will only have a minimal part this season. So no, Dagmer probably isn't our Ramsay. It doesn't make a lick of sense, either, considering that Ramsay eventually rallies the North (how could Dagmer ever do that?).
1540	congokong	2012-05-01	This season the writers have been gradually diverging from the books. No Reeds? Probaby no Ramsay? Will we even recognize the series by season 6 or 7 when Ramsay would otherwise become a prominent villian in the north?
1541	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-01	I just rewatched the scene, and Dagmer does say he is Theon's first mate, he kind of mumbles it so it's easy to miss.
I guess that means he's not Ramsay, but in the meantime he could be the one who comes up with the idea to kill the Miller's kids.
Then they could have Ramsay show up next season, get the audience rooting for him in some kind of revenge fantasy, then gradually have their stomachs turned realizing what a sick "bastard" he really is.
1542	Carey Snow	2012-05-01	From the preview of next weeks episode and the vision that Bran has, 'water flowing over the walls of Winterfell, and Ser Rodrick Cassel drowning'; can it now be understood that there will be no Reek - Ramsey character involved in the TV series. In addition, if you caught the preview, you will have seen Roose Bolton delivering a message to King Robb about Torren's Square being attacked.Will we get a plot where Robb will send Roose up north to deal with the problem, or will Roose suggest to send for his so-far-as-now unknown bastard Ramsey to deal with this problem?**********spoilers of course************ If I remember correctly, Reek does not become prominent till after Theon takes Winterfell which has not happened yet. Reek helps Theon look for the missing boys. There is still time to introduce Reek. Of course this may not happen till season 3 depending on how quickly Theon takes Winterfell.
1543	Carey Snow	2012-05-01	I dont think Dagmer is Ramsay either, Dagmer is just there, as said in the previous post, so Theon can talk to him, the only way to retranscript inner monologues visually...I agree. Dagmer Cleftjaw is Dagmer Cleftjaw the second in command in Theon's ship just like he is in the book. He is an Iron Born not a Northman. Ramsay/Reek is a Northman.On page 545 of the paperback version of aCoK Theon and Dagmer concoct their plan to take Winterfell almost word for word like it is on the show.Reek is not introduced until Bran's chapter later in the book when Bran is brought before Theon. Reek was a prisoner at Winterfell who Theon frees after he takes Winterfell. pg 673 in my version.
					
					
							Edited by Carey Snow, 01 May 2012 - 08:54 PM.
1544	congokong	2012-05-01	Reek is not introduced until Bran's chapter later in the book when Bran is brought before Theon. Reek was a prisoner at Winterfell who Theon frees after he takes Winterfell. pg 673 in my version.No, Reek is introduced around this point of the show. Sir Roderic brings him in after that Lady Hornwood business. Jojen then had the dreams about Bran and Rickon's bodies lying over Reek. Later Theon releases him.
1545	Carey Snow	2012-05-01	No, Reek is introduced around this point of the show. Sir Roderic brings him in after that Lady Hornwood business. Jojen then had the dreams about Bran and Rickon's bodies lying over Reek. Later Theon releases him.Okay, you are right. Still that is in Winterfell not the Iron Islands. Plus it would just take up screen time at this point for little reason. I think they are going to introduce him after Theon takes Winterfell. They may save it till season three depending on how far they get with Theon's/Bran's stories in season 2.
1546	The Second Hand	2012-05-01	My thoughts are this --
206
Theon takes Winterfell. Theon and Bran have discussion. Totally unneccessary sex scene between Theon and some wench. Ramsay introduced in line-up of prisoners. Easy.
1547	catstory	2012-05-01	We are all freaking out about no Ramsey. But what would happen to Theon without him? The producers have spent a lot of time on Theon, and Ramsey is essential to his development. I think Ramsey will be minor this season, and will have a greater role in S3.
1548	congokong	2012-05-01	We are all freaking out about no Ramsey. But what would happen to Theon without him? The producers have spent a lot of time on Theon, and Ramsey is essential to his development. I think Ramsey will be minor this season, and will have a greater role in S3.The same argument could be said for the Reeds and Bran's development. And it's clear the Reeds are not in it. So maybe they'll merge the Ramsay character into Roose (terrible idea) like they did with the Reeds and Osha.Bran's story arc has been terrible this season with the lack of Frey children, Winterfell feast, Reeds, and Lady Dustin and the bastard of Bolton business. Yet the writers don't seem to care, so why should they about Theon?
1549	congokong	2012-05-01	Okay, you are right. Still that is in Winterfell not the Iron Islands. Plus it would just take up screen time at this point for little reason. I think they are going to introduce him after Theon takes Winterfell. They may save it till season three depending on how far they get with Theon's/Bran's stories in season 2.It would be nice to know who the hell Reek/Ramsay is if he's going to be introduced. I figured if he was going to show up we'd have some plot regarding Lady Hornwood. That would have been a great introduction to what Ramsay is. The only reason they wouldn't show what Ramsay did on-screen would be to conceal that Reek is Ramsay. But why would the audience care when the character hasn't even been mentioned yet?
1550	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-01	Heck, maybe we'll find out that Roose wanted to nothing to do with his Bastard get, and he wound up making his way to the Iron Islands in the aftermath of Balon's ridiculous rebellion when they had a need for a few mediocre men over there to man the ships.  He assimilated to Ironborn culture, earned their respect, became a first mate on one of the Iron Born ships, took the name Dagmer.  He'll "suggest" the easily manipulated and conflicted Theon into taking Winterfell, knowing full well it is a fools errand, glean Theon's knowledge of winter fell itself, suggest the murder of the Miller's boys to leave the claim questionable with Robb in the south and cut off, when things obviously end up bad, he'll tell Theon he'll rally up some more fighters, launch the retaking of Winterfell, win recognition from his father, become Ramsay Bolton, giving Roose motivation to clean up the Stark lineage at the Red Wedding. Big reveal, the small folk cheer Theon's torture for a while, before becoming sickened by it along with Ramsay's misadventures, the realize what a Psycho he really is.
I know, ain't gonna happen, but it would be all kinds of awesome for the casual viewer and the book reader both, we get a shock at a change that doesn't alter the later story, they get salt in their mouth as the wages of their vigilante revenge fantasies going so horribly awry, etc.
Won't happen, but it should.  Someone needs to whisper "kill the Miller's boys" in Theon's ear, and  from what some have seen on the HBO website, this has to go down by the end of the year.
Please give me a cool change like this that will shock the book readers...  Please...
1551	Arkash	2012-05-02	On page 545 of the paperback version of aCoK Theon and Dagmer concoct their plan to take Winterfell almost word for word like it is on the show.This...I'm in the team hundred percent sure Dagmer is not Ramsay.We're so frustrated Ramsay hasnt been cast that we see him everywhere, but I'm quite sure he'll be in next season.
1552	Groat	2012-05-02	The same argument could be said for the Reeds and Bran's development. And it's clear the Reeds are not in it. So maybe they'll merge the Ramsay character into Roose (terrible idea) like they did with the Reeds and Osha.Bran's story arc has been terrible this season with the lack of Frey children, Winterfell feast, Reeds, and Lady Dustin and the bastard of Bolton business. Yet the writers don't seem to care, so why should they about Theon?Totally agree and this really bothers me. Bran is a huge part of the story with an important role to play, and they're not giving his story its due. They spend all this screen time with Bran dealing with lords needing more masons because of Robb's war, and a shepherd needing orphans to tend his flock. "Sometime being a lord means talking with people you'd rather not talk to". What is this doing for the story? How hard would it be to scrap those scenes and just introduce Meera, Jojen, the Frey kids, and the Lady Hornwood story. They don't even need to cast Lady Hornwood, just bring news of the Bastard forcibly marrying her instead of Joe Blow minor lord complaining about his castle falling apart and Robb's war. I think it's pretty clear that Roose will not be taking Harrenhal, and the whole "Eastern Campaign" of Roose, where other Northern houses lose battles, is going to be completely scrapped.Also, with out the Reeds, what's going to happen to Rickon? (Assuming Osha takes Bran North of the Wall). I am going to be so upset if Maester Luwin ends up taking Rickon to Skagos.
					
					
							Edited by Groat, 02 May 2012 - 06:47 AM.
1553	Bayard	2012-05-02	I'm not really worried about Ramsay, he will appear next season. I heard in an interview of D&D that Theon's story is their favourite in this book, and probably in the entire books. It was clear from the first season where Theon was a lot more important then in the books. It's only a matter of money, they will not cast actors for only 1,2 episodes .... so I think that the entire story with the miller's kids will be entirely Theon's and we shall see moved the thing with Asha, Reek, and the sacking to the beginning of season 3. It works very well... and they could keep the Reek part. 
PS: If they really do merge Ramsay and Roose.... well, they are simply /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1554	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-02	I'm in the team hundred percent sure Dagmer is not Ramsay.I think he might take the role of the bad voice whispering in Theon's ear that Ramsay did in the books.
1555	House Snow	2012-05-02	^Yeah I guess it doesn't really matter if its Ramsey or someone else that urges the killing, but it definitely shouldn't be Theon's own idea.  The writers have to find the balance of making people pissed at Theon but not so much that they can't have sympathy later on.  Overall I'm not worried that he will be cut.  I mean if the writers said screw it we are making almost nothing from Feast and Dance, I think the one thing they would keep is Theons storyline. Its good and easily managed.
1556	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-02	The same argument could be said for the Reeds and Bran's development. And it's clear the Reeds are not in it. So maybe they'll merge the Ramsay character into Roose (terrible idea) like they did with the Reeds and Osha.Bran's story arc has been terrible this season with the lack of Frey children, Winterfell feast, Reeds, and Lady Dustin and the bastard of Bolton business. Yet the writers don't seem to care, so why should they about Theon?It's pretty incomparable. Bran's storyline went nowhere until it intertwined with Theon's in the books, too (your mileage may vary, but it bored me a little at least), and Ramsay was integral to the climax of that. It set the Boltons up as a ticking time bomb, in a shocker ending that no one saw coming. Great writing, and it only improved from there when we caught up with Theo- Reek a while later.I just can't fathom how the guys whose stated goal is to "make as faithful an adaption as we can of A Song of Ice and Fire" can alter Theon's downfall so drastically. Ramsay is like the bloody main antagonist of book five; he has an axe to grind with everyone, and what he did to Winterfell in the backdrop of all that is just... ugh. Such delicious intrigue.Might work. Might not. It's one hell of a liberty to take, though; fundamentally changing a storyline as utterly massive as the heart-wrenching sack of Winterfell courtesy of the evil bastard of the north/Jon Snow's ultimate foil might prove unwise in the future.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 02 May 2012 - 07:31 PM.
1557	congokong	2012-05-02	It's pretty incomparable. Bran's storyline went nowhere until it intertwined with Theon's in the books, too (your mileage may vary, but it bored me a little at least), and Ramsay was integral to the climax of that. It set the Boltons up as a ticking time bomb, in a shocker ending that no one saw coming. Great writing, and it only improved from there when we caught up with Theo- Reek a while later.I just can't fathom how the guys whose stated goal is to "make as faithful adaption as we can of A Song of Ice and Fire" can alter Theon's downfall so drastically. Ramsay is like the bloody main antagonist of book five; he has an axe to grind with everyone, and what he did to Winterfell in the backdrop of all that is just... ugh. Such delicious intrigue.Might work. Might not. It's one hell of a liberty to take, though; fundamentally changing a storyline as utterly massive as the heart-wrenching sack of Winterfell courtesy of the evil bastard of the north might prove unwise in the future.When did the writers say they were trying to make as faithful an adaption as possible? When they were writing the first season? I ask because the second season has drastically shifted from the books. Many of the scenes don't even occur in the books. This was not the case in the first season. At this point I think they're trying to "make it their own." And it's not just the big things like lack of Reeds/Ramsay/Edmure, etc., added scenes like Shae not knowing how to chores, or different dialogue, but little things like Dagmer suggesting the Winterfell plan to Theon instead of vice versa in the books. Why would they have killed Silver in the show if they want to stay true? It did nothing for the story but take up screen time. This season there have been endless examples of changes that can't be explained by "budget" if they want to keep it faithful. No, I see the show gradually being very different from the books.
1558	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-02	Reeds will be in next season i bet and your crazy if you think ramsey wont be in the show.. BE PATIENT!!!!!!
1559	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-02	Fuck patience.
He might become more prominent later on in the story but the dynamic between Theon/Reek is integral to the role reversal that comes after.
I'm really not much of a purist and can accept some of the changes but this really shits on the impact of Ramsay as a character.
1560	Strider	2012-05-05	I suspect we need to prepare ourselves.  Ramsay will not be in the series.  His role will be fulfilled in and by Roose.  After all, how many socioopaths can a TV series adequately present?  
Is Ramsey absolutely necessary to the narrative?  Yes, I know he is different from his father, but if push comes to shove, why can't Roose be the one who makes Theon into Reek?  Yes, narrative changes will have to be made, but will these changes violate the heart of the story?
1561	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-05	Ramsey Bolton MUST be included.
I hate the guy but he's a terrific villian and gives new meaning to the phrase "I'm gonna get medievil on your ass"
1562	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-05	Is Ramsey absolutely necessary to the narrative?  Yes, I know he is different from his father, but if push comes to shove, why can't Roose be the one who makes Theon into Reek?  Yes, narrative changes will have to be made, but will these changes violate the heart of the story?Roose and Ramsay have an interesting dynamic which justifies having both of them. TV really lives and dies on characters who interact with each other in an interesting way, and "Roose tortures everyone, all the time" is not as interesting as the tension between father and son, both equally bad but in different ways.
1563	Helyn Snow	2012-05-06	As I mentioned in another post we need Ramsey to fill the psycho role so that the audience are still shocked when they find out Roose was involved in planning the Red Wedding. If Roose takes on the Ramsey role it wouldn't be such a surprise. Also, talking of the Red Wedding, it is important for Roose to marry into the Freys - having him marry Fake Arya instead (whoever they are going to get instead of Jeyne) is not just a vile thought, but Roose has to be literally in bed with the Freys.
1564	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-06	I want my Reek back, Dave&Dan. Give him to me, and I will not trouble you and your casting department. Keep him from me, and... well, you know how this goes.
1565	Davos55	2012-05-06	I want my Reek back, Dave&Dan. Give him to me, and I will not trouble you and your casting department. Keep him from me, and... well, you know how this goes.Was it a coincidence this was your 666th post Jaime?!?
1566	cromagnificent	2012-05-06	It'll be a goddamn shame if we don't get Ramsey, don't get the Reeds, don't get the Red Viper,or the Blackfish, Vargo Hoat, or anyone else HBO cares to cut. A shame yet not the least bit surprising. HBO disses characters like George kills them off. This is a dissapointment we need to accept if we're going to watch any book on tv.Rorge has a nose for Christ's sake. The fact is that readers are a small minority of people watching this show. Most folks are just watching whatever's on HBO on a sunday night whether its GoT,True Blood, or The Sopranos. Although Ramsey is one of my most hated(and therefore most interesting)characters, I am fully prepared to not see him at all,judging by the way the shows been going this season.They pulled us in with a relatively pure first season, and now they have begun taking the liberties we knew were coming eventually. Even if they made every episode 3 hours long plot points would still fall by the wayside. Lady Hornwood? c'mon. It's a 10 hour season minus one hour of random whore scenes. "Based on ASoIaF".Expect a lot more WTF moments.
1567	madman2711	2012-05-07	stay calm guys Ramsey is on board i almost jumped from the sofa
1568	BondJamesBond	2012-04-29	The actress playing her is tall but how on earth did they made her so big?
She is a pretty badass fighter too.  I was pretty shocked how realistic they made it.
1569	Thunderfist	2012-04-30	I think sheÂ´s about 191 cm (6,3), add some muscles, some extra padding perhaps, some plate armor and you have one really big actress
1570	Envie	2012-04-30	Yes, she's massive. And so far we've seen her next to smaller actors like Catelyn and even Renly, who isn't a big guy - so she looks even larger. Plus with her armor, she's quite intimidating looking.
1571	Raylan Stark	2012-04-30	I remember some of us worried that she was too thin (and pretty) when her name first started circulating as a possibility for Brienne.  Yes she was tall.  VERY tall.  But she was lean.
What she went through to prepare for the role is amazing.  And she has nailed it.  Brienne tonight was astonishing.  Her cry of anguish at Renly's death gave me chills.  Her awkward formality with Cat made me smile.
					
					
							Edited by Raylan Stark, 30 April 2012 - 04:26 AM.
1572	Hour of the Wolf	2012-04-30	I really didn't like her reaction to Renly's death.  It didn't feel genuine at all.  Then, when she gives her service to Catelyn, it didn't seem believable with her hatred towards Stannis.  I don't think she has Brienne's personality right at all.  The fight scene in the tent was impressive though.
1573	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	I think she is doing a great job - it isn't just about her size, watching her walk in the first episode we see her near Catelyn - she doesn't even come close to walking like "a lady".
I think she nailed the scene in the tent - my take is that she has never been able to deal with emotions well and this is the first time she has really been able to show them.  Unfortunately for her, it happens to be to a dead man she loved.
I like that she is ungainly not only in how she moves (outside of fighting), but also how she deals with others, especially Catelyn.
1574	WinterWarrior	2012-04-30	Gwendolyn Christie is doing an excellent job with the Brienne character, she has totally nailed it and Brienne is exactly how I pictured her when I read the books. Her anguish when Renley was killed really had an impact on me and I just love this character. Her honor, naivete and tendency to be stubborn and fiercely loyal is coming through 100% in the way Christie plays Brienne. Probably one of the best casting jobs in the whole series.
I can't wait to see more and more of her throughout the years.....
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 30 April 2012 - 07:39 AM.
1575	Carne	2012-04-30	She comes off as more confident than I remember her from the book.
Especially when Renly let's her join the Rainbow guard. Maybe I don't remember correctly, but wasn't she really nervous?
1576	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	In interviews she said she has spent months doing weight training for the role to make her physical appearance more Brienne-like.  It's apparent not only from that, but especially from her performance, that she has dedicated herself 100% to bringing Brienne to life on screen.  Color me quite impressed by the fight sequence in particular, that couldn't have been easy for her to pull off.
					
					
							Edited by Ferrum Aeternum, 30 April 2012 - 07:51 AM.
1577	whiteraven77	2012-04-30	Brienne is one of my favorite characters from the book and I have to admit that I didn't really like her at first on the show. However, once I watched her first episode again I started to warm up to her and last night I thought she was perfect. I had chills when she pledged fealty to Catelyn.
1578	DrogonEatsYou	2012-04-30	IMO, Gwendolyn Christie playing Brienne has been brilliant so far.  When reading the books I pictured her this way, just this massive figure that could stand against any man that came her way.  I especially like her battle scenes, like in the tent where she took out those two gaurds, driving the sword in the back of the neck from behind.... eww, that made me cringe, but just re-emphasized more for me what a bad@ss she is!
					
					
							Edited by DrogonEatsYou, 30 April 2012 - 10:59 AM.
1579	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	I love the character of Brienne, my favorite adult female in the entire story. Everything the actor has done with the character so far has my complete approval, really glad we were able to get someone so dedicated.
That fight scene was absolutely brutal and perfect!
1580	Katydid	2012-04-30	If those few brief seconds of her kicking all levels of ass in Renly's tent are any indication of what Gwen learned in terms of how Brienne will handle a sword, then Bri's fight with Jaime at the creekside should be epic!
1581	teemo	2012-04-30	She's a great actress.  I love how seriously she took this role.  She is also really "awkward," like she never feels quite comfortable in her skin, and that's so Brienne.  She's nailed it.
1582	Husband to Bears	2012-04-30	Brienne is wonderfully cast, and I am really glad that Nikolaj is also listed at 6'2".
Was having Renly's guard wear actual Rainbow cloaks too blatant after seeing Renly and Loras' sex scenes?  The cloaks were always a nice hint into Renley's sexuality but probably a little to corny to see in the series.
					
					
							Edited by Husband to Bears, 30 April 2012 - 12:01 PM.
1583	Rob Snow	2012-04-30	Peter Dinklage aside, Gwendolyn Christie's portrayal of Briene, has been the best thing about Season 2.
1584	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-30	She's brilliant as Brienne. Can't wait to see more of her.
1585	Fredwin	2012-04-30	I don't think Brienne could possibly be portrayed better than this. She's been absolutely perfect so far. I think the people that felt the acting was off are just being distracted by the breakneck pace of the show. Her cry of anguish seemed pretty emotionally  intense to me. Not sure how you could ask for more.
1586	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-30	Love her and that fight scene was brilliant, boy she is tall.well done Gwen!
1587	Anvilbreaker	2012-04-30	It annoyed me that they had her kill the guards in renly's tent. later on in the book they make it clear when her first kills are
1588	strifed169	2012-04-30	She overacted on Renly's death, crying her eyes out than turning her emotions on a dime to escape, not gonna sugar coat it, her acting was pretty bad that scene.
1589	LifeRuiner	2012-05-01	I think that Gwendolyn Christie's Brienne has a fantastic presence, both physical and acting-wise. I'm barely aware of anyone else in a scene whenever she's on the screen.
1590	Katydid	2012-05-01	She overacted on Renly's death, crying her eyes out than turning her emotions on a dime to escape, not gonna sugar coat it, her acting was pretty bad that scene.I actually thought she nailed it pretty perfectly, given what is described in the book.  When Renly is cut, she screams "NO!"  As she's holding him when he collapses, she throws her head back and howls in 'wordless anguish'.  And she immediately jumps into combat mode, until Catelyn knocks one of them out and they make a fast escape. The scene was acted and directed spot-on, IMO!
1591	boojam	2012-05-01	I figured they would be able to fix up the physical stuff, I was worried Gwendolyn Christie could not carry the character drama. She has really nailed that part of it, a warrior woman with an inner wall , a little awkward and self conscious , tho somewhat guileless she also shows her cleverness later on. It's a tough role. Can hardly believe how good this cast is.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 May 2012 - 12:25 PM.
1592	My Little Kraken	2012-05-01	I actually thought she nailed it pretty perfectly, given what is described in the book.  When Renly is cut, she screams "NO!"  As she's holding him when he collapses, she throws her head back and howls in 'wordless anguish'.  And she immediately jumps into combat mode, until Catelyn knocks one of them out and they make a fast escape.The scene was acted and directed spot-on, IMO!Everything she does and says is kind of clunky but that's what makes it work.    I think the general clunkiness also helps establish how well armored she is, both literally and figuratively.
1593	Katydid	2012-05-01	Everything she does and says is kind of clunky but that's what makes it work.	I think the general clunkiness also helps establish how well armored she is, both literally and figuratively.I agree.  She's described as awkward many times in the text, and the way Gwen has adapted Brienne's movements (especially the way she walks) illustrate that.  In the scene where she pledges herself to Cat, Martin writes "The tall girl knelt awkwardly, unsheathed Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s longsword, and laid it at [Catelyn's] feet." - - I remember thinking to myself 'PERFECT' when I saw the scene Sunday night, the way she had to get that entire 6'3" frame down to the ground, and how clumsily she seemed to kneel.However, during the fight scene in Renly's tent, her movements were anything but awkward.  She was fast & fluid, which is how I always imagined Brienne fighting.  Looked to me like Gwen did some serious training!
					
					
							Edited by Katydid, 01 May 2012 - 02:07 PM.
1594	My Little Kraken	2012-05-01	I agree.  She's described as awkward many times in the text, and the way Gwen has adapted Brienne's movements (especially the way she walks) illustrate that.  In the scene where she pledges herself to Cat, Martin writes "The tall girl knelt awkwardly, unsheathed Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s longsword, and laid it at [Catelyn's] feet." - - I remember thinking to myself 'PERFECT' when I saw the scene Sunday night, the way she had to get that entire 6'3" frame down to the ground, and how clumsily she seemed to kneel.However, during the fight scene in Renly's tent, her movements were anything but awkward.  She was fast & fluid, which is how I always imagined Brienne fighting.  Looked to me like Gwen did some serious training!She trained like mad.  It really shows as she looks like such a natural fighter.  It would be easy to play that role as butch and all but the way she manages awkward is unbelievable.  Awkward and devoted.  I loved her scene with Cat.
1595	TheWrongKindOfSnow	2012-05-06	I really didn't like her reaction to Renly's death.  It didn't feel genuine at all.  Then, when she gives her service to Catelyn, it didn't seem believable with her hatred towards Stannis.  I don't think she has Brienne's personality right at all.  The fight scene in the tent was impressive though.Having been one of those who at first thought the actress was too slim and good looking to be convincing as Brienne, I really changed my opinion of her on seeing this episode. Her reaction to Renly's death seemed genuine enough to me. The switching of her loyalty to Catelyn was perhaps a little fast - but it also didn't come across as if she was simply moving on and replacing Renly with the nearest available person. Brienne needs to serve, she's lost once Renly dies and she's accused as the murderer; swearing to help Catelyn is a choice which makes good sense and emphasises the devotion to moral principles and ability to think straight in the face of personal hardship which characterise Brienne. Furthermore, Brienne's seen enough to know that she respects Catelyn's morals and that Catelyn is doing her best to help Brienne. Brienne ensures Catelyn won't stop her avenging Renly before she swears to serve her.Basically, I think deciding to serve Catelyn was a quick but intelligent replacement of Brienne's practical purpose in life, but not a dismissal of her emotional devotion to Renly. I thought her grief and her interaction with Catelyn were done well.
1596	Hour of the Wolf	2012-05-06	She overacted on Renly's death, crying her eyes out than turning her emotions on a dime to escape, not gonna sugar coat it, her acting was pretty bad that scene.I agree, I'm not looking for an exact copy of Brienne from the books, but I would atleast like her emotions to make sense.  Her acting seems forced so far.
1597	Jory	2012-05-06	I really didn't like her reaction to Renly's death.  It didn't feel genuine at all.  Then, when she gives her service to Catelyn, it didn't seem believable with her hatred towards Stannis.  I don't think she has Brienne's personality right at all.  The fight scene in the tent was impressive though.Considering how after that she basically forgets about her whole kill Stannis thing (throughout all of her Feast for Crows chapters, it's only mentioned once and in passing, and not even by name), I don't know that it's very important.
1598	cromagnificent	2012-05-06	I concur with Anvilbreaker. We have been given the impression that she's already a stone cold killer but this takes away from Brienne's humble and insecure nature,which is her defining characteristic. We've been primed in her backstory that she's amazing in the practice yard but killing for real is something she knows nothing about. Altering this trait changes her character completely.It annoyed me that they had her kill the guards in renly's tent. later on in the book they make it clear when her first kills are
1599	Jory	2012-05-06	Honestly, at this point, why is anyone surprised that Brienne's character is getting changed? It would be better to ask which characters they haven't changed. It feels like fan-fiction at this point.
1600	Fylimar	2012-05-06	I like Brienne in the show very much. The actress does a great job
1601	teemo	2012-04-29	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-5 -Tyrion Lannister - 43:11Arya Stark - 34:38Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 25:07Davos Seaworth - 24:52Daenerys Targaryen* - 24:35Theon Greyjoy - 23:21Catelyn Stark - 22:20Varys - 22:13 Jon Snow - 21:43Renly Baratheon* - 20:43Stannis Baratheon - 19:31Gendry* - 19:19Melisandre - 18:32Cersei Lannister - 18:00Brienne Tarth - 17:32Joffrey Baratheon -  13:50Robb Stark - 13:23Samwell Tarly - 13:15Sansa Stark -  11:38Margaery Tyrell - 11:37Bran Stark - 11:25Ros - 11:00Loras Tyrell - 9:31Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 9:15Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 8:43Shae - 8:32Grand Maester Pycelle - 8:17Balon Greyjoy - 7:34Tywin Lannister - 5:22Sandor Clegane/The Hound* - 5:04Jaime Lannister - 3:29Roose Bolton - 2:13*Gendry - highly inflated because he spends all of his time with Arya.  He speaks very little.  The vast majority of his dialogue was in the scene between him and Arya about her true gender/name.*The Hound - has only had 3 lines so far.*Renly - I counted dead Renly as screen-time.  He's irrelevant now, so what the hell. *Dany - had way more screen-time this episode than any other so far this season.Some major absences this week - Sansa, Sandor, Varys, Shae, Ros, Robb, Joffrey, and Melisandre.  Gendry was almost absent until his end of the show shirtless scene.
1602	scurvy	2012-04-30	Glad Ros wasn't on- every minute she's on she steals from someone I like.  Robb not being on is great b/c he's largely absent and only discussed in CoK.  I wish the Hound had more screen time with Sansa (at the expense of Ros), but outside of that it's tracking pretty well.
1603	Tourniquet	2012-04-30	Bran is receiving much less screen time than in the books. I think he is one of the top 3-4 characters in terms of POVs chapters in the book and he is way down on the list here.
On that note I find Bran's storyline to be the most boring by far and am glad to see it have little to do with the show.
1604	Blangadanger	2012-04-30	With exception of Littlefinger, I think the top of the board actually works well within the parameters of the show's plot. People can't get enough of Tyrion and Arya, and I think more tv-only viewers will start to love Davos by the end of the season as well. Dany's obviously a fan favorite, but her story's been fairly weak this season imo. Theon's screentime is surprising, except they've really served his character well. I think he'll ultimately be liked more in the show than in the books.
1605	Dontos the Slim	2012-04-30	Wow. Made-up sexposition character Ros has more than double the screen time of Tywin, Jaime, and The Hound so far this season.
There is something impure about that.
And speaking of Tywin, Charles Dance sure has made the most of his 5 minutes. I would have sworn he had more screen time than that so far.
1606	True Northerner	2012-04-30	Very cool stats! Thanks for putting that together.
1607	dansnow	2012-04-30	Again thanks for the work! Glad to see Bran get some screen time this week, also loved the amount of time spent on Jon. Shocked that the hound is so low though, but to be honest I'm not a fan of his character so I'm ok with the time drop but I'm sure others aren't.
Possible addition is the halfhand? Though I may be biased since he's one of my favourite non POV characters.
1608	Kittykatknits	2012-04-30	I'm getting pretty tired at the Hound being ignored this season. He's had 3 lines and barely any screen time. And he had some great lines in book two as well. One of my favorite characters who now appears to be barely more than an extra.
1609	Thunderfist	2012-04-30	Thx for the update hk47, keep up the good work
1610	Morrigan	2012-04-30	Yay, Bran finally overtook Ros. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1611	Budj	2012-04-30	With exception of Littlefinger, I think the top of the board actually works well within the parameters of the show's plot. People can't get enough of Tyrion and Arya, and I think more tv-only viewers will start to love Davos by the end of the season as well. Dany's obviously a fan favorite, but her story's been fairly weak this season imo. Theon's screentime is surprising, except they've really served his character well. I think he'll ultimately be liked more in the show than in the books.I was wondering if they were going to make his future transgressions an easier pill to swallow so that his potential "redemption" is more apt to be received well.
1612	Fat Mac	2012-04-30	Maybe add in Rickon? I mean they finally showed him, and once shit starts going down at Winterfell, we may see more of him.
1613	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-30	Do not mind not seen the Hound may be they will  replace the sansa/sandor with sansa/lilltefinger.
Jon need more scene a dn the other stark too and Varys. he has been put aside. A girl does not like it.
1614	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-30	this is cool, kind of puts the show in a different perspective for me 
would like to see this at the end of season also..
1615	Davos55	2012-04-30	Yeah Davos!! Glad he is getting a good amount of screentime..obviously /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Very disappointing to see the Hound with so little screentime and only 3 lines so far. He is one of my favorite characters!!
I am excited to see more of Jamie and Roose in the second half of the season.
Thank you for doing this hk47..you are the man!
1616	Arkash	2012-04-30	Yeah, I expect the second half of the season will be more "Jaime - Roose - Sandor" as for the secondary characters... hope to get less of Littlefinger and Ros, though... and more of Varys!
1617	boojam	2012-04-30	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-5 -Well... Conleth Hill has been missiong for two straight episodes now.If the books are followed we won't see Asha/Yara Greyjoy or Balon Greyjoy rest of the season (in fact I think we should never see Balon again, but I don't know for the show).Gethin Anthony is gone for good, wonder what his contract read like?
1618	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-30	On that note I find Bran's storyline to be the most boring by far and am glad to see it have little to do with the show.his story will become more important when he travels north
1619	FantA´me	2012-04-30	I was wondering if they were going to make his future transgressions an easier pill to swallow so that his potential "redemption" is more apt to be received well.  I think so. It showed with the" letter to robb" scene and the insistance on his dilemma between his loyalty to his family and his loyalty to the starks . I understand this decision. Imo theon's chapters from aDwD were so well written that most people who hated him by the end of aSoS were totally sympathetic by the end of aDwD. It won't be easy to imitate on screen. I think it would especially require really amazing acting.
1620	Skeksi	2012-04-30	Thanks for putting this together!
It'll be interesting to see how this pans out over the next half of the season- I imagine it will even out to an extent. For instance, Sansa is likely to get a lot of screentime in the latter half of the season- especially during the Battle of the Blackwater and the aftermath, not to mention I assume at some point she is going to end up meeting up with Dontos (unless they delay that plotline). Similarly, Theon and Jon are probably due a fair bit of screentime in the upcoming episodes, if the writers are keeping largely in line with the book. Not sure about Daenerys, but I imagine the House of the Undying scene will definitely be cropping up later this season, and may well be sizeable. Davos and the Hound are likely to get sizeable scenes in the Battle of the Blackwater, and we know Jaime's getting at least one more scene this season. Arya and Tyrion (And Bronn? How does he stack up time wise, given he shares so many scenes with Tyrion) are going to have a lot more screen time this season, being realistic. Robb will need a few more scenes to adequately set up his romance.
In terms of other characters- I wouldn't be surprised if Littlefinger and the Tyrells were absent for a couple of episodes, to have them turn up later in the season, but they might well get a couple of small scenes in the meantime. Let's see...
Overall, though, I think it's fair to say that Tyrion and Arya are likely to get the most screentime this season as a whole.
1621	Skeksi	2012-04-30	Thanks for putting this together!
It'll be interesting to see how this pans out over the next half of the season- I imagine it will even out to an extent. For instance, Sansa is likely to get a lot of screentime in the latter half of the season- especially during the Battle of the Blackwater and the aftermath, not to mention I assume at some point she is going to end up meeting up with Dontos (unless they delay that plotline). Similarly, Theon and Jon are probably due a fair bit of screentime in the upcoming episodes, if the writers are keeping largely in line with the book. Not sure about Daenerys, but I imagine the House of the Undying scene will definitely be cropping up later this season, and may well be sizeable. Davos and the Hound are likely to get sizeable scenes in the Battle of the Blackwater, and we know Jaime's getting at least one more scene this season. Arya and Tyrion (And Bronn? How does he stack up time wise, given he shares so many scenes with Tyrion) are going to have a lot more screen time this season, being realistic. Robb will need a few more scenes to adequately set up his romance.
In terms of other characters- I wouldn't be surprised if Littlefinger and the Tyrells were absent for a couple of episodes, to have them turn up later in the season, but they might well get a couple of small scenes in the meantime. Let's see...
Overall, though, I think it's fair to say that Tyrion and Arya are likely to get the most screentime this season as a whole.
1622	Arkash	2012-04-30	I guess Littlefinger will get at least one more scene convincing Margaery to marry Joffrey, but it will end on this until the surprise of their arrival during Blackwater and Joffrey accepting the marriage in episode 10.
By the way, I so hope they keep Joff's reluctance at wedding Margaery at first (his whole: "I'm faitful to Sansa." speech was amazing).
1623	teemo	2012-04-30	And speaking of Tywin, Charles Dance sure has made the most of his 5 minutes. I would have sworn he had more screen time than that so far.Yeah, it's shocking how short all of the scenes are when I do this.  The average scene is about 2 and a half minutes.  Depending on the writing/acting, they either make the most of it or the worst.  Anything over 4 minutes is getting on the long size and 5+ is definitely long.  I think the longest scene so far was the one with Arya escaping from the Gold Cloaks.  That was almost 10 minutes.
1624	boojam	2012-05-01	Yeah, it's shocking how short all of the scenes are when I do this.  The average scene is about 2 and a half minutes.  Depending on the writing/acting, they either make the most of it or the worst.  Anything over 4 minutes is getting on the long size and 5+ is definitely long.  I think the longest scene so far was the one with Arya escaping from the Gold Cloaks.  That was almost 10 minutes.I have never timed it myself but is very interesting data, and goes to the heart of the problem we have been having this season. Too much rich material shoehorned into too little time.Do you know what it was last season?
1625	boojam	2012-05-01	Yeah, it's shocking how short all of the scenes are when I do this.  The average scene is about 2 and a half minutes.  Depending on the writing/acting, they either make the most of it or the worst.  Anything over 4 minutes is getting on the long size and 5+ is definitely long.  I think the longest scene so far was the one with Arya escaping from the Gold Cloaks.  That was almost 10 minutes.I have never timed it myself but is very interesting data, and goes to the heart of the problem we have been having this season. Too much rich material shoehorned into too little time.Do you know what it was last season?
1626	teemo	2012-05-01	I have never timed it myself but is very interesting data, and goes to the heart of the problem we have been having this season. Too much rich material shoehorned into too little time.Do you know what it was last season?No, but a couple people have suggested it.  Is this something that lots of people are interested in, I wonder?  I don't mind doing it at all.
1627	Davos55	2012-05-01	If you don't mind doing that, it would be pretty cool to see!
1628	Davos55	2012-05-01	Also, I wanted to apologize for saying "you are the man" in an earlier post hk47. I later saw another of your posts in a different thread, and you mentioned your boyfriend. So if you are a girl, I hope I didn't offend you by assuming you were a guy! My bad! I guess I can blame it on my thinking of hk47 being a male killer robot in KOTOR, but really, a robot has no gender! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Either way, you rock and I appreciate you doing this every week!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 01 May 2012 - 01:14 PM.
1629	congokong	2012-05-02	What has happened to this show where Petyr (renowned for being a "behind the scenes" villian) is third. The writers really wanted to get him screen time for some reason so they sent him off to Renly's camp.
1630	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2012-05-03	Wonderful work.
I'm actually surprised by Joffrey's screen time thus far. That really seems low and is no doubt due to the very short scene time as you say.
1631	The Monkey	2012-05-03	What has happened to this show where Petyr (renowned for being a "behind the scenes" villian) is third. The writers really wanted to get him screen time for some reason so they sent him off to Renly's camp.It's strange that they did, though, as I think he's the worst actor on the whole show (maybe except for the woman who played the witch that killed Drogo)
1632	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-03	Jaime is my favorite character but he wasn't even in the second book. I don't think there was any dialogue by him and the only time you heard about him was in Tyrion's thoughts or about the failed escape attempt. I mean the first season was using dialogue from Storm of Swords to add a scene with him and Cat just so the audience didn't forget him.
1633	Arkash	2012-05-03	Well, in the books he still has his amazing scene with Cat at the end, which may well be for ep7 !
1634	Morrigan	2012-05-03	Jaime is my favorite character but he wasn't even in the second book. I don't think there was any dialogue by him and the only time you heard about him was in Tyrion's thoughts or about the failed escape attempt. I mean the first season was using dialogue from Storm of Swords to add a scene with him and Cat just so the audience didn't forget him.That scene is in Clash. Last Catelyn chapter.
1635	Arkash	2012-05-03	And it seems it will be in the 7 episode from what we gathered.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 03 May 2012 - 06:43 PM.
1636	congokong	2012-05-03	Well, in the books he still has his amazing scene with Cat at the end, which may well be for ep7 !Parts of it were already in the show. For some reason they moved his admission of pushing Bran to season 1.Don't get too excited about any scene in the show. The Renly/Stannis parley and maester Cressen scenes were both a few off the top of my head that I was looking forward to that disappointed.
1637	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-05-03	By the way in which everyone bitches about Ros and her screen time, I would have thought that she'd overtaken Tyrion, Arya and Baelish combined.
1638	TyrionFan57	2012-05-06	Need to see more Jaime (forthcoming), Sandor, Varys, Joffrey, Brienne.
Need to see less Littlefinger and Ros.
Also love Bronn and Jaqen H'gar.  Any more time they want to give them is great by me.
1639	boojam	2012-05-06	What has happened to this show where Petyr (renowned for being a "behind the scenes" villian) is third. The writers really wanted to get him screen time for some reason so they sent him off to Renly's camp.I know when one shoots scenes they are not done in order, in fact they can be totally jumbled around because of location logistics and all kinds of technicalities , like even budget fitting. (I always admire the way film and TV actors handle this , so unlike the stage.)But I wonder how the contracts of the seasoned actors read, because they will have TV, film and stage productions on their schedules. Maybe such and such scenes are shot and then the actor is gone.
1640	TheEvilKing	2012-05-05	So now we have our second newly invented Lannister character this season. What purpose will Reginald serve? Is he Alton's father? Where is Ser Kevan?
1641	House Snow	2012-04-30	Hey, since we are at the midway point I was hoping we could get a feeling for how every one would rate the performances of their favorite ensemble cast, so far. Lets divide it up into 3 categories.  Guys, Gals, and Creatures.  Give your top 3 or 4.
Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Jaquen Hagar
3. Tywin
4. Bronn
Gals:
1. Arya
2. Catelyn
3. Brienne
4. Cersei
Creatures
1. Ghost
2. Summer
3. Joffrey
4. Drogon
1642	True Northerner	2012-05-01	I'll do top 3. Didn't think too hard, just went with gut feeling (and this is based on 5 episodes of Season 2, not any of my feelings about characters in the books)
Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Joffrey
3. Bronn
Gals:
1. Cersei
2. Arya
3. Dany (all based on hotness.. I could just watch a series called Daenery's)
Creatures:
1. Drogon
2. Grey Wind
3. Summer
1643	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-01	Guys:
1. Joffrey
2. Davos
3. Jorah
4. Balon
Girls:
1. Catalyn
2. Sansa
3. Brienne
4. Melisandre
Creatures:
1. Drogon
2. Greywind
3. Shadowbaby
4. Ghost
One-Shots/Minors:
1. Pyat Pree
2. Gilly
3. Quiathe
4. Yoren
					
					
							Edited by BabyMeraxes, 01 May 2012 - 06:43 PM.
1644	The Monkey	2012-05-01	Guys:
1. Tywin
2. Joffrey
3. Theon
Girls:
1. Arya
2. Cersei
3. Dany (not to take anything away from her acting talents, but last episode she looked so damn beautiful I could hardly concentrate on what she was saying)
1645	My Little Kraken	2012-05-01	Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Balon
3. Tywin
4. Sam
Girls:
1. Arya
2. Brienne
3. Cersei
4. Gilly
Creatures:
1. Ghost
2. The red dragon
3. The Shadow Baby
4. Pyat Pree (seriously, he has to count)
1646	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-01	Guys:TyrionTheonBalonTywinGirls:BrienneCatelynMelisandreAryaCreatures:DrogonShadowbabyGrey WindGhostHonorable Mention:YorenPyat Pree
1647	dreamcatcher	2012-05-01	Guys:1. Joffrey2. Tywin3. Theon4. TyrionGirls:1. Arya2. Sansa3. Margaery4. Jeyne or whatever her name isCreatures:1. Ghost2. Drogon3. SummerHonourable mention:1. Pyat Pree2. Gendry3. Hot Pie4. Cersei
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 01 May 2012 - 04:36 PM.
1648	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-01	Guys:
1. Tywin/Balon/Tyrion
2. Bronn
3. Theon
Ladies:
1. Margaery
2. Arya
3. Brienne
Critters:
1. Greywind
2. Smoke quefe
3. Pyat pree
Overall, a solid 7 for the first half of the season. Less consistent than S1 but some cool stuff nonetheless. An overview of storylines:
Excellent: Arya's travels & Tyrion's schemes (or plots?)
Good: Renly's love triangle, Robb's war campaign.
Average: Bran's path to treedom & Dany's pointless desert wandering (Quarth redeemed it IMO)
Poor: The Dragonstone characters & the night's watch pointless antarctic wandering.
BTW, the latter categories are not necesarily of a lesser quality because they don't follow the books. I don't judge the series on its faithfulness. Some stuff just doesn't work on screen.
1649	sennahoj	2012-05-01	Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Yoren
3. Davos
Gals:
1. Dany
2. Arya
3. Melisandre
Creatures
1. Greywind
2. Drogon
3. Craster
1650	Arkash	2012-05-01	Guys:- Varys.- Joffrey.- Roose.Gals:- Arya.- Cersei.- Dany.Creatures:- Ghost.- Drogon.- ...Mentions to:- Yara.- Yoren.- Saladhor Saan.- Tywin.- Balon.- Davos.
1651	PrinceRhaegar	2012-05-01	Guys:1. Tyrion2. Varys3. Theon4. BranGals:1. Catelyn2. Melissandre3. Cersei4. BrienneCreatures:1. Drogon2. Shadowbaby3. Joffrey4. Grey WindHonourable mention: Everyone else /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by PrinceRhaegar, 01 May 2012 - 05:28 PM.
1652	David Selig	2012-05-01	Guys:
 1. Theon
 2. Tywin
 3. Varys
Gals:
1. Catelyn
2. Arya
3. Margaery
Creatures:
1. Drogon
2. Shadowbaby
1653	Davos55	2012-05-01	Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Davos
3. Tywin
4. Varys/Theon
Ladies:
1. Arya
2. Cat
3. Mel
4. Dany
Creatures:
1. Ghost
2. Summer
3. Drogon
4. Grey Wind (where are Shaggydog and Nymeria?!?)
Side Characters: (sorry for excess here)
1. Bronn
2. Yoren
3. Roose Bolton
4. Balon
5. Hallyne
6. Hot Pie
7. Maester Luwin
8. Irri
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 01 May 2012 - 06:19 PM.
1654	Meg Stark	2012-05-01	Guys:
-Tyrion
-Davos
-Jorah
Girls:
-Arya
-Brienne
-Margery 
Creatures:
-Grey Wind
-Drogon
-Summer
1655	Pellaeon	2012-05-02	Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Tywin
3. Bronn
4.Jaquen Hagar
Gals:
1. Arya
2. Brienne
3. Sansa
4. Cersei
Creatures
1. Ghost
2. Drogon
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 02 May 2012 - 03:11 AM.
1656	Dragon of Valyria	2012-05-02	Guys
I. Dinklage (need I explain?)
II. Gleeson (he's got awful to an artform)
III. Allen (hate the character, but he's good at showing turmoil)
Girls
I. Turner (very good at acting with just expressions. very subtle performance)
II. Williams (another one that doesn't need much explanation)
III. Clarke (good change in character... a little more stilted, but I think that fits the situation)
Creatures:
Really?
Honorable mentions:
Dance (sublime contempt played perfectly)
uh, person who plays Stannis. Don't know his name, sorry. (really didn't like the casting at first, but he's grown on me)
Dormer (different from what I expected, but perfect for the character as reimagined)
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 02 May 2012 - 03:16 AM.
1657	The Lord Commander's Raven	2012-05-02	Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Jaqen H'ghar
3. Tie: Bronn / Jorah Mormont
Girls:
1. Arya
2. Irri
3. Dany
Unfortunately, I have been rather disappointed at the casting as I feel many cast actors do no resemble the characters as written or displayed remarkably poor acting performances.  I think Lena Headly is a poor Cersei, though I love her in other roles and the Tully sisters were miscast. I suppose the financial incentives provided dictacted as certain number of local actors to be cast, but I feel that many of the castings were off base.
					
					
							Edited by The Lord Commander's Raven, 02 May 2012 - 03:50 AM.
1658	akajea	2012-05-02	1. Joffrey
2. Davos
3. Tywin
1. Arya
2. Cersei
3. Catelyn
1. Grey Wind
2. Ghost
3. Drogon
1659	TheEvilKing	2012-05-02	Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Joffrey
3. Tywin
4. Yoren
Girls:
1. Margaery
2. Cersei
3. Cat
4. Yara
Creatures:
1. Hodor
2. Brienne
1660	Thorny Issues	2012-05-02	Guys (sorry, can't have only 4):
1. Varys
2. Tyrion
3. Tywin
4. Bronn
5. Samwell
6. Davos
Gals:
1. Arya
..........[then miles below, yet still good]...........
2. Sansa
3. Osha
4. Cat
Creatures:
1. Ghost
2. Drogon
3. Grey wind
Honourable mentions:
1. Stannis
2. Saladhor Saan
3. Yoren
4. Mel
5. Pyat Pree
6. Hot pie
7. Theon
8. Balon
9. Joffrey
					
					
							Edited by Thorny Issues, 02 May 2012 - 02:48 PM.
1661	WhiteWalder	2012-05-02	Guys:
1. Tyrion
2. Joffrey
3. Varys
4. Bronn
Gals:
1. Ros
2. Arya
3. Dany
4. Irri
Creatures:
1. Drogon
2. Stannis Shadow
3. Ghost
1662	Dacie	2012-05-02	Guys:
Theon
Tyrion
Varys
Girls:
Arya
Brienne
Margaery
Creatures:
Ghost
Drogon
Shadowbaby
Honorable Mention:
Tywin
Davos
Gendry
Jaqen
Yoren
Greywind
Summer
					
					
							Edited by GiveMeSomeSnow, 02 May 2012 - 05:36 PM.
1663	howland_reed	2012-05-02	Everyone should have Theon and Davos listed imo.  These two are knocking their roles out of the ballpark.  I mean Tyrion's great and all, but he's basically been Tyrion and hasn't had a standout scene yet.
For the female roles, Catelyn has been the best actress by far, but Michelle Fairley was excellent last season as well.  If I were to name a most improved actress, it would probably go to Cersei.  It's like Lena Headey realized during the interim that, "hey, GoT is actually a hit show and winning Emmy's...maybe I should try!"  Brienne's also been perfectly casted.  Asha/Yara still doesn't do it for me and comes across as a cruel bully rather than the fiery, playful sea captain.  After a handful of scenes, I don't think my opinion will change with her.
Most of all though, I think I'm most pleased with Carice van Houten as Melisandre, and not just for her looks.  Some other actress may have butchered the role and turned Melisandre into this cliche'd, otherwordly fantasy sorceress, but Carice has played her with subtle humanity, especially when she's flirting with Davos or rolling her eyes at Renly.  She nailed the mysteriousness of Melisandre while still keeping her grounded in reality.  Melisandre could've been a hard sell for a lot of non-readers, but Carice has sold her well.
1664	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-02	GuysTheon - Despite me not liking his character in the books but Alfie Allen is doing a great job with him this seasonTyrion - He's Tyrion, what can you say?Bronn - Not a major character but I just love him. He just has to have two lines and there usually the best in the episodeSam - "It's beautiful here; Gilly would love it!"WomenArya - By gods old and new, Maisie Williams just is killing it with her. She's so heartbreaking but strong at the same time. She is Arya.Dany - We see her struggling to discover who she is, a theme that carries throughout the books. And Emilia Clarke is insanely gorgeous.Melisandre - She captures her creepy spookiness and like the poster above mentioned, she's still human and not at all like a typical fantasy sorceressBrienne - Probably one of the hardest characters to cast not just physically, but capturing the spirit of the characerCreaturesDrogon - Bring on the other dragons, though!Summer - I love how they are doing the wargging in the show. I was curious how that might lookGrey Wind and Ghost - Direwolves rock although I want to see them in action
1665	Lightning Lord	2012-05-03	Male:
Tywin
Joffrey
Tyrion/Bronn
I think these have all fairly nailed their parts.  I partnered Tyrion and Bronn because they work better together than any buddy cop duo I've ever seen.  Dance has been able to bring the arrogant-but-not-inhuman Lord Tywin to life.  Gleeson has made me hate Joffrey so much more than Martin ever managed.  That's not a knock on Martin, just trying to give props to that boy.
Female:
Arya
Daenerys
Catelyn
Williams has taken possibly the hardest role in the series and absolutely crushed it.  Clarke has been strong throughout, I think she's done a wonderful job of showing the maturing of her character.  Fairley has been able to garner the sympathy that I was never able to muster in the books for her character.
Disappointed:
Lord Baelish
Jon Snow
Part of it has been the writing, part has been the portrayals.  I think both were stronger in their roles last season and took big steps back this season.
1666	kephv	2012-05-03	Guys:
1. Alfie Allen as Theon
2. Dinklage as Tyrion
3. Jack Gleeson as Joffrey
4. Conleth Hill as Varys
Girls:
1-10. Maisie Williams as Arya -- absolutely flawless, needs an emmy
11. Michelle Fairley as Catelyn
12. Sophie Turner as Sansa
1667	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-03	Male:TywinJoffreyTyrion/BronnI think these have all fairly nailed their parts.  I partnered Tyrion and Bronn because they work better together than any buddy cop duo I've ever seen.  Dance has been able to bring the arrogant-but-not-inhuman Lord Tywin to life.  Gleeson has made me hate Joffrey so much more than Martin ever managed.  That's not a knock on Martin, just trying to give props to that boy.Female:AryaDaenerysCatelynWilliams has taken possibly the hardest role in the series and absolutely crushed it.  Clarke has been strong throughout, I think she's done a wonderful job of showing the maturing of her character.  Fairley has been able to garner the sympathy that I was never able to muster in the books for her character.Disappointed:Lord BaelishJon SnowPart of it has been the writing, part has been the portrayals.  I think both were stronger in their roles last season and took big steps back this season.But with Jon's storyline, though, in both the books and the show up to this point, he really hasn't had much to do. Can't really fault the actor or the writers on that one. His storyline picks up with the wilding stuff.LF, on the other hand, still puzzled by what is going on with that this season. LF's a minor character that like Varys, we see sporadically in the books, but for the show, you need more face time or else people forget who you are. I'm hoping by the end of the season, LF's role will make more sense and the acting has gotten more consistent. We'll see.
1668	Lightning Lord	2012-05-03	I know he hasn't had a lot to do, but I don't think Harrington has done very well with what he has had.  His delivery has been...petulant.  Last season, when his character was actually acting petulant, his portrayal seemed spot on.  It's seemed like he stuck with that approach, even though the character should be growing and maturing.
LF last season seemed competent, self-assured, unflappable.  This season, he seems out of sorts, easily-maneuvered, a pawn in the game that lets his motivations show plainly.  Maybe it's a long con for him, time will tell.
Can't say more without spoilers.
1669	Buckwheat	2012-05-05	I like how Joff and Pyat Pree are classified as "creatures". /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />In no special order:Guys: Tyrion, Tywin, Joffrey, Jaqen H'ghar (apparently they are doing the best with the Lannisters)Girls: Arya, Sansa (wish we saw her more), CatelynCreatures: Drogon, GreywindGals:1. RosReally? Tell me it is just because she managed to find some clothes this year.
1670	Cardinal Sin	2012-05-01	I did not at all find it surprising that the actual Admiral in the books (some Lord... Noros? Narys?Something along those lines, if I reacall it correctly) was cut from the series, and that Davos was given the comment.
Still, it leads to an important incoherence. Davos in the book severely criticised the Admiral's hasty push towards KL which was responsible for the massacre that awaited them there.
I wonder if in the series they make Davos stick to the same strategy as the Admiral in the books (possibly because he was commanded to hurry up by an impatient Stannis?), or whether they change his strategy so that he eg. sends ahead ships to probe the bay.
Very likely the first... which might make TV-Davos nowhere near as good a seaman as he is in the books.
1671	Maltaran	2012-05-01	Yep, I was surprised at this. A good part of the first Davos chapter at the Blackwater is him mentally criticising Imry Florent for being too impatient. I guess we'll just have to wait and see how they handle it. We haven't heard anything from Tyrion's end about the chain yet.
1672	Bayard	2012-05-01	Yeah, they are compromising both men, Davos and Stannis by this decision.... I was even more shocked about the ships. I mean just look, Stannis' are a lot smaller then the ironborn "longship". WHY???
1673	Ser Hippie	2012-05-01	They could also have Davos realize the trap and have his highborn captains ignore him and sail on anyway (hence the emphasis on people looking down on him because of his birth). They could even introduce Imry Florent in that scene as the spokesman of sorts.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 01 May 2012 - 02:16 PM.
1674	BinkyBonks	2012-05-01	I don't like it. They're making Davos look completely worthless, whereas in the books he constantly provides Stannis with useful advice.
Also WTF was that business about rowing out to Storm's End in the dead of the night when Rely wasn't at Storm's End?
1675	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-01	Well, all we know is that it's a naval assault on King's Landing. They could (and probably will) change the logistics and events of the battle from the book considerably.
1676	bloodymime	2012-05-01	Maybe they're cutting out the naval battle almost completely by Davos sending in a few ships to probe and their getting lit up by wildfire. There's no mention of Tyrion's chain being built as it is.
Yeah what Kingslayer said. There's probably as much chance of their doing a fullscale naval battle like in the books as there has been of seeing any significant mounted combat.
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 01 May 2012 - 02:29 PM.
1677	Davos55	2012-05-01	As far as I know, Imry Florent has been cast, so he will probably end up rallying the ships and disobeying Davos' orders. Davos tried to warn Stannis that he will not be taken seriously by high born naval commanders, and I am sure that will come into play.  I don't think the series will have Davos make such careless mistakes. (I hope not atleast)
I do find it curious that there has been no mention of a chain, as that was the key to the naval demise, and it was a genius tactical move by Tyrion.
I am going to have to agree with Jamie Lannister here and go with the assumption that this scene will be altered, but a naval battle involving wildfire and a handful of ships will occur. We will have to wait and see.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 01 May 2012 - 04:00 PM.
1678	ChromeWeasel	2012-05-01	They could also have Davos realize the trap and have his highborn captains ignore him and sail on anyway (hence the emphasis on people looking down on him because of his birth). They could even introduce Imry Florent in that scene as the spokesman of sorts.I like that idea.Although it's not a terrible thing if Davos is snookered by Tyrion. It gives him a better reason to be depressed. He gets suicidal after the battle.
1679	Ser Pink of Floyd	2012-05-01	Its suprising, and isnt GRRM actually involved in the writing for the episode the 'Blackwater happens in?
I think the easiest way they are going to get out of this little mess is that some of those Angry Admirals are going to break ranks and fly in w/o Davos and ensure what happens in the book happens in the show. Thats all I can think they can do with it.
1680	Cardinal Sin	2012-05-01	Imry Florent (yes, that was the name of the chap) was actually cast? Sure? All the weirder than that he was not given command of the fleet.
Well, HBO somehow has the tendency to make awesome book characters look curiously inept in the TV series. Littlefinger anyone? Not bashing the actor, just the lines. I kind of fear that Davos will undergo the same treatment - being degraded from perhaps the best seaman in the whole of Westeros to an average commander who messes things up big time. Hope that Davos will actually draft up a great masterplan that will be screwed by Florent's vaingloriour headlong rush into battle - that would be interesting.
But I somehow fear for the worst - Davos being responsible for the Blackwater desaster even though we should have done better.
And yes - no chain? But that was so important! Well, I believe to the episode Blackwater we still have 3 scenes. Time to make a chain during that time.... I suppose.
1681	Carne	2012-05-01	Ser Imry Florent has been cast and is played by Gordon Mahn.
1682	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-02	I think the chain will be introduced the same or previous episode to the battle. They don't feel they need to explain the logistics and they probably think people would forget about in in episode 5 and then it will come out of nowhere in episode 9. Tyrion will prob unviel it towards the end of episode 8 leaving the audience to wonder about what its for unitil the battle a week later.
1683	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-02	The chain can be introduced at any later time if they want.
Do you have a source for Imry Florent being cast?
I would have thought they would use Sallador somehow in the battle, since it'd be a waste for just one scene...
The do have 4 characters on the ships if I count right: Davos, Matthos Seaworth, Sallador and thus Imry Florent. That allows them to go in enough direction without making Davos look inept...
1684	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-02	I though Davos's main son stayed with the red woman (that or squired for Stannis on the ground), it was other sons (the ones that appear to be cut) that captained ships and died).
1685	boojam	2012-05-02	They could also have Davos realize the trap and have his highborn captains ignore him and sail on anyway (hence the emphasis on people looking down on him because of his birth). They could even introduce Imry Florent in that scene as the spokesman of sorts.It's odd, no wasted plot time to have Imry Florent the admiral as in the book.What I think is going to happen is that it will be reduced down to Stannis devising the naval strategy and Davos making the astute observation that they ought to send in some of Salladhor Saan's swift ships (as in the book) as a probe to test of traps like the chain, and Stannis over rules Davos.I guess Davos will command from the rear else wise he's BBQ.
1686	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-02	I though Davos's main son stayed with the red woman (that or squired for Stannis on the ground), it was other sons (the ones that appear to be cut) that captained ships and died).The sons in the show are different. Stannis squire hasn't been introduced nor do I think he will...In Episode 2, Melisandre talks to Matthos and tells him that Fire is a clean death I think. You can't get much more foreshadowing than this. And some characters need to die in the big battle...
1687	MadMage	2012-05-03	I think the comment Davos makes that "no lords will follow me" is likely foreshadowing for the exchange when Davos is made Stannis' hand of the king:
(paraphrasing);
Davos: "But I'm baseborn. None of the lords will follow me."
Stannis: "Then we will make new lords."
EPIC!
1688	Honey Badger	2012-05-03	Maybe they'll present it as a betrayal, as it would suck if Davos was shown to be incompetent at command.  He's a pirate who knows scouts and guile are important, and would have never walked into Tyrion's chain or Cersei's wild fire. 
There can still be incompetence where he fails to inspire his men, as no lord wants to recognize the up-jumped "onion knight," which is consistent with the books.
1689	House Snow	2012-05-03	I'm not following this conversation.  Florent has been cast.  It will probably very similar to the book.  Why are people being obtuse about this.  It reminds me of the "Oh no robb is going to cut off Jamie's hand thing."
1690	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-04	Can you give us a source for Imry Florent being cast? I don't find proof for that when I look on the internetz...
1691	Mulled Wino	2012-05-04	Yeah, they are compromising both men, Davos and Stannis by this decision.... I was even more shocked about the ships. I mean just look, Stannis' are a lot smaller then the ironborn "longship". WHY???I agree with you, Stannis has been compromised quite a few times already, and now Davos.  I don't like it.
1692	Jory	2012-05-04	I agree with you, Stannis has been compromised quite a few times already, and now Davos.  I don't like it.He has. Damn you, HBO. Still, they're not messing him up quite so much as they messed up Littlefinger, for instance, who is honestly a grotesque abomination in this series who needs to be shot because there's absolutely nothing interesting about him and his accent is fucking infuriating and his delivery is some of the strangest I've ever seen. Anyway.If Imry Florent really has been cast, then I think Davos' lords disobeying his orders is a good idea. I doubt they're going to fuck Davos up - GRRM is writing the Blackwater episode, remember, and David Benioff loves Davos and "gets" Stannis. Unfortunately, Dan Weiss hates Stannis, which is one of the reasons the writing for his character seems so schizophrenic [speculation].
1693	Tadco26	2012-05-04	Can you give us a source for Imry Florent being cast? I don't find proof for that when I look on the internetz...This is the only info I have found: http://www.lbmactors...ive_page_id=359
1694	Carne	2012-05-04	This is the only info I have found: http://www.lbmactors...ive_page_id=359Which is 100% legit because agencies don't post fake stuff.
1695	Jory	2012-05-04	DIRECTOR: Neil Marshal so it looks like he's going to appear in Blackwater
1696	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-04	Maybe they could have some lords who ignore his commands and rush in to take the glory for themselves.
1697	Tomer	2012-05-03	Freaking amazing. loved watching him. his as creepy as a human can be.  Can't wait to see more!
am I the only one seriously psyched about him??
1698	Pliny	2012-05-03	I agree that he was satisfyingly creepy./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I'm curious as to how they will do the Houses of the Undying bit.
					
					
							Edited by Pliny, 03 May 2012 - 11:35 PM.
1699	Morrigan	2012-05-04	Thought he looked kinda goofy... but then, it's hard to not look goofy when you look the way GRRM described him, haha.
1700	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-04	I agree that he was satisfyingly creepy. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I'm curious as to how they will do the Houses of the Undying bit.Yeah I mean when your reading a series of visions they aren't overtly obvious but seeing the man with the wolfs head and lots of dead people may be a bit obvious. It looks like it will be the last episode. After Blackwater I don't think we'll see KL or Stannis again. It'll be the wall, Undying and possibly Theon at Winterfell (I think Ramseys coming in E301 to burn Winterfell to the ground).
1701	Lady Meera Reed	2012-05-04	He does look creepy! Reminds me of one of the Gentlemen in the Hush episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1702	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-04	It's Dean Pelton from Community http://29.media.tumb...wrpwo1_1280.jpg
1703	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-04	Good job on the blue lips. They made them look stained and not just like they slapped on some blue lip-stick on him.
1704	SerRodzilla	2012-05-04	he had a deffinate creepy precence about him nailed it I think just like they nailed Ilyan Payne in the first series.
1705	Buckwheat	2012-05-04	He creeped me out for sure. So, I think they presented him well.
1706	Bambi	2012-05-04	I am also satisfied with this casting, the actor did a great job (he sure has the face for the character too)
1707	snowzombie	2012-04-30	I like that Arya is serving as Tywin's cupbearer, because it gives us more Charles Dance and it's interesting to see Arya reacting to how he speaks of her brother, but I was wondering....
Why wouldn't she ask Jaqen H'gar to kill Tywin?  He's her brother's main military foe and he's right there in Harrenhal. She said the Tickler tonight, and it seemed like she felt pressured to come up with a name and he was the first person to come to mind. There's no Wease or anyone like him who's making her life a living hell. Who's going to be a believable second wish? And is freeing a bunch of northerners really going to seem more effective militarily than decapitating the Lannister army? 
Unrelated: Tom Wlaschiha as Jaqen - so fine he can make talking in the 3rd person hot. Love him. I'm going to be sad when he gives up that face.
1708	Raylan Stark	2012-04-30	Tywin was at Harrenhal during the "Ghost in Harenhall" sequence of events.  It was a good question even in the books.  One that only occurs to Arya when she sees him leave.  She could have said Tywin, and the Mountain.  Instead she used the deaths on immediate grudges.
Which is why she decided to be smarter about wish 3.  If only she knew who she was really freeing...
1709	Mendoza	2012-04-30	I get the vibe on the show that Arya was just seeing if a man could pull it off or if he was full of crap. So, she names someone she saw do horrible things up close as a sort of test. At end of the episode, she knows a man is for real and it seems heavly implied that she would use a kill on Tywin based on their scenes together. Something he does or says must change her mind.
1710	sennahoj	2012-04-30	A thing that might be overlooked in the Arya/Tywin dynamic is this: On the show Tywin outed Arya as a girl and took her under his protection in one stroke. So even if he suspects something about her identity, he is keeping her close by and indebted to him. I think Arya understands that once Tywin is gone, anything could happen to her because nobody would rein in the Mountain or Ser Amory, to name just two. And having also identified Arya as a northerner in front of his bannermen, their suspicion would fall on her very quickly, should anything happen to Tywin. At the moment, Arya doesn't seem to have a plan about where she should go, how she could reach Robb or her mother or Winterfell. And as long as she hasn't figured that out, she would be foolish to throw away the little protection and security (plus a warm place to sleep I guess) she enjoys as Tywin's cupbearer.
I wonder about one thing though. In the book it is a very important fact, that Arya unlike her siblings has the Stark looks. So even if Tywin has never seen Arya, I would deem it likely that he would pick up on the family resemblance
1711	The Monkey	2012-04-30	A thing that might be overlooked in the Arya/Tywin dynamic is this: On the show Tywin outed Arya as a girl and took her under his protection in one stroke. So even if he suspects something about her identity, he is keeping her close by and indebted to him. I think Arya understands that once Tywin is gone, anything could happen to her because nobody would rein in the Mountain or Ser Amory, to name just two. And having also identified Arya as a northerner in front of his bannermen, their suspicion would fall on her very quickly, should anything happen to Tywin. At the moment, Arya doesn't seem to have a plan about where she should go, how she could reach Robb or her mother or Winterfell. And as long as she hasn't figured that out, she would be foolish to throw away the little protection and security (plus a warm place to sleep I guess) she enjoys as Tywin's cupbearer.I wonder about one thing though. In the book it is a very important fact, that Arya unlike her siblings has the Stark looks. So even if Tywin has never seen Arya, I would deem it likely that he would pick up on the family resemblanceI assume Cersei has told Tywin that she hold both the Stark girls, which is why he wouldn't consider looking for her, certainly not dressed up as a peasant in Harrenhall.
1712	Wonder	2012-04-30	Arya is a smart girl no doubt, but her mind is set on her immediate surroundings and revenge. I don't think Arya had ever seen Tywin before he arrived in Harrenhall and he was never in her nightly death prayer, which was always about the persons who had had a direct impact on her life, people who she perceived as evil. Tywin is from the opposing faction, but he never struck her as evil.
1713	akajea	2012-04-30	I get the vibe on the show that Arya was just seeing if a man could pull it off or if he was full of crap. So, she names someone she saw do horrible things up close as a sort of test. At end of the episode, she knows a man is for real and it seems heavly implied that she would use a kill on Tywin based on their scenes together. Something he does or says must change her mind.Agree with this completely. Maisie's facial expressions made it clear that at the end of episode 5, Arya intends to kill Tywin.
	Spoiler In an interview Maisie spoke of a twist involving Tywin and Arya. This twist must be what causes Arya to decide not to kill Tywin. Can't wait to see what it is.
1714	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	Another target could be Ser Armory Lorch, provided thatthere is no Ramsey character, and Robb sends Roose up north to deal with his problemthat would then leave no-one (Bolton) to re-capture Harrenhalmaybe the GreatJon, that would be sweet thoughAnother possible target could be, well I dont really know, not many have been introduced who have done Arya much wrong; aside from those we know survive.
1715	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-04-30	I'd say it's probable that Polliver or Armory Lorch will be the second name. Even though Polliver would of course totally destroy the Arya-&-Sandor-at-the-inn-scene.
1716	ultness	2012-04-30	I don't like that they've killed the Tickler. This means we are going to miss out on the scene where Arya unleashes hell on him.
					
					
							Edited by ultness, 30 April 2012 - 07:58 AM.
1717	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	I'd say it's probable that Polliver or Armory Lorch will be the second name. Even though Polliver would of course totally destroy the Arya-&-Sandor-at-the-inn-scene.I've thought about this too.  The trick with the Arya/Hound and the Inn scene is that it presumably won't happen until Season 4 (since they're splitting up ASOS).  Two years is a long gap in TV time and the producers may not be willing to risk actors being unavailable when the time comes to film that scene.The way Arya was eyballing Needle in last week's episode is a pretty clear indicator to me that Polliver will be target #2.
1718	bikie	2012-04-30	I was thinking tywin has to leave the castle before her next name unless HBO has something up their sleeves that would explain it...maybe she hears of plans that she feels she'll be able to relate to robb that would give him a huge advantage and would want tywin alive to go forth with...
1719	Independent George	2012-04-30	I get the feeling we'll be seeing a scene of Hot Pie getting abused by someone in the kitchens, and Arya losing her temper and wasting a kill on that person.
1720	Mulled Wino	2012-04-30	Tywin will leave for bob before arya gets her chance
1721	Silverx2	2012-04-30	Tywin was at Harrenhal during the "Ghost in Harenhall" sequence of events.  It was a good question even in the books.  One that only occurs to Arya when she sees him leave.  She could have said Tywin, and the Mountain.  Instead she used the deaths on immediate grudges.Which is why she decided to be smarter about wish 3.  If only she knew who she was really freeing...And the funny part about the third choice is it was un-needed. Roose and the brave companions arranged the capture in order to take the castle from the inside(Soldiers that were brought in injured were faking, Some of the prisoners made mention of the plot after being released). Arya and the whole "Weasel soup" event only sped the process up.So in essence despite trying to be smarter with the choice, she ultimately wasted it.
1722	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	From the persepctive of Tywin, he mentions again in this episode (Cersei mentions it a few times in earlier ones) that they have a 'SPY' in the North. Is this an easier way of letting on that Roose Bolton has been under their banner since the beginning, and as such there is no need for him to retake Harrenhal (for Robb), as Roose will be just holding it for the Lannisters.
1723	Mulled Wino	2012-04-30	And the funny part about the third choice is it was un-needed. Roose and the brave companions arranged the capture in order to take the castle from the inside(Soldiers that were brought in injured were faking, Some of the prisoners made mention of the plot after being released). Arya and the whole "Weasel soup" event only sped the process up.So in essence despite trying to be smarter with the choice, she ultimately wasted it.I think it ended up working out for her because I dont think Jaquen would have given her the iron coin if she hadn't outwitted him on the third option.  she would have had nowhere to go later on
1724	Joffrey	2012-04-30	WE know how dangerous Tywin is, but does Arya?
He's not the king.
He did not order (or have anything directly to do with) the execution of her father.
He commands the Lannister armies, but Robb doesn't seem to be having any trouble with them at all.
She heard from their own mouths that they haven't a clue how to defeat Robb and are feeling very threatened by him.
Tywin was the one who ordered an end to the torture/killing of everyone captured.
Not only is Tywin not a threat in her eyes, but he's somewhat benevolent.  If she could have any 3 (or now 2) killed, how could Tywin be a top candidate in Arya's mind?
And the staredown scene (which was one of the best scenes yet)...
Why wouldn't a girl of the North not want to see the enemies of her Lords defeated?  As in, it probably didn't surprise Tywin in the least.  Her petulence he may have found surprising - coming frm what he believes is a common girl.  Arya sees him at the very least as her equal, if not lesser.  But he doesn't know that.
1725	modehead	2012-04-30	My crackpot theory is this: Jaquen will kill Tywin.  
I jus think they're setting Arya up for a big kill, soon.
1726	Arkash	2012-04-30	They wont kill Tywin in the show, they cant change the story that much !
1727	Pliskin	2012-04-30	The Tickler's death in ASOS was maybe the most memorable death scene to me.
Arya's monologue was so... memorable. Don't know how to say it.
A shame they ruined it...
I'm really pissed.
1728	Silverx2	2012-04-30	They wont kill Tywin in the show, they cant change the story that much !At this point you need to see both the show and the books as two seperate entities.Whole characters are gone/invented in the show. People that should be alive are dead.Killing Tywin off wont change very much story wise beyond Tyrions Crossbow, and the person who gives the order for the red wedding.While i dont think Arya will give Tywins name, I wouldnt be shocked if that happened.
1729	Independent George	2012-04-30	Can we please wait until we see what they've done with Arya and the Hound in S3 before we proclaim it "ruined"?
1730	Fez	2012-04-30	While i dont think Arya will give Tywins name, I wouldnt be shocked if that happened.No, we know it won't happen. Charles Dance has mentioned in an interview that while he hasn't read the books he knows how he's going to die and it'll be in either "next season or the one after". And while they may change the circumstances of his death (though I doubt it), this interview was given only a few weeks ago; so we know he doesn't die in Season 2.
1731	Frumpus	2012-04-30	Agreed. Let's be honest here, they can still do the Sandor and Arya scene. It isn't necessary for Sandor to be mortally injured by two thugs that the audience was introduced to briefly. They could just be random new soldiers thought up by the producers. Offing Tickler and Polliver early has no impact on that storyline.
1732	sbjackdaw	2012-04-30	Independent George:While it's true that the writers could invent some new (and possibly awesome) scene for S3 with Arya and The Hound, it is technically ruined in the sense that Arya can no longer kill the Tickler while shouting her amazing lines in that scene. I (and many other book readers) are beginning to feel like the writers are changing stuff for no beneficial reason, and like a complex tapestry, every thread they pull or cut will have long-reaching, very possibly detrimental, effects.
1733	Fez	2012-04-30	Independent George:While it's true that the writers could invent some new (and possibly awesome) scene for S3 with Arya and The Hound, it is technically ruined in the sense that Arya can no longer kill the Tickler while shouting her amazing lines in that scene. I (and many other book readers) are beginning to feel like the writers are changing stuff for no beneficial reason, and like a complex tapestry, every thread they pull or cut will have long-reaching, very possibly detrimental, effects.I don't think its for no reason. It's difficult to bring back an actor after that long a break, particularly for such a minor role. It's difficult to ask the audience to immediately remember who this character was and why they are important; particularly when the character is going to be dead very shortly after being reintroduced.  And considering the short amount time the writers have; anything they can do to simplify the story without harming its overall integrity is going to be considered.
1734	Budj	2012-04-30	As far as the Tickler is concerned I'm kind of happy they are changing things up so much.  I like the contrast between the show and the books and the difference in how the story unfolds keeps the show interesting...yea it sucks we won't get the inn scene, but with any luck they will make something different but equally as cool.
1735	Iotun	2012-04-30	The Tickler's death in ASOS was maybe the most memorable death scene to me.Arya's monologue was so... memorable. Don't know how to say it.A shame they ruined it...I'm really pissed.As others have said, although the scene works in the books, it won't work on TV. The non book-reading audience can't be expected to remember such a minor character that appears for literally a few seconds in season 2 (and I don't think the writers have the luxury to have him for more than those few seconds given the rest of the story they have to say), or remember that the monologue of Arya mirrors the questions he was asking in random torture scene one or two seasons prior. It will be a confusing moment and nothing more.
1736	kephv	2012-04-30	As others have said, although the scene works in the books, it won't work on TV. The non book-reading audience can't be expected to remember such a minor character that appears for literally a few seconds in season 2That's assuming they couldn't show the character again. They could've shown him again with Gregor's group during Season 3 and 4 since they're still hunting down Beric.
1737	R0b0 J	2012-04-30	Not to mention how awesome Dance is doing as Tywin.
1738	Isabella Stark	2012-04-30	Tywin was at Harrenhal during the "Ghost in Harenhall" sequence of events.  It was a good question even in the books.  One that only occurs to Arya when she sees him leave.  She could have said Tywin, and the Mountain.  Instead she used the deaths on immediate grudges.Yes.  In the books it's not plausible, or almost not plausible, that Arya doesn't think to have her brother's main military foe killed. It can be chalked up to her being young and inpulsive.  TV-Arya is older and should know better. I think having her be Tywin's cupbearer will provide motivation for her to spare him- he's already saved Gendry from torture, he's kind of a protecter for her and apparently, as noted upthread, there's some sort of twist in their relationship that motivates her to spare him.Roose isn't supposed to be at Harrenhall yet.  But if they eliminate the Roose and Arya scenes, particularly the leeches scene, I'll be very sad.
1739	Blutrabe	2012-04-30	At this point you need to see both the show and the books as two seperate entities.Whole characters are gone/invented in the show. People that should be alive are dead.Killing Tywin off wont change very much story wise beyond Tyrions Crossbow, and the person who gives the order for the red wedding.While i dont think Arya will give Tywins name, I wouldnt be shocked if that happened.The relationship between Tywin and Tyrion is central to S3/S4, so they won't miss the chance to have these two amazing actors share a few more scenes.
1740	duncanthemedium	2012-04-30	I loved the back and forth between Arya and Tywin...I hope there's more of that!
					
					
							Edited by duncanthemedium, 30 April 2012 - 03:16 PM.
1741	Versiroth	2012-04-30	Bolton doesn't come to Harrenhal until after "Weasel Soup", right?   If that's the case, He could still end up there in a couple episodes.
1742	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-30	Whatever happens, I think the show pretty clearly sets up Tywin as one of Arya's choices. My non-reading girlfriend literally asked me: "she's going to kill him right?"
And it makes total sense with what we've been given. As cupbearer of Tywin (important difference with the books), Arya hears all about his strategy to destroy HER BROTHER. I mean, the tension is already palpable in that one scene between them. You'd have to be very obtuse not to want to try and stop the person who's out to get you're brother if you have the chance.
My 5 cents: a) Tywin gets offed or B ) he leaves in the nick of time after Arya ordered his death. Regardless, I have no doubts that she'll ask for Tywin as the second or third death. Butterfly effects galore.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 30 April 2012 - 03:37 PM.
1743	Versiroth	2012-04-30	Whatever happens, I think the show pretty clearly sets up Tywin as one of Arya's choices. My non-reading girlfriend literally asked me: "she's going to kill him right?"And it makes total sense with what we've been given. As cupbearer of Tywin, Arya hears all about his strategy to destroy HER BROTHER. You'd have to be very obtuse not to want to try and stop that person. My 5 cents: a) Tywin gets offed or B ) he leaves in the nick of time after Arya ordered his death. Regardless, I have no doubts that she'll ask for Tywin as the second or third death. Butterfly effects galore.BOOK SPOILERSIn the books, she makes her first two choices kind of hastily without thinking them through.   By the time she realizes she could have said Tywin and The Mountain, they had already left/were leaving Harrenhal.
1744	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-30	BOOK SPOILERSIn the books, she makes her first two choices kind of hastily without thinking them through.   By the time she realizes she could have said Tywin and The Mountain, they had already left/were leaving Harrenhal.Yes, but in the books it didn't seem as obvious, to me at least, that Tywin should have been no. 1. She simply has a very long wish list and not enough spots. In the show, Tywin is much more of an obvious target since she deals with him personally. That's why the cupbearer change is important.BTW, I just read that there's going to be a scene in which Arya gets a more humanized view on Tywin. This would make sense for NOT picking him. As it stands now though, Tywin has to be the first choice for the second spot. Oh, and I just realized I'm only talking about the second choice, not the third (for obvious reasons which I initially slipped my mind:))
1745	pretzalz	2012-04-30	Anyone think it possible that they just skip the second death?  It would certainly give the 'you've used up all your deaths in the escape' more power.
1746	Pliskin	2012-04-30	As others have said, although the scene works in the books, it won't work on TV. The non book-reading audience can't be expected to remember such a minor character that appears for literally a few seconds in season 2 (and I don't think the writers have the luxury to have him for more than those few seconds given the rest of the story they have to say), or remember that the monologue of Arya mirrors the questions he was asking in random torture scene one or two seasons prior. It will be a confusing moment and nothing more.The show doesn't have the PoV constraints, they could show the Tickler a lot more than the book did. The torture scenes would have worked very well on TV.
1747	Storms End	2012-04-30	At this point you need to see both the show and the books as two seperate entities.Whole characters are gone/invented in the show. People that should be alive are dead.Killing Tywin off wont change very much story wise beyond Tyrions Crossbow, and the person who gives the order for the red wedding.While i dont think Arya will give Tywins name, I wouldnt be shocked if that happened.Are you crazy? Tyrion killing off Tywin was a big big turning point for his personality, if they kill of Tywin in SEASON 2, not only are they missing out on allowing charles dance to entertain us for a little longer, but dropping a lot of Tyrion development.
1748	DonalNoye	2012-04-30	I expect that Arya's big stabbing scene will be moved up to the finale of this season, or whenever she escapes Harrenhal. Polliver will replace the random guard, and instead of tricking him with her iron coin, she'll stab him a bunch of times and take Needle back. As she leaves, she'll turn, smile, and say, "Is there gold in the village?"
I've got five bucks saying that happens, and it's the end of an episode.
1749	Ice Turtle	2012-04-30	I hope we will see Nymeria eating someone during Arya's escape. It can be a wolf dream if they want to save money. 
I think that Tywin finally figuring out her identity may be a reason for her to run.
1750	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-30	That's assuming they couldn't show the character again. They could've shown him again with Gregor's group during Season 3 and 4 since they're still hunting down Beric.I doubt they are going to be any scenes of that. Frankly, Gregor is not a big enough character to deserve his own scenes, and they're not going to invent new scenes for Gregor and the Tickler just so they can keep Arya killing the Tickler two seasons down the line.Arya killing hte Tickler is one of my favorite moments from the books, but it just doesn't work as well on television. The roe of the tickler isn't big enough to keep the actor around until season 4, and audiences wouldn't remember him from two seasons ago. Same thing with them getting rid of Marillon early last year. I'm sure they'll come up with a replacement villain--possibly Amory, though I doubt they'll keep him around that long either--for Arya to kill. Won't have the same impact, but better than nothing.
1751	catstory	2012-04-30	Do you think there will be Weasel Soup? One would think that there has to be, because it is such a great twist and important for her development, but then it means introducing more characters, like someone to replace Roose as the Northern leader there. But there has been some development of Tywin and Tyrion's relationship, so I don't think Tywin will be killed until the same place as in the book.
1752	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-30	Do you think there will be Weasel Soup? One would think that there has to be, because it is such a great twist and important for her development, but then it means introducing more characters, like someone to replace Roose as the Northern leader there. But there has been some development of Tywin and Tyrion's relationship, so I don't think Tywin will be killed until the same place as in the book.I think there will definitley be weasel soup, since apparently the guard who was lighting the buckets last episode for the Tickler is named Weasel. Obviously going a diffrent directon than teh book, but I don't think they'd name him Weasel unless there were including the weasel soup. It will probably work out differnetly too, as on the show I'm not sure if Roose will take Harrenhal or if Arya will still be trying to free Northmen.No way Tywin dies this season, or even next. He's one of the most crucial characters in ASOS; plus, his interactions with Tyrion in that book are fantastic, and I can't see the show wasting them for no reason. Arya was made by Tywin's cupbearer not so they could kill him off early, but to give Charles Dance more to do this season. In ACOK, I don't think Tywin even has a single line, and with the way the TV show has been going, they don't want to leave major characters without something to do for a whole season.
1753	Honey Badger	2012-04-30	Seems weird that she wouldn't pick Tywin.  Roose I understand because that's technically Robb's bannerman, and while cold, Arya didn't perceive Roose as a threat worth killing.  Knocking off the most high powered Lannister makes sense, however.  But, knowing they both have Plot Armor Â<U+0099>, it's simply not the time for Arya to kill Tywin or vice versa.
I forget in the books why Arya didn't pick juicier targets.  Yes, Weese or the Tickler just to prove that Jaqen is real, but after that, I'd pick the two biggest targets I could think of and send the Faceless Man on his way.  So Tywin and Joffrey, or replace one name with Cersei.  Or, definitely Littlefinger if Arya understood his part in betraying her father Ned.  My impression was that GRRM didn't what to make H'ghar too much of a Tom Bombadil character who was too powerful for the sake of the story.
1754	Mendoza	2012-04-30	There's plenty of horrible people for Arya to kill when the show gets to the end of season 4.  Killing the Tickler now makes alot more sense than some schmuck like Weese.
1755	Aegon I	2012-05-01	I have a feeling we're going to have one more added scene where Tywin expresses his regret that Ned Stark was killed causing this war he never wanted couple this with the fact that currently Robb is whopping Tywins butt in the field plus the whole saving her and gendry thing would give her ample reason to spare Tywin.
1756	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-01	The more I think about it, the more I can see a possibility of Tywin getting hit. People say that's inconceivable because Tyrion's crossbow scene is pivotal in his own character arc. I guess that's true to some extent, but plot wise, Tyrion could also be made to flee KL after the purple wedding (skip the imprisonment). Maybe Shae bangs Joffrey instead. The RW could be Cersei's idea. The only thing I am not sure of is how the war would develop without Tywin as field commander but if you think about it, most of the actual battles and strategies aren't really given any screen time anyway.
I'm just saying, there are ways to work around it but as I mentioned before, it would have some serious butterfly effects.
If they don't off Tywin, my money is on Aegon I's suggestion; they'll add a scene to make both Arya and Tywin seem more 'human' (i.e. the little girl only kills heartless punks that really deserve it and Tywin is not one of those punks but he is begrudgingly performing his duties as ruler).
1757	redqueen	2012-05-01	I think she won't kill Tywin because he offers her limited protection.  Killing Tywin might not seem important in Arya's eyes since he's a commander and there are other men that will take his place if he's gone. As they say, the devil you know.  Another man promoted to Tywin's position could be more dangerous. Arya might think that Tywin is losing his battles against Robb and another commander might win those battles. She could see that Robb is safer with this man in charge than an unknown. Arya doesn't know enough to know if killing Tywin would have a positive or negative effect on the outcome of the war (her brother's safety).
I think it comes down to Tywin is protecting her at Harrenhal.  She wouldn't  be foolish enough to kill the man that stopped the Trickler from killing her and her friends.  She needs him alive at the moment.  His life is safe from Arya's three wishes.
1758	SleepyNonah	2012-05-01	My money says Tywin will save her in some fashion by turning up at some point where she's being beaten by a cook in the kitchens or something along those lines...
1759	lyvyathan	2012-05-01	A thing that might be overlooked in the Arya/Tywin dynamic is this: On the show Tywin outed Arya as a girl and took her under his protection in one stroke. So even if he suspects something about her identity, he is keeping her close by and indebted to him. I think Arya understands that once Tywin is gone, anything could happen to her because nobody would rein in the Mountain or Ser Amory, to name just two. And having also identified Arya as a northerner in front of his bannermen, their suspicion would fall on her very quickly, should anything happen to Tywin. At the moment, Arya doesn't seem to have a plan about where she should go, how she could reach Robb or her mother or Winterfell. And as long as she hasn't figured that out, she would be foolish to throw away the little protection and security (plus a warm place to sleep I guess) she enjoys as Tywin's cupbearer.I wonder about one thing though. In the book it is a very important fact, that Arya unlike her siblings has the Stark looks. So even if Tywin has never seen Arya, I would deem it likely that he would pick up on the family resemblanceHaving said that, it would be quite easy for Arya to poison the whole lot of the Lannister military hierarchy in one stroke - if she obtained an odorously easily administed poison.Of course she would probably perish but her rage at her enemies for the death of her father and the war was very strong. And she was a very brave girl.In the end - the story should follow the book arc because in that one Arya chose not to name the top echelon of the enemy. Wonder why? Ask the author GRRM.
1760	catstory	2012-05-01	It might even be next episode that Tywin leaves. We are meant to think she will name him next and will feel/see her regret when it is too late. He will get it just like in the book, which is already well set up in the series through the relationship between father and son. Tywin's death is important to the start of the partial fall of the Lanasters and to the development of Tyrion in ADWD.
1761	Davos55	2012-05-01	There is a 0% chance that Tywin gets killed. Sorry, but any crackpot theory just doesn't apply here..it won't happen.
I believe the 2nd name will be Polliver, Amory Lorch (I highly doubt they will have a bear kill him), the guy who held the torch to the bucket for the Tickler (though that is lame and unlikely), or somebody else who will pop up soon and threaten Arya or her friends (ie Hot Pie or Gendry)
I also really hope that Weasel Soup is kept in..it is way too awesome too be left out!!
Finally, the Inn scene can definitely still happen, it will just be with 2 different people instead of Polliver and the Tickler (or still Polliver if he doesn't die).  We will miss Arya doing the ultra stabbing on the Tickler, but she can still rage out on somebody else!!
But yeah..Tywin isn't going to die.
1762	Lord Varys	2012-05-01	Jaqen told Arya in the book that he'll kill anyone, no matter how far away he would be at the time she named him, so that will make no matter here.
The important thing in the book is that Tywin is so far removed from Arya that it never occurs to her to name him. She is surrounded by really cruel people who torture and hurt her directly. That's why she names Weese and Chiswyck.
But TV Arya is not only older than book Arya, she is close to Lord Tywin physically, and she understands the threat he poses to her brother Robb. But since last episode gave no explanation why she would not name Lord Tywin, I doubt that the next episode will change that...
1763	sarah.jenice	2012-05-01	I'd say it's probable that Polliver or Armory Lorch will be the second name. Even though Polliver would of course totally destroy the Arya-&-Sandor-at-the-inn-scene.I also leaned toward Polliver or Ser Armory. I could see one of them doing something awful to Arya or maybe Gendry in the next episode and her wanting them dead.I'm not sure how they are going to handle the last wish, but:
	Spoiler With the season finale being titled Valar Morghulis 
I could see it happening then and Arya moving toward Robb and Lady Catelyn then.
1764	So1ar	2012-05-01	Can we please wait until we see what they've done with Arya and the Hound in S3 before we proclaim it "ruined"?that's not the way it works around here!
1765	Damon_Tor	2012-05-01	I think we'll see Arya decide to herself to have Tywin killed, then have her change her mind.  Most likely, someone (Polliver?) will try to rape her, and Tywin will stop it.  We'll learn he does this because he suspects she's Arya Stark, but the act earns him enough points with Arya that she decides to kill the would-be rapist instead.  Tywin knowing he has Arya, then losing her, may be later used to spice up the fake Arya situation: in the novels it's strongly implied that Tywin knows Jayne isn't Arya, but this would make it more explicit.
1766	Carey Snow	2012-05-01	Yes, but in the books it didn't seem as obvious, to me at least, that Tywin should have been no. 1. She simply has a very long wish list and not enough spots. In the show, Tywin is much more of an obvious target since she deals with him personally. That's why the cupbearer change is important.BTW, I just read that there's going to be a scene in which Arya gets a more humanized view on Tywin. This would make sense for NOT picking him. As it stands now though, Tywin has to be the first choice for the second spot.Oh, and I just realized I'm only talking about the second choice, not the third (for obvious reasons which I initially slipped my mind:))It was obvious to me in the books. I kept telling her to say Tywin's name, or Joffrey or Cersie. I have learned long ago that George RR Martin's characters do not listen to me. Arrya was being an impulsive 11 year old girl and taking care of her immediate threats. Only as Tywin is leaving does she think she should have used the death order on him. I also suspect Tywin and Arya's relationship in the show will be the reason she does not use the death wish in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Carey Snow, 01 May 2012 - 09:35 PM.
1767	zippypoodle	2012-05-01	At this point you need to see both the show and the books as two seperate entities.Whole characters are gone/invented in the show. People that should be alive are dead.Killing Tywin off wont change very much story wise beyond Tyrions Crossbow, and the person who gives the order for the red wedding.While i dont think Arya will give Tywins name, I wouldnt be shocked if that happened.That's hilarious. No one of any importance whatsoever who is alive in the book is dead in the show and vice versa. Tywin is of incredible importance. Not going to happen.
1768	lyvyathan	2012-05-01	There is a 0% chance that Tywin gets killed. Sorry, but any crackpot theory just doesn't apply here..it won't happen.I believe the 2nd name will be Polliver, Amory Lorch (I highly doubt they will have a bear kill him), the guy who held the torch to the bucket for the Tickler (though that is lame and unlikely), or somebody else who will pop up soon and threaten Arya or her friends (ie Hot Pie or Gendry)I also really hope that Weasel Soup is kept in..it is way too awesome too be left out!!Finally, the Inn scene can definitely still happen, it will just be with 2 different people instead of Polliver and the Tickler (or still Polliver if he doesn't die).  We will miss Arya doing the ultra stabbing on the Tickler, but she can still rage out on somebody else!!But yeah..Tywin isn't going to die.Please don't say that too loudly. The HBO gods might hear you and change the story plot!!!! Ekkkk!!!!
1769	Davos55	2012-05-01	I always forget about the HBO gods, they are always around..always lurking! You never know where they may troll to come up with something! Very scary indeed! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 01 May 2012 - 10:49 PM.
1770	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-02	It was obvious to me in the books. I kept telling her to say Tywin's name, or Joffrey or Cersie.You see what you did there right? It only strengthens my belief that there was not ONE obvious target.
1771	Hyper	2012-05-02	Base on information from interviews, it seems like Arya is intending on killing Tywin, but changes her mind.
I think I just realized what might happen. SPECULATION ALERT:
So Arya has one death left to wish for. She is saving it for Tywin. But then she overhears how the Greyjoys have sacked Winterfell and killed her brothers. She is distraught, and names... BALON GREYJOY.
It makes sense - it has been assumed that Balon is killed by an assassin, so they could adapt it this way. Perhaps Arya whispers a name to Jaqen in episode 9, and then as one of the final moments of episode 10, we see Balon fall off a bridge - then we see jaqen's new face smiling.
Or am I crazy?
1772	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-02	There building upn her hatred for him for a scene where Arya gets to see behind Tywin's mask and feels sympathy for him. Dance has said in an interview his favourite scene is one with just him and Arya and she gets to see behind his mask. Maybe he'll talk about his father. He'll probably say how he admires Robb and think that if the situation was different he'd like to know him better or something. Maybe he'll reveal a grudging respect he'd had for her father as a man of honour. Arya will then name others and only when Tywin rides out (episode 8/9) she thinks she should have named him and ignored sentiment reflecting that he was probably going off to try and kill her brother.
In the book she considers whether to kill tywin but she is still a child and being beaten and in fear she does what most people would do and seeks to get those who harmed her personally or that threatened her safety. She then regrets being so selfish when she could have ended the war. It is unfair to judge her like this though as even though Tywin may have been killed theres no way to know what would happen to her. She could quite as easily be raped and killed in the aftermath if hell broke loose, or one of those she named could have hurt her seriously or killed her. To act in self preservation is human, and that is what's so moving about this part of her arc.
btw I think there is no way Tywin would even suspect she was Arya Stark. To think he wouldn't act on those suspicions would be stupid. He's Tywin Lannister, he'll burn a village to the ground to kill one hidden rebel.
1773	sarah.jenice	2012-05-02	Whatever happens, I think the show pretty clearly sets up Tywin as one of Arya's choices. My non-reading girlfriend literally asked me: "she's going to kill him right?"And it makes total sense with what we've been given. As cupbearer of Tywin (important difference with the books), Arya hears all about his strategy to destroy HER BROTHER. I mean, the tension is already palpable in that one scene between them. You'd have to be very obtuse not to want to try and stop the person who's out to get you're brother if you have the chance.My 5 cents: a) Tywin gets offed or B ) he leaves in the nick of time after Arya ordered his death. Regardless, I have no doubts that she'll ask for Tywin as the second or third death. Butterfly effects galore.If they followed the books, Tywin leaving shouldn't matter. If I remember correctly, Arya asks Jaquen if he could kill a person that was not there and he tells her something like "a man puts on foot in front of the other and in a month or a year, it will be done." I think this happens before the third wish, but I am not one hundred percent certain.In the show, I am leaning toward her choosing Polliver next (maybe after he directly hurts her or Gendry) and maybe uses the last wish to escape. I am not sure if it will be necessary for Roose to take Harrenhal now (especially considering that Robb will find out what is happening in the North soon) so maybe Arya uses the Weasel Soup to escape Harrenhal after Tywin leaves them there with the Mountain or Ser Armory.
1774	Wonder	2012-05-02	In order for us to care (in the show) that Tyrion kills Tywin, we need him to appear more on screen than just the skinning we witnessed in the opening scene of one of the episodes in season 1. We need to care about Tywin and not just Tyrion in order for it to be a closing shot in one of the later episodes this season, so it makes sense they give him more screen time. Also, it's a great character and actor so it's just great. I'm not sure if Tyrion will end up killing Tywin in this season or the next.
1775	Independent George	2012-05-02	Here's my spitball:
The Tickler was her "test" kill to see if Jaqen would and could do it. E6 starts with her discussing her remaining wishes, and can't decide between the Hound, the Mountain, Joffrey, Cersei. Jaqen also reveals that he's not just "magicking" each kill, and so even though he'll kill anyone she names, it might require some time to prepare for depending on the difficulty. This is as much for audience benefit as anything. Strangely, nobody is naked for this explanation.
The episode description says that Arya has a surprise visitor. My guess is that it's Nymeria, but one of the Lannister men (say, Ser Amory) drives her away and decides to form a hunting party to kill her.
In a panic, she rushes to Jaqen, says "Ser Amory" (or whomever), and demands that he do it fast. Later, while Arya nervously watches the hunting party get organized, Ser Amory is attacked and killed by one of his own hounds. From a distance, Jaqen holds up two fingers.
For the audience, this manages to (1) justify not using her pick on a higher-value target; she's panicked, and trying to protect her direwolf, (2) sets up Nymeria's pack and saving Arya in S3, and (3) much as in the book, the nature of the attack should make the viewer wonder how the heck he managed to make the dog attack its own master.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 02 May 2012 - 12:49 PM.
1776	snowzombie	2012-05-03	Base on information from interviews, it seems like Arya is intending on killing Tywin, but changes her mind.I think I just realized what might happen. SPECULATION ALERT:So Arya has one death left to wish for. She is saving it for Tywin. But then she overhears how the Greyjoys have sacked Winterfell and killed her brothers. She is distraught, and names... BALON GREYJOY.It makes sense - it has been assumed that Balon is killed by an assassin, so they could adapt it this way. Perhaps Arya whispers a name to Jaqen in episode 9, and then as one of the final moments of episode 10, we see Balon fall off a bridge - then we see jaqen's new face smiling.Or am I crazy?Original poster here. I am tickled (pun intended) that my question prompted such a great discussion. So many good theories. But seriously, the Balon Greyjoy one wins for most creative. It reminds me of how the writers of Breaking Bad lock themselves in a room until they can figure a way out of a plot knot. If all options were on the table, this idea has some legs. Charles Dance = Chuck D of Public Enemy (of the Riverlands) and The Mountain is his Terminator X.
1777	lyvyathan	2012-05-03	There building upn her hatred for him for a scene where Arya gets to see behind Tywin's mask and feels sympathy for him. Dance has said in an interview his favourite scene is one with just him and Arya and she gets to see behind his mask. Maybe he'll talk about his father. He'll probably say how he admires Robb and think that if the situation was different he'd like to know him better or something. Maybe he'll reveal a grudging respect he'd had for her father as a man of honour. Arya will then name others and only when Tywin rides out (episode 8/9) she thinks she should have named him and ignored sentiment reflecting that he was probably going off to try and kill her brother.I think so too!! But have you got a link for that interview with Dance!!!??
1778	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-03	I think so too!! But have you got a link for that interview with Dance!!!??http://www.youtube.c...h?v=dUmN4ISMfpkhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=qEzpu4H9gGgone of these two, I think the first one.
1779	lyvyathan	2012-05-03	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=dUmN4ISMfpkhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=qEzpu4H9gGgone of these two, I think the first one.Thanks for that. If you haven't seen it - Masie Williams also gives an interview where she talks about working with Charles Dance.http://www.youtube.c...1&v=yYnK5ZLMKVA
1780	House Snow	2012-05-03	Can someone remind me if IIlyn Payne died in the book.  If he didn't i could see him as a darkhorse death if he were to suddenly show up.   But my first bet is Nymeria too.
1781	Lord Damian	2012-05-03	The only reason for show purposes is that Tywin shows respect toward Robb in the manner he talks about him. Arya never knew what he was planning in regards to Roose Bolton and Walder Frey and the Red Wedding.
1782	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-04	Can someone remind me if IIlyn Payne died in the book.  If he didn't i could see him as a darkhorse death if he were to suddenly show up.   But my first bet is Nymeria too.No, he trains with Jaime in SoS and is pretty important in that Jaime talks to him as he knows he can't tell anyone. (That would be a great way to do some of his internal monologues S3/4 so they'd be a fool to kill him off this series.
1783	The Monkey	2012-05-04	Base on information from interviews, it seems like Arya is intending on killing Tywin, but changes her mind.I think I just realized what might happen. SPECULATION ALERT:So Arya has one death left to wish for. She is saving it for Tywin. But then she overhears how the Greyjoys have sacked Winterfell and killed her brothers. She is distraught, and names... BALON GREYJOY.It makes sense - it has been assumed that Balon is killed by an assassin, so they could adapt it this way. Perhaps Arya whispers a name to Jaqen in episode 9, and then as one of the final moments of episode 10, we see Balon fall off a bridge - then we see jaqen's new face smiling.Or am I crazy?/ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />God damn, that would be quite a twist! I don't think I would mind, except that it undermines Euron's cunning (as he was probably the one to hire the FM to get rid of his brother)
1784	theMountainGoat	2012-05-04	I strongly suspect Arya's second wish will be Polliver, no need to keep him around if we've lost the Tickler already. It does mean Arya gets Needle back much quicker but I don't think that would make any difference to the story. Either that or some cook (probably named Weese) making Hot Pie's life a misery as speculated earlier.
But I've been thinking about the third wish. There is no way they can do it like in the books because Roose Bolton will be sticking with Robb, so my guess is that The Mountain will capture Beric Dondarrion and some of the Brotherhood Without Banners bringing them back to Harrenhal. That way we get at least some of the explanation for what happened to Beric and what the BWB are all about in this season.
Arya will then use the same method as the books to convince Jaqen to help free the BWB using weasel soup only this will be part of the plan that allows Arya to escape Harrenhal with the BWB so she'll start season three already travelling with them. That means no Inn of the Kneeling Man, but since Jaime is going to be free a lot earlier (and I am expecting Jaime's storyline this season to end with his hand getting chopped off) so the missed each other by a few days moment would not make sense anyway. I don't know what that would mean for Hot Pie, perhaps he will get killed off or perhaps he will stick with the BWB through season three for a lot longer.
This is just a guess by the way, I could be wrong, but it has the right feel to it because I think it condenses things quite well and would be the easiest way to explain things for the TV audience.
1785	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-04	Base on information from interviews, it seems like Arya is intending on killing Tywin, but changes her mind.I think I just realized what might happen. SPECULATION ALERT:So Arya has one death left to wish for. She is saving it for Tywin. But then she overhears how the Greyjoys have sacked Winterfell and killed her brothers. She is distraught, and names... BALON GREYJOY.It makes sense - it has been assumed that Balon is killed by an assassin, so they could adapt it this way. Perhaps Arya whispers a name to Jaqen in episode 9, and then as one of the final moments of episode 10, we see Balon fall off a bridge - then we see jaqen's new face smiling.Or am I crazy?This is really good. Though, it may depend on whether Euron hiring the FM to do him in is a major plot point later or not.Still. Would be a great tie in.
1786	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-04	I am expecting Jaime's storyline this season to end with his hand getting chopped off)I don't think so, Jaime will be free and at large end of episode 7 but they'll introduce the goat before they chop his hand off and that won't happen until series 3 as he isn't cast.Is Robb going to chop Karstark's head off?
1787	hesitantreader	2012-05-04	Without the trauma of Arya's travel in the river lands the whole 3 deaths plot line does not work.  I understand that you really can't cut it from the story if they are planning on going beyond SoS, but I think they should have changed it a bit. Perhaps granting her only one and having her use it to take over the castle.
					
					
							Edited by hesitantreader, 04 May 2012 - 11:49 AM.
1788	scurvy	2012-04-29	How will Loras not kill Brienne if there was no reason to prove her claim of an other worldly killer?  No sword could pierce his gorget, but what about just going through his flesh?  Seems less provable innocence.  Maybe their not banking on a 4th season...
1789	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-04-30	How will Loras not kill Brienne if there was no reason to prove her claim of an other worldly killer?  No sword could pierce his gorget, but what about just going through his flesh?  Seems less provable innocence.  Maybe their not banking on a 4th season...They already solved it. In this version, Loras openly says he doesn't believe Brienne did it. Sorted.
1790	Thunderfist	2012-04-30	From what I could tell from this episode, Loras doesnÂ´t believe that Brienne had anything to do with the murder. This has been changed from the booksQuote from the TV-show:"Loras: Ride back to Highgarden sister, IÂ´m not running from Stannis!""Margaery: Brienne of Tarth murdered Renly""Loras: I donÂ´t believe that, you donÂ´t believe that!""Loras: Who gained the most from our kings death?""Littlefinger: Stannis!"
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 30 April 2012 - 03:38 AM.
1791	Envie	2012-04-30	I'm not a book purist, but sometimes I don't really understand why they change minor details like this one. Why not leave it as it was in the book with the knife slitting his throat through his armor gorget? It made it seem so much more like true 'dark magic' in the book that way. The way they chose to do it, with his armor off, and a shadow-knife through the heart makes it look almost 100% Brienne's fault since its so much more obvious that way.
Oh well, overall I wasn't that disappointed with the scene. I know a lot of people don't care for the shadow-demon CGI but I think it's ok and close enough as described in the book.
1792	sennahoj	2012-04-30	Renly wasn't wearing his gorget and shoulderplates, but he was still wearing his armour. Isn't is supposed to be some kind of brigandine armour with a velvet coating (according to the making of short about the armour I mean)? So even with the gorget off, a normal sword couldn't cut to that sort of armour like butter, therefore doubts over Renly's death would still be valid on the show.
1793	Raylan Stark	2012-04-30	Another great future scene their ruining by changing the books.  First Arya and the Tickler, now this. (well, I guess technically this comes first)  Why else would Jaime be forced to order Loras to stand down and "Put away that sword before I shove it up someplace even Renly never found."
					
					
							Edited by Raylan Stark, 30 April 2012 - 05:37 AM.
1794	boojam	2012-04-30	I'm not a book purist, but sometimes I don't really understand why they change minor details like this one. Why not leave it as it was in the book with the knife slitting his throat through his armor gorget? It made it seem so much more like true 'dark magic' in the book that way. The way they chose to do it, with his armor off, and a shadow-knife through the heart makes it look almost 100% Brienne's fault since its so much more obvious that way.Oh well, overall I wasn't that disappointed with the scene. I know a lot of people don't care for the shadow-demon CGI but I think it's ok and close enough as described in the book.My personal opinion, but I thought that Renly's death in CoK smacked of deus ex machina. I don't mind Melisandre having magical powers but the scenario in the novel seemed an expediency on George's part.(I don't care for the slug burning in SoS either, but that's just me.)Renly's death scenario in the CoK was more elaborated and also more confusing, we get the supernatural part explained later with the Ser Cortnay Penrose scenario. D&D were wise to meld those two stories into one, this narrative makes more sense, especially as a visual narrative.Glad D&D eliminated all the huger mugger of acquisitions thrown at Cat and Brienne , on the spot, and their messy escape.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 30 April 2012 - 06:12 AM.
1795	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	I guess it's just another way to keep the show flowing, without worrying about how many more season will be available. Cat and Brienne didn't do it, the readers and Tv viewers now it, and now Ser Loras does as well.
1796	Greywolf2375	2012-04-30	I would have liked to have seen it much closer to how it was written - that a slash was able to cut through steel like a knife through cheese.  It was very eerie in the book with some mystery about how it happened,  This was B-sci fi shadow monster.
1797	Mista C	2012-04-30	I was incredibly dissapointed with how they did this scene...
1798	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	My personal opinion, but I thought that Renly's death in CoK smacked of deus ex machina.Yes, it very much did. Although one might call it deus ex vagina in this case.
1799	Brynden Bloodraven	2012-04-30	I expected to hear the freight train/pots & pans/gears and pulleys sound of Smoky from Lost when the shadow assassin rolled into the tent. All in all, it felt clunky--like the actors didn't receive much direction on what the effects were going to actually look like or how they would behave... the blocking seemed strange as well, probably because they weren't sure of how the fx would end up when shooting the scene.
I saw the shadow blade as creeping up Renly like a regular shadow that would be thrown against anyone, then suddenly becoming corporeal as it slices back through his armor, flesh and muscle.
Additionally, I think it's a missed opportunity since the birth of the shadow baby was fantastic.
This is something that I looked forward to seeing on the screen since I read the book--very turned off by how the whole scene (and fallout with Loras) played out.
					
					
							Edited by Brynden Bloodraven, 30 April 2012 - 10:08 AM.
1800	Mike Snow	2012-04-30	I am extremely disappointed as well. I mean, Brienne in a sense stole Loras scene. Loras didn't hold it together in the books. Brienne was his first target more than anything, not Stannis. He needed to have a breakdown, and he definitely wouldn't of left Renly's body. I mean, I shouldn't of got my hopes on how this would translate on screen, but.we should of least got that.
					
					
							Edited by Mike Snow, 30 April 2012 - 10:17 AM.
1801	Tadco26	2012-04-30	I thought Loras' response in the show was completely unbelieveable.  He doesn't even suspect Brienne or Catelyn, when they were the two with Renly when he died and both have fled?  I'm at a loss for why they made this change, since it wouldn't have taken any more dialogue for him to blame her.  The actual shadow and death were acceptable, given TV budgets and what not.  I also thought it was an odd change to have them removing Renly's armor rather than putting it on.  The stab thru the armor was also a fact that helped absolve Brienne in Ser Loras mind later.  It's another change that appears to be completely arbitrary and unnecessary at this point.
1802	sennahoj	2012-04-30	Brienne had started taking the armour off, but Renly was stil wearing most of it. It was definitely not just a doublet he was wearing, it was actual armour which could not have been pierced that easily.http://www.makinggam...nlys-armor.html
1803	_Oberyn_	2012-04-30	Another great future scene their ruining by changing the books.  First Arya and the Tickler, now this. (well, I guess technically this comes first)  Why else would Jaime be forced to order Loras to stand down and "Put away that sword before I shove it up someplace even Renly never found." /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1804	irishtemper	2012-04-30	The way they changed it no longer makes any fucking sense....
It was obvious in the books by how powerful the magic was that everyone would think it was Cat or Brienne who killed him and that is why they fled.  
In the show it doesn't seem very serious and since Loras doesn't think she killed her and Stannis knows she didn't...then why did Cat and Brienne high tail it besides just to follow a plot line of the book that they chose to include.
1805	Bastard of Lannister	2012-04-30	It could be to cut a little bit of the Loras / Brienne foreplay in A Feast for Crows / Season 4 and give a more solid reason for the Tyrells not to rally with Stannis.
1806	Fez	2012-04-30	It could be to cut a little bit of the Loras / Brienne foreplay in A Feast for Crows / Season 4 and give a more solid reason for the Tyrells not to rally with Stannis.This.I think they are trying to clearly establish why the Tyrells would now actively side with the Lannisters instead of just sitting things out without having to introduce Mace or the Queen of Thorns.  If Margaery wants to be THE queen, and Loras wants revenge against Stannis, then there you go; reasons given. If only the former was true, show-only fans might wonder why Margaery doesn't try to get Stannis to set aside his wife and marry her instead of marrying Joffrey; that shit.I would've liked a scene of Loras going mad with grief and killing some extras; but I'd be fine with him blaming Stannis after calming down.
1807	R0b0 J	2012-04-30	I think the let Brienne do the slaying of guards because they needed to showoff that Brienne was a badass sword fighter whereas we have had people talking up the KoF for a few episodes + his downing the Mountain.
1808	BeanCounter	2012-04-30	D&D were wise to meld those two stories into one, this narrative makes more sense, especially as a visual narrative.I think they were wise to meld the stories too, but I disagree about it making sense visually.  Comparing this scene against the final one of the previous episode when Melisandre births her shadow baby, and trying to put myself in the shoes of someone who doesn't know about those two killings in the books, I can't escape questioning the visuals.  Where exactly were Davos and Mel going, in whatever that tunnel was with a barred gate, if the killing was in a field full of tents and pavilions?  Visually, we need some explanation of that tunnel.
1809	Lady Lilac	2012-04-30	The only part I'm not really happy about is Loras believing it wasn't Brienne. I mean come one that means no "Seathe your sword or I will shove it someplace even Renly couldn't find" which is definitely one of my top favorite Jaime quotes. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1810	MaJose	2012-04-30	I am extremely disappointed as well. I mean, Brienne in a sense stole Loras scene. Loras didn't hold it together in the books. Brienne was his first target more than anything, not Stannis. He needed to have a breakdown, and he definitely wouldn't of left Renly's body. I mean, I shouldn't of got my hopes on how this would translate on screen, but.we should of least got that.Me too. I wanted to see Loras kill the guards too. I think that was a big scene for the character of Loras because it showed just how much he loved Renly, I mean killing your sworn brothers is a big deal. And I know that the show has shown their relationship but to me two semi-sex scenes are not as powerful as him breaking down with grief. Plus show-Loras could really benefit from a badass scene. He's suppose to be a great knight but the show hasn't shown that.I suppose they had Loras blame Stannis instead of Brienne so that he may have a reason to join the Lannisters  against Stannis wich is fine except than now we won't get the scene where he threatens Brienne and that's a shame.
1811	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-30	he knows it was stannis
/problem solved
1812	SerRodzilla	2012-05-01	I was upset they didnt include the Loras scene, IMO Brienne should have beat them escaped, Loras should have come in and finished the job.
I had already seen Season 1 when I read AGOT so I knew the relationship between him and Renly, but my friend at work started reading AGOT and ACOK before the Season 1 DVD was released. When Loras went crazy this was the point where he sussed Renly and Loras might be a little more than just good friends.
However Loras vs. Brienne showdown might still happen albeit a little differant Loras could just be like "you swore to protect him" then things have to be calmed down.
1813	LifeRuiner	2012-05-01	give a more solid reason for the Tyrells not to rally with Stannis.I agree and I think that this scene was more necessary to move the plot along than making a second person go berserk over Renly's death within minutes. The writers gave Brienne and Loras different stages of grief.I'm a huge Loras fan and obviously, I would have rather had him get both scenes but I see why this narrative choice was made and also, the actress who played Brienne nailed it so beautifully.
1814	Weles	2012-05-04	I found the scene of Renly's assassination to be a bit anticlimactic and too predictable. The shadow should have come up more suddenly. I also thought that cutting through Renly's throat and splashing blood on Brienne were details that made that scene really disturbing in the book. It was sudden and brutal. I guess we would have needed a bit more screen time with Renly before the assassination to make it really hard-hitting. Perhaps a longer parley scene and less (or none) of Ros.
1815	SerRodzilla	2012-05-04	I found the scene of Renly's assassination to be a bit anticlimactic and too predictable. The shadow should have come up more suddenly. I also thought that cutting through Renly's throat and splashing blood on Brienne were details that made that scene really disturbing in the book. It was sudden and brutal. I guess we would have needed a bit more screen time with Renly before the assassination to make it really hard-hitting. Perhaps a longer parley scene and less (or none) of Ros.Agreed, and his scene where he laughs at Jofferey should have been left in, making him somewhat of a fan favorite.
1816	teemo	2012-04-29	First, no one can play this part better than Charles Dance.  He's just perfect.  Is anyone getting the feeling that the writers are trying to make him more likable?  I like him a lot more in the show than I ever did in the books.  He talks to Arya where virtually every high lord would totally ignore her existence; he seems more "street smart," I guess you'd say.  I would think the writers would do the opposite, considering that their favorite Tyrion is going to kill him eventually.  However, at the same time, we only were able to see Tywin from certain characters POVs, so there's no telling how he always acts.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 30 April 2012 - 03:30 AM.
1817	Envie	2012-04-30	I honestly love Tywin so much more in the series than I did in the books. I think I had a harder time identifying with him as a 'powerful patriarch' in the book. I also felt that while he was portrayed as very menacing and commanding - that doesn't come across half as well as Charles Dance is doing with the character on screen. He's got an amazing stage presence that just makes you want to look away and be nervous...much the same way he made all three of his very smart and very powerful children do in their respective scenes with "Daddy" haha.
1818	LordBloodraven	2012-04-30	Yeah, Charles Dance nailed the role I think. His entrance and "you idiot" to Polliver in episode 4 were excellent. I think he doesn't carry the arrogance present in the book character but he had the personnality and the presence. So hats off to him
1819	Crown	2012-04-30	His scene with his council and Arya is very powerful, Charles Dance is the perfect actor for Tywin.
1820	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	I totally agree that the actor is superb in his performance. On a side note, I like the way the show has portrayed Tywin Lannister, he is the Alpha-Male Lion of the Lannisters; but he didnt get that way overnight. Remember it has been told (thru other POV) that he was leading men at a very early age, and has been ruthless and cunning for most of his life. The way he pardones his relative (I forget his name) at the council, and then banishes him, that was very well done. I wonder if that same relative will be the one who raises the new levies (army) in Lannisport, and then gets thrashed by Robb; who in turn gets wounded and then gets (healed) by you know who?
1821	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	Dance has been nothing short of brilliant in all his scenes, and last night's was perhaps the best. 
As for that scene and its "appropriateness" concerning his character, I think it's certainly something Tywin would do.  He had his suspicions (for one reason or another, anybody's guess) that Arya is a Northerner, so he siezed it as an opportunity to gauge the Northern commoner's viewpoint of Robb Stark.  And it worked.
1822	Thunderfist	2012-04-30	Charles Dance is beyond awesome as Tywin Lannister, every time heÂ´s on screen I have a nerdgasm caused by his awesomeness
1823	Independent George	2012-04-30	I think he doesn't carry the arrogance present in the book character but he had the personnality and the presence. So hats off to himArrogance is acting like you're better than everybody else. I don't think of Charles Dance's Tywin as arrogant because he actually is better than everybody else.He just dominates every scene he's in, and it's not because of the camera work. It's a joy to watch.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 30 April 2012 - 09:10 AM.
1824	Tony Soprano	2012-04-30	I agree, Charles Dance is absolutely perfect for the role. He's an amazing actor, and he's had great performances in all his scenes so far.
The scene with Arya from last night was excellent, and I have to admit, it was my favorite scene in this season so far. 
I'm looking forward to see more of his acting skills, and I hope they've expanded his role somehow.
1825	Tourniquet	2012-04-30	I can't wait to see him in KL and how he acts with all of his children around him. I hope the series gets that far because that will be great.
1826	Ice Turtle	2012-04-30	The interaction I'm looking forward the most is Tywin and Joffrey.
1827	Red Lion	2012-04-30	Hello, this is my first post in this forum.
I actually thought Tywin didn't regard that comment from Arya as a threat at all. That was the beauty of the scene, because Arya meant it that way, however what Tywin heard was that anyone can be killed, including Robb Stark.
I think Arya just unintentionally gave Tywin the inspiration of the Red Wedding. A pretty cool plot twist, I think.
1828	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	Not a bad idea about Arya giving Tywin the thought of the Red Wedding. in addition both from the words of Cersie and Tywin; they keep reminding viewers about their 'SPY' in the North.
1829	Ser Giant	2012-04-30	I still remember the scene from seaon 1 when he was slughtering the stag, he has been a perfect Tywin, really looking forward to his time as Hand.
1830	Chipster92	2012-04-30	Agree with everyone else so far. Charles Dance and his perfromance as Tywin Lannister has been amazing since he first appeared and has been a joy to watch ever since. His voice and his overall presence almost remind me of  Christopher Lee and his portrayal of Saruman in The Lord of the Rings trilogy. They have the same kind of thing where they both are able command the screen and demand respect from other characters and intimidate with just a single glance. They also both eminate dignity, intelligence and power every single time they speak. You just know they're in control of the situation. I'm personally hoping Dance gets some type of award for his brilliant work when his role on the show is completed.
					
					
							Edited by Chipster92, 30 April 2012 - 11:41 AM.
1831	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-30	He's getting soft in the series. For TV spectors only, the character is perfect. But to me he's not the badass presented in the first season and in the books.
1832	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-30	Yes his character may seem a little 'soft', but that softness can also be used for calculated cunning; as he asks for his commanders opinions and then will seize upon the best course of action. He is going to give King Joffery a real taste of where his power lies, and it wont be from his mother right now.
1833	Pliny	2012-04-30	I have to admit that I loved scenes with him in the books, and Charles Dance does not disappoint. He's brilliant as Tywin, and the series' Tywin is, I guess, more like the one I saw in the books than the evil monster Tywin so many other readers seem to have seen.
1834	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Charles Dance conveys more with his silences than most other actors convey with their babbling expositions of ten times the length. This is the craft of acting, a wonder to behold. We see it so seldom in TV dramas that when at last we i¬nally do, it takes our breath away.Less babble, more acting.  Please.
1835	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	Yes his character may seem a little 'soft', but that softness can also be used for calculated cunning; as he asks for his commanders opinions and then will seize upon the best course of action. He is going to give King Joffery a real taste of where his power lies, and it wont be from his mother right now.I cannot wait for Twyin to give his twisted double-grandchild his comeuppance in seasons three and four.  Tywin will just proceed as though Joffrey isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even there. It will be a delight. Joffrey may try to push his mother around, but Lord Tywin will have none of that nonsense.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s time for the Mad Kinglet to be reminded that he is only a spoiled tyrant full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.Lord Tywin rules.
1836	The Second Hand	2012-04-30	What makes Charles Dance more effective then ninety-percent of older actors are his eyes. Haunting. Exactly what Martin conveyed through Tywin -- one stare meant a thousand different things.
1837	Currawong	2012-04-30	Charles Dance conveys more with his silences than most other actors convey with their babbling expositions of ten times the length. This is the craft of acting, a wonder to behold. We see it so seldom in TV dramas that when at last we i¬nally do, it takes our breath away.Less babble, more acting.  Please. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />In one of the interviews with Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, they talked about Jamie's scene with Tywin in Season 1 (where Tywin is skinning the deer) and where so much about their whole relationship is shown just with their eyes and body language.  When asked about the acting, NCW commented that he just looked into CD's eyes and reacted to that.    It's a wonderful compliment from one actor about another, and for this reason alone, I just hope, HOPE we eventually get that final Tywin / Jamie rift scene almost word for word, where Jamie has returned to KL and Tywin wants hin to marry Margaery, leave the KG and go to Casterly Rock.
1838	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-04-30	What makes Charles Dance more effective then ninety-percent of older actors are his eyes. Haunting.Funny you mention Charles Dance's eyes.I sometimes participate on a website where you are shown a screenshot, and then you have to guess what movie the screenshot is from. I watched GOT last year May/June. And then on June 20th, this was one of the screenshots you had to guess:http://whatthemovie.com/shot/164868Within a split second I recognized those eyes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I then had to use the wikipages to find from which film that was. Took me under a minute to guess a movie I had never seen before. Just because of Charles Dance's eyes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1839	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-01	The interaction I'm looking forward the most is Tywin and Joffrey.Can't wait for this! One of my favorite parts of ASoS is when Tywin puts that little shit stain in his place.
1840	Laohu	2012-05-01	However "soft" he may be portrayed at the moment, we all know there are plenty of opportunities to redeem himself in the "hard-ass" department in future seasons, if not episodes.
1841	Fylimar	2012-05-01	I'm very glad, that Charles Dance is so loved here - he is one of my alltime favorite actors, as I wrote in another thread, and most times, when I mention him to friends, I only get a 'Who?'.
About him portraying a soft side on Tywin: We have a soft side of him in the books, too: the memories of his children and Kevan from his time with Joanna. Since the show cut that - and his interactions with his brother mostly, they have to show his more humane side in another way - and I don't think, they will make him a nice guy, just someone, who is so hooked up in doing his duty (what was always my impression of Tywin), that he forgets to be nice most of the time.
And yay for Charles Dance - I hope, we will have him 'til the end of season 4 at least
1842	Aussie50	2012-05-01	Funny you mention Charles Dance's eyes.I sometimes participate on a website where you are shown a screenshot, and then you have to guess what movie the screenshot is from. I watched GOT last year May/June. And then on June 20th, this was one of the screenshots you had to guess:http://whatthemovie.com/shot/164868Within a split second I recognized those eyes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I then had to use the wikipages to find from which film that was. Took me under a minute to guess a movie I had never seen before. Just because of Charles Dance's eyes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Holy shit he was that villain in Last Action Hero! I now have to rewatch that movieYep Charles Dance is truly nailing his portrayal of Tywin, he's dominated each of his terribly short scenes and I can't wait till he gets to King's Landing. Watching him interact with Cersei, and particularly Joffrey, is going to be amazing.I wonder if the TV viewers will be shocked and turn on Tyrion when he kills him, I think that's going to be an amazing scene if it's done right.
1843	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-01	I wonder if the TV viewers will be shocked and turn on Tyrion when he kills him, I think that's going to be an amazing scene if it's done right.Well, even Tyrion kinda turns on himself after that, so maybe viewers will, too.
1844	Davos55	2012-05-01	Charles Dance is definitely one of the best actors on the show. Every scene with him is excellent, and his presence alone is just unforgettable.  He is a true standout in my eyes.
One of my favorite scenes of the entire show so far is when he is skinning the deer and talking to Jamie.  I sometimes rewatch just that scene beause it is so well written and awesome.  It gives me hope that D&D can add meaningful, great, added scenes when they put their minds to it. The scene on Sunday with him and Arya is another great example of this.
Also, he is definitely badass. I don't think he is "soft" at all.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 01 May 2012 - 12:17 PM.
1845	lyvyathan	2012-05-01	Look at him - he even rides a horse like a Tywin Lannister!!!
1846	BinkyBonks	2012-05-01	Well, there's no doubt they're changing Tywin to make him more "charismatic". In the books he's like Stannis to the extent of being incredibly stern and lacking a sense of humour. I don't remember Tywin cracking a joke once in the entire fracking series.
I suppose the ultra-dignified, "George Washingon" type of leader is sufficiently alien to most Americans nowadays that there's no way of avoiding having to change Tywin's personality. Note also that Tywin and Stannis have perfectly class-neutral accents, whereas in the books they surely would have sounded highborn.
					
					
							Edited by BinkyBonks, 01 May 2012 - 02:34 PM.
1847	sToNED_CAT	2012-05-01	He is a good actor, but I think the show makes him look too humane. I don't think book Tywin would give shit about some peasants who are tortured, especially considering the fact, that HE was the one who gave order to ravage the country around Harrenhall. And he would have his own cupbearer (probably some other Lannister, it seems like they are everywhere) but that's just nitpicking, I admit.
					
					
							Edited by anguy, 01 May 2012 - 02:45 PM.
1848	Nebmai	2012-05-01	People are missing the mark calling him being all "soft" and "too humane".
Last week he was just being practical and smart, he didn't punish his men for doing awful things beyond insulting them for being dumb; that insult was because they were wasting "resources" by not forcing the prisoners into slave labor.  This week with Arya he was just being cunning, he knew she was from the North from the start and wanted to get some information he couldn't otherwise.
In all the scenes he was using people to his advantage, which is 100% Tywin from the books.  He is not the Mad King, he's smart ruthless and practical.  If Robb or Stannis came upon some of their men torturing peasant captives to death with out orders looking for gold and vague information, they would take some heads and or hands from their men.  Tywin just said "Freaking morons, they're more useful as slaves put them to work."  Yeah, a real softie alright.
P.S.  Yeah Charles Dance is stealing every scene he is in, or at least doing so well he is bringing everything and everyone up a peg or two.
					
					
							Edited by Nebmai, 01 May 2012 - 03:16 PM.
1849	mcbelfast	2012-05-01	I was always a fan of Tywin in the books. I read A Game of Thrones after seeing the series so perhaps my opinion of the character was influenced by Dance's brilliant portrayal.
I thought the scene between him and Arya was superb. Perhaps the best scene of the season so far. 
I also chuckled as the guy who Tywin sent off with a flea in his ear used to live across the road from me.
1850	Lannister_Lion	2012-05-01	I like Dance as Tywin.
That said, book Tywin would have had Arya's tongue torn out for that veiled comment.
I dont like the liberties the writers are taking with the story, if i wanted watered down fantasy i would read JK Rowling.
1851	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-01	He is a good actor, but I think the show makes him look too humane. I don't think book Tywin would give shit about some peasants who are tortured, especially considering the fact, that HE was the one who gave order to ravage the country around Harrenhall. And he would have his own cupbearer (probably some other Lannister, it seems like they are everywhere) but that's just nitpicking, I admit.But he DOESN'T care about the peasants being tortured- what he cares is that they need workers, and instead of using them, Gregor & company are just torturing them with no purpose.I like Dance as Tywin.That said, book Tywin would have had Arya's tongue torn out for that veiled comment.I dont like the liberties the writers are taking with the story, if i wanted watered down fantasy i would read JK Rowling.Yeah, what we're seeing on this show is clearly watered down fantasy.
1852	WinterWarrior	2012-05-02	He is much softer in the HBO series. My husband, who had not read the books, asked if he was going to help Arya because he seemed to be so nice to her in this episode. I was shocked when he asked that!
Remember how Tywin treats Tyrion in SoS and the trial where Tyrion is accused of the purple wedding, then finding you know who in his bed and the truth about Tysha......(don't want to put a spoiler here) I think by the time the story gets to the scene where Tyrion gets his revenge the HBO audience will feel Tywin deserves what he gets. Once he gets to KL I am sure the true Tywin will be revealed. And Charles Dance will do a fabulous job as the true Tywin.
1853	Currawong	2012-05-02	Alas, it seems that HBO has decided that the Tywin role is too minor to nominate CD for a Best Supporting Actor Emmy.  I have to say he leaves all their current nominees for dead - I mean, I like Kit Harrington's performance, but no way is he an acting match for Charles Dance!  Maybe, if Kit works very hard, in another 40 years or so .....
1854	bikie	2012-05-02	it's almost disturbing to me that Dance is so good: I like Tywin way too much... somehow joffrey and cersei, both of whom I think are acted out extraordinarily well, are as dispicable in the show as the books... but I just can't hate tywin the way I did in the books, Dance is too freaking charismatic...
1855	Davos55	2012-05-02	Alas, it seems that HBO has decided that the Tywin role is too minor to nominate CD for a Best Supporting Actor Emmy.  I have to say he leaves all their current nominees for dead - I mean, I like Kit Harrington's performance, but no way is he an acting match for Charles Dance!  Maybe, if Kit works very hard, in another 40 years or so .....As far as I know, Dance could still nominate himself for best supporting actor.  Plus, next season and (hopefully) season 4, I believe he will be a true "supporting character" by HBO standards and they will nominate him.
1856	Currawong	2012-05-02	I hardly think CD is going to nominate himself, LOL.  But it would be nice to think he might get a nod in Season 3, as he really owns the part of Tywin.
1857	Davos55	2012-05-02	I hardly think CD is going to nominate himself, LOL.  But it would be nice to think he might get a nod in Season 3, as he really owns the part of Tywin.True, I was just saying that he does have that option.Yes, I would definitely agree that in Season 3 he will have a very good chance of getting nominated. His actions in Kings Landing are great, and seeing him interact with Cersei, Joffrey, Tyrion, and Jamie will be priceless.
1858	Fylimar	2012-05-02	I would be very glad, if they nominate him in the next season - he so deserves it
1859	lyvyathan	2012-05-03	I cannot wait for Twyin to give his twisted double-grandchild his comeuppance in seasons three and four.  Tywin will just proceed as though Joffrey isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even there. It will be a delight. Joffrey may try to push his mother around, but Lord Tywin will have none of that nonsense.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s time for the Mad Kinglet to be reminded that he is only a spoiled tyrant full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.Lord Tywin rules. Joff is going to have the ultimate bitch slap of the century when Tywin shows up in KL - that would be gold. Lannister Gold!!!!
1860	boojam	2012-05-03	Dance has been nothing short of brilliant in all his scenes, and last night's was perhaps the best. As for that scene and its "appropriateness" concerning his character, I think it's certainly something Tywin would do.  He had his suspicions (for one reason or another, anybody's guess) that Arya is a Northerner, so he siezed it as an opportunity to gauge the Northern commoner's viewpoint of Robb Stark.  And it worked.Tywin knows Arya is not a commoner, which is why he is so intrigued by her.
1861	boojam	2012-05-03	I'm very glad, that Charles Dance is so loved here - he is one of my alltime favorite actors, as I wrote in another thread, and most times, when I mention him to friends, I only get a 'Who?'.About him portraying a soft side on Tywin: We have a soft side of him in the books, too: the memories of his children and Kevan from his time with Joanna. Since the show cut that - and his interactions with his brother mostly, they have to show his more humane side in another way - and I don't think, they will make him a nice guy, just someone, who is so hooked up in doing his duty (what was always my impression of Tywin), that he forgets to be nice most of the time.And yay for Charles Dance - I hope, we will have him 'til the end of season 4 at leastDance has been nominated for scads of awards , but only once for an Emmy, he did win a Screen Actors Guild Award.He is an O.B.E tho.When I told my in-laws, who were not watching the show, that Dance was in it, started watching.
1862	Pellaeon	2012-05-03	Joff is going to have the ultimate bitch slap of the century when Tywin shows up in KL - that would be gold. Lannister Gold!!!! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1863	TyrionFan57	2012-05-04	The interaction I'm looking forward the most is Tywin and Joffrey.That will be really something!Also Brienne and Jamie..And Cersei and MargaeryCan't wait!
1864	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-30	In episode 205, Cersei slips up on her grammar when she says, â<U+0080><U+009C>To whomever did it I say well done!â<U+0080><U+009D>Obviously, that whomever needed to be whoever, since itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the subject of the clause â<U+0080><U+009C>whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.You would think that Cersei Lannister would have been brought up to speak proper English, but apparently not.  This way she just sounds pretentious and stupid at the same time.Then again, maybe that was the intent all along.  If so, I suspect itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a subtlety that escapes 99% of the viewers.  They should have had her use correct grammar there, not a blunder.
1865	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-05-01	Being that they aren't technically speaking English, but the Common Tongue, I don't see what the big deal is. 
	Spoiler From the small glimpses into Cersei's head when she was a child, it appears that she did and said what she wanted, especially after Joanna died. Therefore I can see her not caring to learn any more than she wanted to. It's also noted by Tyrion that Joffrey is pretty ignorant, and from what we can see, the apple didn't fall very far from the tree.

					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 01 May 2012 - 11:19 PM.
1866	victim	2012-05-01	Mayhaps, though I mislike people so intent on correct grammar and language.
1867	Hyper	2012-05-01	Who are you, Stannis? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1868	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-02	Who are you, Stannis? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Whom are you, Stannis?
1869	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-02	Whom are you, Stannis? /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
					
					
							Edited by Giscard Reventlov, 02 May 2012 - 04:06 AM.
1870	strifed169	2012-05-02	Did Tywin slip when he was telling his cousin to go piss off? he said something like "I'll send you your head"
1871	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-02	In episode 205, Cersei slips up on her grammar when she says, â<U+0080><U+009C>To whomever did it I say well done!â<U+0080><U+009D>Obviously, that whomever needed to be whoever, since itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the subject of the clause â<U+0080><U+009C>whoever did itâ<U+0080><U+009D>.You would think that Cersei Lannister would have been brought up to speak proper English, but apparently not.  This way she just sounds pretentious and stupid at the same time.Then again, maybe that was the intent all along.  If so, I suspect itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a subtlety that escapes 99% of the viewers.  They should have had her use correct grammar there, not a blunder.You'll notice she was swilling wine throughout that scene, so maybe her egregious lack of perfect grammar (oh, the embarrassment, indeed!)was caused by drunkenness.
1872	boojam	2012-05-02	Whom are you, Stannis?By the way Stannis does not say "your Red Woman" to Davos, he says the Red Woman.(I watched episode 4 again.)
1873	PrinceRhaegar	2012-05-02	http://desmond.image...png&res=landing
 /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
					
					
							Edited by PrinceRhaegar, 02 May 2012 - 09:59 AM.
1874	Ser Giant	2012-05-02	Possibly her being drunk or a script-slip, or maybe to make sure the audience knows who the smarter sybling is.
1875	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	They could make a hundred such mistakes in one scene, as a non-native English speaker I would not even notice. Mostly I have to struggle to understand what they are saying without taking much care to the grammar.
But I understand you, CrypticWeirwood, I mostly notice such small things too, that bother me although nobody else even notices.
1876	Milgod morghulis	2012-05-02	They could make a hundred such mistakes in one scene, as a non-native English speaker I would not even notice. Mostly I have to struggle to understand what they are saying without taking much care to the grammar.But I understand you, CrypticWeirwood, I mostly notice such small things too, that bother me although nobody else even notices.I would say 99% of of English people never (or very very very rarely) use the word whom, so don't worry about it.
1877	Jon Snows Ghost	2012-05-02	Who are you, Stannis? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />This really made me LOL
1878	WhiteWalder	2012-05-02	Why are you debating proper English, when they are speaking the common tongue?
1879	JonHo	2012-05-02	OH NO THE HORROR.
1880	Lord of Oop North	2012-05-02	Whomever said that all people everywhere always speak in a grammatically-fucking-correct fashion?
1881	iheartseverus	2012-05-02	Whom are you, Stannis? /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />   Pretentious people always like to throw a whom into the conversation, even when it's wrong.  Cersei's pretentious, that's all.
1882	Cardinal Sin	2012-05-02	I believe you will find that "to whomever" is in the dative and thus correct, The subject of the sentence is "I", and a clause can survive without a subject in the nominative in it. EG. "to whom it may concern (I address this)" - same structure.
1883	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-02	Whom are you, Stannis?Technically doesn't the word "to be" automatically put an "object" in the nominative case and it is who?
1884	iheartseverus	2012-05-02	This thread is shaping up to be hilarious--much more fun than discussing fewer rather than less fingers.
1885	Lightning Lord	2012-05-02	Since his fingers were only shortened and not removed....he doesn't have fewer fingers, he does have less fingers.
/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Lightning Lord, 02 May 2012 - 07:19 PM.
1886	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-02	Cersei gets him right back... Tyrion says some redundant line about how would like to know the kings plans and she does the same thing to him. Dont recall the exact line
1887	The Monkey	2012-05-02	Since his fingers were only shortened and not removed....he doesn't have fewer fingers, he does have less fingers. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Fewer fingernails.
1888	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-02	Whomever said that all people everywhere always speak in a grammatically-fucking-correct fashion?Clearly not you. Whoever should have been in the nominative case in the sentence of yours Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve quoted above, not in the oblique case that you yourself have just mistakenly used, since it is the subject of the verb said.Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a pop quiz. Fill in the blanks with  who or whoever if the relative pronoun needs to be in the subject case, but with either  whom or whomever when it must be in the object case. I give hints. ___ showed up first? He showed up first.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know ___ showed up first. Give it to ___ shows up first. He shows up first.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the girl ___ your wife likes best.Give it to ___ your wife likes best.___ is ready? He is ready.Give it to ___ is ready.Give it to ___ you think is ready. I think he is ready.Give to ___ you think your wife likes best. Your wife likes him best.Give to ___ you think your wife thinks is ready. Your wife thinks he is ready. He is ready.___ will win?  He will win.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ___ will win.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know ___ will win.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know ___ you mean.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know ___ you think will win.I know ___ wins. I know he wins.I know you like ___ wins the most. He wins the most.I know you like ___ your wife likes. Your wife likes him.Believe it or else, these are all correct:
	Spoiler Who showed up first? He showed up first.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know who showed up first. Give it to whoever shows up first. He shows up first.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the girl whom your wife likes best.Give it to whomever your wife likes best.Who is ready? He is ready.Give it to whoever is ready.Give it to whoever you think is ready. I think he is ready.Give to whomever you think your wife likes best. Your wife likes him best.Give to whoever you think your wife thinks is ready. Your wife thinks he is ready. He is ready.Who will win?  He will win.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s who will win.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know who will win.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know whom you mean.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know who you think will win.I know whoever wins. I know he wins.I know you like whoever wins the most. He wins the most.I know you like whomever your wife likes. Your wife likes him.
In all situations, the relative pronoun assumes the proper case it satisfies within its own dependent clause. This is just how English works.   Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s always the deep structure that counts, not surface proximity. The object of Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s preposition to is the entire clause whoever did it; it is not whoever alone. That would strand the clause without a subject.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ok to use whoever where whomever is called for; nobody will laugh at you. But to use whomever where whoever is called for as both you and Cersei have done is utterly ridiculous, and you will be justly ridiculed.  If you did not score 100% on the test questions above, NEVER try to use whom or whomever; just use who and whoever.  You might be technically wrong, but youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll never look like an idiot, so youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll never get laughed at for it.Cersei, though, Cersei I laugh at.  She doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s doing but she thinks she actually does. 
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 02 May 2012 - 08:22 PM.
1889	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-02	Cersei gets him right back... Tyrion says some redundant line about how would like to know the kings plans and she does the same thing to him. Dont recall the exact lineIt was actually Cersei complained about â<U+0080><U+009C>plots and schemesâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Tyrion quite accurately points out that plots and schemes are the same thing, which means sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just being redundant and prattling on inaccurately, per usual. Tyrion saw right through it.
1890	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-02	It's not really a pop quiz if you say the answers before /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I was looking forward to an actual quiz
1891	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-02	It's not really a pop quiz if you say the answers before /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I was looking forward to an actual quizEdited to fix! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1892	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-02	is this really a topic? /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
1893	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-02	is this really a topic? /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />Between Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s blunder of â<U+0080><U+009C>plots and schemesâ<U+0080><U+009D> that Tyrion caller her out on and Davosâ<U+0080><U+0099>s blunder of â<U+0080><U+009C>lessâ<U+0080><U+009D> that Stannis corrected with â<U+0080><U+009C>fewerâ<U+0080><U+009D>, yes, it seemed utterly appropriate to the episode.  Plus itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s yet another stupid Cersei screw-up.
1894	Lord of Oop North	2012-05-02	Clearly not you. Whoever should have been in the nominative case in the sentence of yours Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve quoted above, not in the oblique case that you yourself have just mistakenly used, since it is the subject of the verb said.Mistakenly? Hah. Don't be humourless /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Oop North, 02 May 2012 - 09:46 PM.
1895	iheartseverus	2012-05-02	Honest to god, this thread is hilarious!  Because its a combination of 'WTF, who cares', and prissy nominative case priss-priss, this and that.  Its like Ned Stark (get real) vs. Stannis Baratheon ( get proper).  Keep it going, peeps!
1896	WetHair	2012-05-02	At this point I'm ready to give my copy of Eats, Shoots & Leaves a fifth try.  Not that it will do any good.  Much good?
1897	Lightning Lord	2012-05-02	Fewer fingernails.Drat, thwarted by reality!  Kind of.  I mean, this is a fantasy show.  With made-up people speaking made-up languages.
1898	Pliny	2012-05-03	Since his fingers were only shortened and not removed....he doesn't have fewer fingers, he does have less fingers. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I chuckled. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />And if that little grammatical misstep caused so much discomfort, how did anybody make it through the novels? How many times did a character use "they," "them," or "their" when he or she should have used a singular pronoun? Oh, the horror.I guess I noticed that "whomever" sounded a bit off, but I was mainly noticing how beautiful Cersei's gown was. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1899	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-03	And if that little grammatical misstep caused so much discomfort, how did anybody make it through the novels? How many times did a character use "they," "them," or "their" when he or she should have used a singular pronoun? Oh, the horror.Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nothing whatsoever wrong with someone using that word when they need it. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s how itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been done since well before Shakespeareâ<U+0080><U+0099>s time, and ever since. This is yet another stupid myth.
1900	Pliny	2012-05-03	Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nothing whatsoever wrong with someone using that word when they need it. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s how itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been done since well before Shakespeareâ<U+0080><U+0099>s time, and ever since. This is yet another stupid myth.Hmmm... "Stupid" seems harsh, as its usage is debatable. It is not generally accepted in scholarly writing, even though it is quite common in speech and more casual kinds of writing. Maybe you couldn't tell that I was only bringing it up as a little joke. I'm sure you didn't intend to sound mean, right? It's difficult to tell in text. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />It reminds me a bit of the use by Americans of the phrase "I could care less," when other English-speakers more often say "I couldn't care less" (which makes sense). I'm American and I'm not sure where the "not" went for us. I noticed that Jaime Lannister used "our" version in the show. Oh well. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I saw you talked a bit about Cersei's grammatical misstep in another thread as well as in this one. I mentioned that it sounded a bit clumsy, but I didn't give it much thought. What I mean to say is, as it passed through my ears I thought, "ooh, 'whomever,' sounds off-I suppose it must be dative? As in 'to whomever did it: super great job.' I'm sure the writers know what they're doing. Wow, I wish I had Cersei's closet!" Anyway, what I mean to say is it was a good catch by you. Everybody can tell you are very educated, and that is something to be proud of. I'm sure you don't mean to, and that you are just proud of your grammatical skill, but you might tone down your rhetoric a bit, as it sounds, at times, as though you think those who don't understand right away are stupid. (I know that last sentence sounds a bit clumsy, but I really don't want to come off as too critical.)Have a nice evening!
1901	Dark Night Full of Ninjas	2012-05-03	So, one thing thats been bugging me is the absence of Sansa's meetings in the godswood with Dontos.
I know screen time and budet is limited, but I thought this was an important part of the book as it leads to her escaping from KL in SoS.
Thinking on it now, I believe I heard that SoS will be split into 2 seasons, so I guess they could start the meetings next season, if they aren't gonna happen in this season.
Do you think they'll cut the meetings out completely, and just have LF sneaking Sansa out after Joffrey dies? If so, why introduce Ser Dontos in the first place? Any ideas?
1902	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-03	I suppose they don't really need to develop that close a relationship between Sansa and Dontos in the show.
Perhaps in the immediate aftermath of the Purple Wedding where everybody is fleeing from the feast hall, Dontos (in motley) will pull her to the side and say "Sansa, you saved me once, let me help you now" or something.
1903	LifeRuiner	2012-05-03	There is no need to establish a long relationship. Sansa would probably trust the first person who promises to get her out of there - because she has not seen a friendly face for months.
Also, as these meetings had a drunk and rapey uncle vibe in the books, the show runners probably wouldn't want Ser Dontos to slobber over and grope the underage actress on the screen. Either way, I wouldn't count on this part of the books being shot true to canon.
					
					
							Edited by LifeRuiner, 03 May 2012 - 03:47 PM.
1904	Seekrit Targaryen	2012-05-03	Not enough time in the series for everything, and we needed to see Joffrey abusing whores. Something had to give.
					
					
							Edited by Seekrit Targaryen, 03 May 2012 - 04:19 PM.
1905	Carne	2012-05-03	Dontos will show up in a couple of more episodes, according to the actor.
They cut almost all of his screen time in episode 4.
1906	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-03	Why would they introduce him in the premiere and then forget about him? That's not how television works, if they show you a detail and linger on it like Dontos' drunk stumbling, it will have an effect later on. Plus it's an easy way to at least end one story line on a high note...
1907	Carl Drogo	2012-05-02	From reading the books I had always imagined the iron fleet to be made up of Viking-style open-decked longboats. I was quite surprised to see the Sea Bitch depicted as a regular galley of sorts.
I looked it up on AWOIAF, they have no description of the boats of the Ironmen, but show this image:
This would obviously support the longboat theory. Of course longboats make the most sense for raiders, because they can be beached.
Now did I just imagine this incorrectly, or were the ships actually described as longboats and they just changed it for the film? If so, why did they change it? I imagine the ship was CGI so they could just as well have done a longboat. For any "real" scenes a longboat would also have been much easier to construct. I don't get it.
1908	Dontos the Slim	2012-04-30	When they first introduced The Tickler, I thought, "Hey, that's pretty good casting, right there." He was as plain and non-descript as Martin had described him in the books. And I thought that he was different enough from many of the other cast members (short fair hair, no facial hair, etc.) that he could have made it through to next season and still be recognized.
But I guess that's out the window now.
I get that it would have been hard to build him up to be the monster he was in the books without A LOT of screen time, screen time that was too precious to waste for a payoff that wouldn't happen until Season 3 (or heck, even Season 4). But it's becoming more apparent that they really are keeping Arya's hands remarkably bloodless on the TV series (she has killed ONE person so far...basically by kind of accident).
Surely some other character will stand in for The Tickler in the Inn, right? That's such a critical character development scene for Arya. How can she go off to do what she does later with one minor, almost accidental death on her hands?
1909	boojam	2012-04-30	Surely some other character will stand in for The Tickler in the Inn, right? That's such a critical character development scene for Arya. How can she go off to do what she does later with one minor, almost accidental death on her hands?She made a more logical choice on the show than in the books... but , right, the tavern fight is crucial to the plot... well that does not happen until SoS.
1910	Dontos the Slim	2012-04-30	but , right, the tavern fight is crucial to the plot... well that does not happen until SoS.Right. And now that I am thinking clearly, it happens at the very end of the book. So we're talking about Season 4 on the show. I guess it wouldn't make a whole lot of sense to just spring The Tickler on viewers in 2014, seemingly out of nowhere.I sure do hope they keep that scene in, though. It's critically important.
1911	sarah.jenice	2012-04-30	I understand why they made the decision because for the tv only viewers, Arya's kill needed to be someone they recognized and wanted dead. However, I am kind of let down that they don't have her kill the Tickler like she does at the inn. That was a really bloody, gruesome death she dealt, and I think it was an important turning point for her.
She hasn't killed much yet, but I am certain they are going to stick to her journey of being a lethal killing machine like in the books. Arya is one of my favorite book and show characters. I loved the scene with her and Jaqen, but I did expect him to call her Arya. I can't wait to see how her story unfolds on the show.
1912	Fez	2012-04-30	I'm sure there'll be plenty of opportunities for her to kill people before getting on the ship for Braavos; but I have no doubt that the circumstances could be quite different. The situation in the Riverlands is already quite different from in the books and it will have to continue to be now.
We still don't even know if the Brave Companions are ever going to show up. If they do, maybe it'll be some of them she kills instead.
1913	Dontos the Slim	2012-04-30	I'm sure there'll be plenty of opportunities for her to kill people before getting on the ship for Braavos; but I have no doubt that the circumstances could be quite different. The situation in the Riverlands is already quite different from in the books and it will have to continue to be now.We still don't even know if the Brave Companions are ever going to show up. If they do, maybe it'll be some of them she kills instead.So true. There will be plenty of people around to kill. Heck, since the Inn scene happens after the RW, it could be someone associated with that (some random hedge knight bragging about being there, or something equally random).It's just that I'm a little disappointed because The Tickler was on her list (and I'm pretty sure he's in the TV prayer list as well, right?). So she got to actually cross that one off herself (the only one).Are there any others on the list that could stand in?
1914	R0b0 J	2012-04-30	Maybe she'll kill the hound in the tavern and make her get away then... I kinda get the feeling that we are never going to hear from him again and that the gravedigger is just an easter egg that we'd never see in the show anyway. Arya helps during the tavern battle. Afterwards, the hound is wounded and asks for help or whatever. BAM! He gets some needlework. Arya continues to the nearby port town; heck they might even put the tavern in the same seaside town (whatever it was called).
1915	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	She kills a guard to escape Harrenhal too.
1916	Bride of Winter	2012-04-30	I'm just mad because that scene was really important to her arc/downward spiral as a character. and knowing the writers' consistent habit of killing off characters who are important later it was probably a stupid accident too.
1917	Dontos the Slim	2012-04-30	She kills a guard to escape Harrenhal too.Right. Her first true murder. If we accept that the King's Landing killing wasn't truly murder (self defense/almost accidental), then that guard is her first true murder. So I have to assume that's going to be in the show.But they've already omitted her battle kill (or was it kills?) while with Yoren. To me, it would have been smart to include that to show that she's at least willing to fight for her life, and kill, when needed. But omitting that is fine, I think, since the way that scene played out was fine.If she escapes from Harrenhal with no blood on her hands, though, then we'll know that the TV show is significantly changing her character.
1918	Versiroth	2012-04-30	When they first introduced The Tickler, I thought, "Hey, that's pretty good casting, right there." He was as plain and non-descript as Martin had described him in the books. And I thought that he was different enough from many of the other cast members (short fair hair, no facial hair, etc.) that he could have made it through to next season and still be recognized.But I guess that's out the window now.I get that it would have been hard to build him up to be the monster he was in the books without A LOT of screen time, screen time that was too precious to waste for a payoff that wouldn't happen until Season 3 (or heck, even Season 4). But it's becoming more apparent that they really are keeping Arya's hands remarkably bloodless on the TV series (she has killed ONE person so far...basically by kind of accident).Surely some other character will stand in for The Tickler in the Inn, right? That's such a critical character development scene for Arya. How can she go off to do what she does later with one minor, almost accidental death on her hands?I don't think the person she kills at the end is as important as it happening.  At that point, they could make it just about anyone.  Heck, they could create a character for something like that.  It's not going to matter to much as long as the scene itself is in place.
1919	nachoknight	2012-04-30	Polliver took Needle from her and killed Lommy with it. I think that is more memorable than the scenes The Tickler had.
Right now I'm predicting that she and The Hound will find Polliver and a random man of Gregors at the inn and she will kill Polliver and take back Needle.
					
					
							Edited by nachoknight, 30 April 2012 - 05:05 PM.
1920	Tadco26	2012-04-30	Polliver took Needle from her and killed Lommy with it. I think that is more memorable than the scenes The Tickler had.Right now I'm predicting that she and the hound will find Polliver and a random man of Gregors at the inn and she will kill Polliver and take back Needle.That's kind of what I am thinking.  I guess we shall see who her kills are with Jaqen and that will give us a good clue.  Did Arya even mention the tickler on her list?  A bit odd if her first kill wasn't even on it.
1921	Francis Buck	2012-04-30	Polliver took Needle from her and killed Lommy with it. I think that is more memorable than the scenes The Tickler had.Right now I'm predicting that she and the hound will find Polliver and a random man of Gregors at the inn and she will kill Polliver and take back Needle.^ This.
1922	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-04-30	Right now I'm predicting that she and the hound will find Polliver and a random man of Gregors at the inn and she will kill Polliver and take back Needle.I think it's more probable that Polliver will be Arya's/ Jaqen's second victim and she will take back the Needle in this season, way earlier than the books.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 30 April 2012 - 05:03 PM.
1923	aimlessgun	2012-04-30	Polliver is pretty much the only hope for the inn scene at this point, maybe he leaves Harrenhall and she has other people to name. But yeah, the really big problem is finding another person that makes sense to name, since obviously Tywin and Gregor are out.
And I'm definitely not looking forward to the endless discussion about how dumb Arya is for not naming Joffrey etc that will inevitably break out amongs non-readers when her wishes are used up /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 30 April 2012 - 05:59 PM.
1924	Anvilbreaker	2012-04-30	the Inn seen was my favorite in the book, and now it will be ruined, since arya won't be spouting her cool line. This is the worst possible thing that could happen
1925	Arkash	2012-04-30	Yeah, I'm sad the Tickler went out. I loved the actor: his voice, his acting, his accent... well... guess Polliver will be next, but wouldnt bet on that...And I'm definitely not looking forward to the endless discussion about how dumb Arya is for not naming Joffrey etc that will inevitably break out amongs non-readers when her wishes are used upThe Unsullied at TwoP are gonna go batshit crazy for sure !the Inn seen was my favorite in the book, and now it will be ruined, since arya won't be spouting her cool line. This is the worst possible thing that could happenI agree, one hell of a scene that will loose of its power... I guess we will end up with two brand new Lannister men in the inn, in the end...
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 30 April 2012 - 07:39 PM.
1926	moonsblood	2012-04-30	whats next? no weasel soup? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1927	Arkash	2012-04-30	Well, cant say for Weasel soup, but quite sure her third wish will be as in the books, but guess it will turn out differently in the end: no Weasel soup, more brutal actions, bloody killings by Jaqen, Rorge and Biter...
1928	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-04-30	I think it's more probable that Polliver will be Arya's/ Jaqen's second victim and she will take back the Needle in this season, way earlier than the books.  Agreed.  Arya could take back needle and kill Polliver to escape Harrenhal, instead of just killing a random guard.  Weasel soup will stay.  I know at some point I read an interview with Masie Williams and she said she was looking forward to that scene.
1929	Laohu	2012-04-30	One negative effect to abbreviating Arya's storyline, which I am in support of by the way, is that there are not as many antagonists currently at Harrenhal who she would conceivably choose to be targeted by Jaqen. Granted, there were not too many in the books either, as I recall, and she even regretted at least one of those decisions after the fact. As with many things we have witnessed as the show continues, the butterfly effect is going to wreck havoc to the story as book readers know it.
1930	SerRodzilla	2012-05-01	How hard would it have been, for a short scene of Arya getting drinks from the kitchen and hearing Chyswyck crudley describing raping people in a village, then next scene cut to her telling Jaqen?
1931	boojam	2012-05-01	Agreed.  Arya could take back needle and kill Polliver to escape Harrenhal, instead of just killing a random guard.  Weasel soup will stay.  I know at some point I read an interview with Masie Williams and she said she was looking forward to that scene.I think Weasel Soup will be in episode 10, and it's very important since it changes the relationship between Jaqen and Arya even more.I gonna guess the title of the episode Valar Morghulis comes from the last conversation Jaqen has with her.No I don't think Arya , or I at least hope not, get needle back till the tavern battle in SoS.That one is somewhat important since it changes the Hound and Arya's relationship, one of Geroge's nice bittersweet touches.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 02 May 2012 - 09:05 AM.
1932	Patchface12	2012-05-01	Actually, Chyswyck would be the perfect Tickler stand in, i.e. their places are switched in the series. We've already met Polliver, who was hiding behind a helm and can easily be recast by a more prominent actor. If Chyswyck is at the inn, maybe he and Polliver will be messing around with the innkeep's daughter, just like Chyswyck's story. However, the attempted rape would stop once Sandor and Arya came in, kind of like when Alex and Billy Boy's gangs fought at the beginning of 'A Clockwork Orange.'
So Arya kills Chyswyck instead of the Tickler. No biggie, really.
1933	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-01	I finished ASOS and loved the scene at the inn. I'd assume they'll substitute someone for the Tickler, but can't imagine who at this point. I hope they keep it in at least, that'd really suck if they cut it.
1934	SerRodzilla	2012-05-02	Actually, Chyswyck would be the perfect Tickler stand in, i.e. their places are switched in the series. We've already met Polliver, who was hiding behind a helm and can easily be recast by a more prominent actor. If Chyswyck is at the inn, maybe he and Polliver will be messing around with the innkeep's daughter.So Arya kills Chyswyck instead of the Tickler. No biggie, really.I agree it could be done, but the epicness of that scene was that Arya flips and starts asking the Tickler the questions he would ask, while inflicting multiple stab wounds.Maybe for TV purposes it just wouldnt work, If we assume the inn scene takes place late season 4, and given that the producers feel the need to rename characters i.e Cleos Frey & Asha Greyjoy expecting people to recall what happened two seasons ago might be a bit too far back for people to remember.
1935	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-02	Agreed.  Arya could take back needle and kill Polliver to escape Harrenhal, instead of just killing a random guard.The problem I have with this is the killing of the guard in the books was all the more poignent because it was a northern soldier she killed. Someone who's job it was to fight for her brother. I think she reflects on this in her thoughts after. If it's just another Lannister guard or someone who the audience think deserve it the scene is not going to feel as important. Arya won't feel as guilty and it wont feel like the murder it was
1936	boojam	2012-05-02	It was never clear to me how Biter, Rorge, and Jaqen got mixed into Ser Amory's men in the book, but never mind.
Still in episode 5 the other two walking with Jaqen did not look like Biter and Rorge, I think?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 02 May 2012 - 09:06 AM.
1937	boojam	2012-05-02	Polliver took Needle from her and killed Lommy with it. I think that is more memorable than the scenes The Tickler had.Right now I'm predicting that she and The Hound will find Polliver and a random man of Gregors at the inn and she will kill Polliver and take back Needle.I think that true. If she picked Polliver now, she would have to hid Needle , she would not carry it around Harrenhal openly.By the by does the guy in episode 5 look like the same 'Polliver' as in  episode 4?
1938	Eejit	2012-05-02	She made a more logical choice on the show than in the books... but , right, the tavern fight is crucial to the plot... well that does not happen until SoS.I doubt logic will come into it still. Unless she does name Tywin next /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1939	boojam	2012-05-02	I doubt logic will come into it still. Unless she does name Tywin next /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />O that would spoil one Tryion's best scenes in all the books, that won't happen.By the by as I remember Jaqen tells Arya he can take out anybody she names , but, if they are not on hand , like Joffrey , it might take some time, like years, I don't think she cares for that.
1940	TheWanderer	2012-04-30	So, Jaqen says "The Red God must have his due" when referring to the deaths. I can't recall what he said in the books but he (as a Faceless Man) should be referring to the Many-Faced God. Does this mean that they've cut that god, and what's that going to change when Arya gets to Braavos?
1941	Raven King	2012-05-01	So, Jaqen says "The Red God must have his due" when referring to the deaths. I can't recall what he said in the books but he (as a Faceless Man) should be referring to the Many-Faced God. Does this mean that they've cut that god, and what's that going to change when Arya gets to Braavos? I'm pretty sure that the Faceless Men recognize all gods as real, and he says that the Red God is owed three lives because Jaqen, Rorge and Biter would have died by fire, the Red God's element.
1942	Reposado	2012-05-01	So, Jaqen says "The Red God must have his due" when referring to the deaths. I can't recall what he said in the books but he (as a Faceless Man) should be referring to the Many-Faced God. Does this mean that they've cut that god, and what's that going to change when Arya gets to Braavos?he does say this in the book, verbatim.
1943	WolveseatDragons	2012-04-30	I had a real fear with Ramsay and the Reeds being cut this season that the House of the Undying would fall victim as well.  It is by far the most important thing that happens to Dany imo in this season but it is likely expensive and difficult to film as well as being loaded with flashbacks and prophecies which the show has avoided so far.  I am looking forward to that episode more than any other this season.
1944	The Crannogman	2012-04-30	Same here, but I am really curious how they are going to pull it off. I was also wondering if they are going to show all of the flash backs and foreshadowing that Dany experiences, or if they are just going to send her right to the undying and bypass all of the other rooms. We will see I guess. If they do it right, it will be amazing to see this on screen.
1945	The Unborn	2012-04-30	I expect nothing from the house of the undying. I fear it might get severly cut, so if we get something cool out of it I will be pleasantly surprised instead of disappointed /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1946	Fez	2012-04-30	Others have said it better then I, but if its filmed literally its going to look like a David Lynch film and quite possibly turn off a lot of people. I think we'll be seeing some camera tricks to get around actually showing any of the stuff described in the book.
1947	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	Pree's immediate and forthright invitation to the HoU makes it clear to me that D&D consider this to be an important part of Dany's quest, and in fact the pivotal stop for this season.
I have put more thought into how this scene can be adapted for TV, than perhaps any other in the series.  Honestly, as much as I love the sequence in the book, I can't imagine a way to pull off most of the major content without the entire thing coming across as terribly confusing or at the very least cheesy.  That kind of stuff has worked on a certain level for a few TV shows in the past (Sisko's interactions with the Prophets in DS9 being the best example I can think of at the moment), but it wouldn't quite fit the tone this series has established thus far.  Hopefully D&D have some good ideas that can convey the general feel and concept of the HoU across without quite making it a literal translation, similar to what they've done with Bran's dreams.  I think the Warlocks' table and Drogon's roasting of the Heart will remain, as it's a great opportunity for a breakout dragon action sequence.  Though how they'll convey the significance of the event for Dany to the viewer is anyone's guess.  Maybe the Warlocks themselves will talk of the PTWP, the dragon having three heads, etc?
1948	sarah.jenice	2012-04-30	I was very excited to hear it, too. This is such an important part of Dany's story and so many of our theories are based on that sequence that I have been dying to see what they include in the show.
I can see them maybe skipping directly to the audience with the Undying, but I think the RW foreshadowing and the Rhaegar scene should be included. I've been looking at the episode names, but can't really decide which one it may appear in.
1949	Lord Varys	2012-04-30	If they had intended to cut the House of the Undying, they would have cut Qarth altogether. The House of the Undying is the main (and one might say only important) plot point in the whole Qarth plot, so I would have been really surprised if they had included Qarth but cut the House of the Undying.
About the visions:
They could cut Aerys and Rossart, and even corpse-king Robb, but they have to include in my opinion the following scenes:
1. Rhaegar, Elia, and Aegon - the stuff about the promised prince and the Song of Ice and Fire (I'm confident about that, since Melisandre already mentioned the 'place of smoke and salt').
2. The blue winter rose growing at the Wall (or a similar hint pointing towards Jon Snow)
3. The King without a shadow (Stannis) and the cloth dragon on pole (Aegon) as false saviors.
4. The Mother-thing and other hints about Dany's future (the fires, the treasons, and the mounts) should at least be mentioned by the Undying if it's not shown directly, since this might become important. The same about 'the stone beast breathing shadow fire'.
1950	FantA´me	2012-04-30	I don't have much hope for this scene. If they do show the visions it's not going to make any sense for the non-readers. For exemple, since we didn't get any of ned's reminiscences about lyanna (the "promise-me"s, the tower of joy , the blue roses)  the elements hinting to R+L=J would be totally useless. As for the Rhaegar&Elia scene, I don't think they could make the identities of the characters as obvious or as interesting for the viewers as it was for us (except by using their names maybe) . And the show's name is not asoiaf so it probably wouldn't make a great impact to mention it . I do think they'll keep the "three,three,three" stuff (at least the treasons) but I won't get my hopes up for the rest.
1951	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-30	1. Rhaegar, Elia, and Aegon - the stuff about the promised prince and the Song of Ice and Fire (I'm confident about that, since Melisandre already mentioned the 'place of smoke and salt').2. The blue winter rose growing at the Wall (or a similar hint pointing towards Jon Snow)if they showed this all nerds would rewind and play about a hundred times in a row
1952	Arkash	2012-04-30	The blue winter rose is such a vivid and powerful image, really emotional, I hope we got it !
1953	nightwisp	2012-04-30	I hope the House of the Undying is not cut totally out. This is one of the most interesting parts of the book. I think the prophecies would be a mystery to nonreaders but if done correctly I think even nonreaders would find this scene intriguing Sure, not every detail can be presented, but  I think the prophecies still can be done, even if only briefly.
1954	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-01	Didn't Pyat Pree's and Xaro Xoan Dhaxos description of the House sound different than in the book. More "natural" in the way that it's just warlocks studying books, taking drugs and trying magic. The way Xaro was speaking down to them didn't ring right the way he does in the books...
From, a story arc perspective, I'd guess the house will be the climax for Dany this season. Act 1: Exposition in the Gardens (Pyat's invitation, Xaro's proposal, Quaithe's warning and the Spice King as the most powerful man last episode, Act 2: First catastrophe - next episode something happens, maybe the Dothraki will "rebel" or create tension with the Spice King so that he demands something of Dany or Xaro, Act 3: Proposed solution, Act 4: Total Catastrophe and Solution - plan goes wrong, Dany has to go to the House of the Undying as a last resort.  Act 5:  aftermath - getting kicked out of Qarth, Arstan saving her or something.
This way, the House is perfectly suited for an episode ender, I'd guess we haven't heard Dracarys for nothing this episode. But the prophecies will take second place to the needed solution for the plot. If the sequence is too long, it gets boring, if the Undying just speak, it gets boring, if Dany has too walk, it might take up too much airtime. So I'd guess they'd do something with the drug she has to take and those images flowing past her, make her murmur to what she sees and make the images blurry or not realistic, maybe they are shadows whirling on the wall, blue things speaking to her. The whole set up with "always take the door to the right" is not necessary for the house of the undying, what is that she  is on her way to the Undying, she has obstacles and during those, she sees some prophecies and some things of the past...
1955	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-01	Didn't Pyat Pree's and Xaro Xoan Dhaxos description of the House sound different than in the book. More "natural" in the way that it's just warlocks studying books, taking drugs and trying magic. The way Xaro was speaking down to them didn't ring right the way he does in the books...Show-Xaro is a different character than in the book, so it makes sense he'd offer a different view on the House.  It seemed to me that he was trying to downplay the House and the Warlocks in general, with more than a bit of scorn.  Probably trying to sate Dany's curiosity about the place by making it seem mundane and foolish.
1956	Arkash	2012-05-01	Same here! And wasnt it the same in the books ? Xaro trying to convince Dany not to go to the HotuH by telling her how useless it is... ? And then bam... best Dany scene of the book !
1957	LifeRuiner	2012-05-01	It is possibly my favorite chapter in all books. I don't mind the writers taking liberties with it as long it is done well.
1958	Elfangle	2012-05-01	I think they will just stick with the 3 heads of the dragon thing and the wolf dinner. All the rest will not be clear to viewers that never read the book (Rhaegar, Elia and Aegon) since i can't really remember any information about them during the shows. The blue rose might be in it as a reference to Jon (or Mance for the believers) but it has to be explained rather quickly because otherwise people will simply forget about it since it is not as strong as the prophecy of the tree heads and the fate of the young wolf.
The difficult thing will be to make it seem so other worldly like it is in the books. The problem with that is that attention will be drawn away from the actual important things. In the books, you can read them again and again and decide your own speed. And even then it was a pretty hard read for me (just because of the freakiness of it all). It might be hard for people to during the show to distinguish between the important things and all the craziness happening on the screen.
1959	Arkash	2012-05-01	I'm wondering if D&D are reading us to see our expectations... would be fun if one day they'd aknowledge reading us here...
1960	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-01	I want to see the Red Wedding metaphor, the winter roses growing and Rhaegar. If they show the Cloth Dragon, wow, that would surpass my expectations.
1961	WolveseatDragons	2012-05-01	There is actually one other major event in Quarth, Dany meets Selmy and he saves her from the Sorrowful Man.  They will need to age the dragons a bit before she goes in to the HoTU because no one would believe that little dragon would burn it down after last week.  My guess is that Dany becomes somewhat de-emphasized the next few weeks and is skipped at least once or twice in the shows with the HoTU as the finale and previous episodes having her meet Selmy and develop some relationship with Xaro.  That would give her time to realize that everyone wants to use her for her dragons and she can trust no one while letting the dragons get a little bigger.
As for the HoTU itself I think is ok if it is confusing to the viewers to an extent.  They have thrown around more and more magic and I don't think the HoTU is as out there as the "shadow baby".  Part of the allure of the HoTU is a big "WTF?" the first time you read it.  People go back to re-read it just as they will go back to re-watch it, most folks have the ability to rewind.  It also gives the show an opportunity to play catch up on some things they have glossed over and from a structural perspective it really doesn't matter how it looks in the HoTU as much as the feeling of daze and confusion combined with prophecy.  If done right it will really engage the viewers by getting them to want to know what will happen next because of the hints that occur there.  They could also make some things more obvious visually and in terms of the spoken word to make it less confusing.  For instance having Ella say "Rhaegar" in that scene would help and having the Undying speak slowly and clearly what the prophecies are will help.  Having something like this will also encourage more folks to re-watch the previous episodes, buy the DVD's, and read the novels.
Mainly though, this just excites me that they will have some more prophecies going forward which made the books so interesting.  All you have to do is look at the forums here and see those are the enduring topics of interest and part of what makes the books so compelling.  I am hopeful that the rumors that they did some filming last year showing Robert's Rebellion scenes that were "cut" was simply about thinking forward to future seasons when they can show flashbacks with actors that have long since been killed off in the show.  Of course that is my optimism speaking.
1962	Lord Varys	2012-05-01	Well, I don't really expect to see the blue rose, but if they wanted, they could show us the symbols along with glimpses of the faces of the people they stand for (i.e. blue rose/Jon, shadow king Stannis, cloth dragon/Aegon, and so on).
They already introduced the whole Mel prophecy stuff, it's time that the audience is going to get a hint that the true savior Mel is looking for is not Stannis but Daenerys.
And if the House of the Undying is going to establish the first hint that Jon Snow might be Dany's nephew I'll not complain at all (although there is only the very subtle winter rose hint in the book). After all, this would be the best opportunity to do so. And hinting at the fact that Daenerys still has to face a lot of trials and that her claim is going to be challenged by other pretenders/false saviors will also establish her as one of the main characters of the show.
1963	WinterWarrior	2012-05-01	If they had intended to cut the House of the Undying, they would have cut Qarth altogether. The House of the Undying is the main (and one might say only important) plot point in the whole Qarth plot, so I would have been really surprised if they had included Qarth but cut the House of the Undying.About the visions:They could cut Aerys and Rossart, and even corpse-king Robb, but they have to include in my opinion the following scenes:1. Rhaegar, Elia, and Aegon - the stuff about the promised prince and the Song of Ice and Fire (I'm confident about that, since Melisandre already mentioned the 'place of smoke and salt').2. The blue winter rose growing at the Wall (or a similar hint pointing towards Jon Snow)3. The King without a shadow (Stannis) and the cloth dragon on pole (Aegon) as false saviors.4. The Mother-thing and other hints about Dany's future (the fires, the treasons, and the mounts) should at least be mentioned by the Undying if it's not shown directly, since this might become important. The same about 'the stone beast breathing shadow fire'.I agree with Lord Varys. These are critical visions to show with the HoTU. And the dragons do need to get bigger before she goes there. But the HoTU and Selmy are the two important events/happenings in Qarth. Xaro is important but not as important as HoTU and Selmy.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 01 May 2012 - 01:22 PM.
1964	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-01	None of the visions will be shown, just like Bran's 3-eye crow dream.  It's too hard to pull off visually.
At best we'll get a chant of the 3 fires/mounts/betrayals prophecy, if we're lucky.
1965	WolveseatDragons	2012-05-01	They could actually take out the visions entirely and simply have them described while talking to the Undying as well.  Simply before they start talking about the 3's they could simply describe the other prophecies.  That would accomplish everything without really making a critical turn from the book.  It doesn't really matter that Dany has to turn right every time or go up or even that she actually sees everything herself, just that she understands the prophecies.  They could even add in her commenting as they are being described, "I see a house with a red door."  "That is the house that my brother and I grew up in." etc. and then when they describe things she doesn't understand they could just leave her confused and questioning which is the whole point.  As the show continued on later they could have Dany referring back to the prophecies in conversation when she thinks she understands a new part o them as well.  
I really don't think there is much need for a special effects bonanza, it actually would detract from the story.
1966	Derfel Cadarn	2012-05-01	I didn't expect Pyat Pree to be Scottish... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1967	GreenAppleFossoway	2012-04-30	Okay, I can distinguish between the book and the show. I know they are different. But they are completely ripping up the Greyjoy/Ironborn storyline. I mean, Dagmer being some nobody, the Iron-Islander thing (wtf?) and did anyone see Theon's SHIP? That thing was a friggen' merchant cog. That was not a Longship for a Reaver. Not to mention Ahsa/Yara getting that tick in the corner of her mouth, like everytime she thinks something is amusing she is trying to hold in a fart. I honestly thought that Theon would stab that sailer right in the throat when he started back-talking him. That's your HEIR APPARENT you are talking to you stupid fat fuck!
So I guess what they are doing is making Theon a likeable character and sympethetic and stuff? Okay, I guess that's cool since it will take three years to bring about his actual redemption, but you could have thought this through before you made him try to rape Osha in season 1.
Also Rodrik Cassel taking 200 men to break the siege of Torrhen's Square? Good luck bro.
1968	Pliny	2012-05-01	In the books, Asha didn't seem petty and mean, but in the show - to me, anyway- she comes off that way. 
And those boats don't seem practical for raiders. Flat-bottomed boats such as those the Vikings used seem much more logical. And I remember  that they were called "longships" in the novels but, to my embarrassment as a professor who teaches World Civ, and thus talks about Vikings each semester, I always pictured them as big ol' pirate ships. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
1969	My Little Kraken	2012-05-01	They did a whole lot to garner some sympathy for Theon in episode 3 and that one also brought home the concept of Ironborn really nicely.  They don't want to undo the good they created with that episode.
I didn't like the scene with the fat sailor either.  He just didn't work for me because he was trying too hard.  It actually would have been pretty cool if Theon had killed him and got some trinket via the Iron Price.
					
					
							Edited by My Little Kraken, 01 May 2012 - 03:20 PM.
1970	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-01	I do agree, the ship seemed wrong for the time and the Ironborn look a bit like caricatures.Dagmer however is clearly playing a different character from the book that only has the name in common. I do have a crackpot theory on that in the Ramsay thread,We will not see too much of them in the next episodes though, only Theon, Black Lorren (I guess that's the "fat" sailor) and Dagmer. Asha/Yara will stop by quickly to talk down to Theon, but that's it then /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1971	Ran	2012-04-25	A thread for discussing the next episode, "The Ghost of Harrenhal", before it airs this weekend. Spoilers from the novels or TV show permitted.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM5aNNXzoAU
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 25 April 2012 - 07:51 AM.
1972	Craven Mummer	2012-04-25	I'm hoping for an explanation of the Brotherhood this episode. I'm sure the non readers have forgotten about Dondarrion and his charge.
(null)
1973	The GreatRon	2012-04-25	Another pointless sex scene that takes 10 minutes outta the episode LEFT OUT would be appreciated.
1974	Ser Steele	2012-04-25	Another pointless sex scene that takes 10 minutes outta the episode LEFT OUT would be appreciated. +1I can't wait for that Shadow to wreak some havoc.
1975	Gronzag	2012-04-25	I think Tywin is going to be nice towards Arya and explain to her that he doesn't hate northerners, and that is why she wont have him killed
1976	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-25	There will be blood.
Can't help but wonder how much they will change at Harrenhal. If Arya is cupbearer to Tywin she won't be kicked around by the kitchen staff, right? Perhaps the first two she will ask to be murdered will be the Tickler and Polliver?
1977	Lord Barristan	2012-04-25	I'm hoping for an explanation of the Brotherhood this episode. I'm sure the non readers have forgotten about Dondarrion and his charge.(null)Why did they say the brotherhood instead of Lord Beric?
1978	WITCHKING	2012-04-25	Where's the goat?
1979	Flayed Starkman	2012-04-25	Didn't the Brotherhood form when Robert and Ned were killed?
1980	_Oberyn_	2012-04-25	Why did they say the brotherhood instead of Lord Beric?Brotherhood Without Banners but its only mentioned for the firs time in book 3 of 4, the Tickler asks for Beric by name.
1981	Lady Lilac	2012-04-25	I hope they'll explain more about the Brotherhood this episode. My non-reader roommate was really confused about that part and I'm guessing she can't be the only one.
Something seems different about Harrenhall. I wonder if they'll change the three names?
And I'm curious when we'll get to see the Goat.
Why's Jaquen talking in first person at the beginning?
					
					
							Edited by Lady Lilac, 25 April 2012 - 09:33 AM.
1982	iheartseverus	2012-04-25	Why's Jaquen talking in first person at the beginning?I know, right?  /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />   A man should speak as a man was written to speak.  Fans loved it.  This girl loved it.  It is known.
1983	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-25	Torrhen's Square is under attack! Surely at some point they are going to introduce wildfire and explain what it is and the significance of it? Another "The Iron throne is mine" speech from Dany to be expected. 
Would Tywin really not know who Arya is, I mean, obviously he's probably not seen her before, can he not tell she's more highborn than the other's she was with? He noticed straight away that she was a girl, I just wonder if he would have an inkling of who she was? Or does he still think Cersei has her at K?
1984	7V3N	2012-04-25	Torrhen's Square is under attack! Surely at some point they are going to introduce wildfire and explain what it is and the significance of it? Another "The Iron throne is mine" speech from Dany to be expected.Would Tywin really not know who Arya is, I mean, obviously he's probably not seen her before, can he not tell she's more highborn than the other's she was with? He noticed straight away that she was a girl, I just wonder if he would have an inkling of who she was? Or does he still think Cersei has her at K?Her speech would probably give her away if he has her talking a lot. Differences like m'lord and my lord can give away one's social status.But the show will probably overlook that so they can get some good dialogue. Tywin probably thinks Cersei has her. I think most of the people forgot about Arya since she wasn't at the tournies and in the courtroom like Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 25 April 2012 - 10:08 AM.
1985	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-25	Where's the goat?Not cast this season.  I'm guessing we'll see him next year though.  Surely they won't pass up the opportunity to bring to life one of the best lines from the books...â<U+0080><U+009C>The Kingthlayer ith not for the bear. He ith mine.â<U+0080><U+009D>
1986	The Monkey	2012-04-25	Is it just me, or does miss Targaryen's eye brows change colour between scenes?
1987	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-25	http://i.imgur.com/6fwqR.jpgBoss. Pyat Pree looks great.
1988	iheartseverus	2012-04-25	Not cast this season.  I'm guessing we'll see him next year though.  Surely they won't pass up the opportunity to bring to life one of the best lines from the books...â<U+0080><U+009C>The Kingthlayer ith not for the bear. He ith mine.â<U+0080><U+009D>annnnnnd...You thlew my bear!  Yup, we gotta have the Goat!
1989	sennahoj	2012-04-25	I guess it is time for Tyrion to see to the defences of King's Landing. So an introduction of wildfire is in order, hopefully mentioning the fact that the magic seems to be working better of late (thanks to the dragons). What's equally important is Tyrion ordering the chain from the smiths.
1990	The Frostfangs	2012-04-25	Please show us the dragons this episode. And more of bran and summer.
To be fair.. Dany doesnt do much till storm of swords so im not fussed with having her out of episodes.
1991	Carne	2012-04-25	I wonder who the dead person they gather around is. Probably not Chiswyck as he hasn't been introduced. Needs to be someone we already dislike.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 25 April 2012 - 10:59 AM.
1992	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-25	http://i.imgur.com/6fwqR.jpgBoss. Pyat Pree looks great.What is the source on that still image?   /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />  I don't remember that from the trailer!
1993	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-25	I'm really hoping for a few things here in this episode. First and foremost is some Jaquen scenes and bloody murders in Harrenhall. I do agree that we will end up seeing three different names than what's in the book. I also expect we will get a taste of Tyrion and Wildfire and the my personal favorite, shadow assinations!
We all know where the Flower Knight ends up up after Renly's visit so I do wonder if maybe we shall see some HBo explanation of him leaving. Also we should expect to see Lady Stark and Briene make for the Tully lands.
Man things are really going to start ramping up, I'm excited knowing what's in store!
1994	Ran	2012-04-25	The image is HBO.com's official still for the episode.
1995	7V3N	2012-04-25	Please show us the dragons this episode. And more of bran and summer.To be fair.. Dany doesnt do much till storm of swords so im not fussed with having her out of episodes.FINALLY SOMEONE AGREES! I suggested she should have been cut from the first 2-3 episodes entirely, then have her start in Qarth and have Jorah recount the Red Wastes in the narrative-style they always have him do. This would mean a better intro to Dragonstone and non-readers would actually have an idea who Davos, Mel, and Stannis are.
1996	sennahoj	2012-04-25	Please show us the dragons this episode. And more of bran and summer.To be fair.. Dany doesnt do much till storm of swords so im not fussed with having her out of episodes.To be fair, she doesn't do much after Storm of Swords either, so I wonder how that'll play out in future seasons (fingers crossed).But yes, I want the dragons too, possibly at a further stage of their development. I don't know which size they're supposed to have in Qarth, but as far as I remember they have grown a bit.
1997	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-25	The image is HBO.com's official still for the episode.Ah, superb!  Thanks.
1998	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-25	To be fair, she doesn't do much after Storm of Swords either, so I wonder how that'll play out in future seasons (fingers crossed).But yes, I want the dragons too, possibly at a further stage of their development. I don't know which size they're supposed to have in Qarth, but as far as I remember they have grown a bit.Enough for Drogon and her to destroy the House of the Undying. Man, I can't wait to see that either. That whole trip for her is going to make one spectacularly trippy and spooky scene.
1999	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-25	So I assume Renly is going to die in the first scene of this episode? Or are they cutting that out and just having the aftermath /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
2000	Linus Chan	2012-04-25	Why is Jaquen talking about the "RED" god at all? This will likely confuse him as a worshiper of the of the Lord of Light.. rather than as a Faceless man. 
					
					
							Edited by Linus Chan, 25 April 2012 - 11:32 AM.
2001	sennahoj	2012-04-25	maybe it is meant in a way that Jaqen, Rorge and Biter would have been burned to death without Arya's help, so therefore the lives were stolen from the Red God, the god of fire etc.
I wouldn't say it makes Jaqen into a R'hllor-worshipper. I'd argue that coming from the Free Cities, where the cult of the Lord of Light is pretty strong, Jaqen reckons each god is due his tribute. Hence snatching the three from the flames, the Red God was robbed, and to make things even, three others must die. Yeah, they might conflate some aspects of the faith of the FM with that of R'hllor, but it would be too confusing to introduce several new religions in one season. This makes it simpler and still leaves time for fleshing out the God of Death etc. once Arya reaches Braavos.
2002	The  Halfhand	2012-04-25	The episode is going to end with the Stark banners being raised over Harrenhal. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
2003	Carne	2012-04-25	The episode is going to end with the Stark banners being raised over Harrenhal. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />It is?
2004	Linus Chan	2012-04-25	That doesn't seem to make sense, Jaqen doesn't care about tribute to the other gods.  The only god that needs to be served by him is Death and he is not Red.
2005	Aegnor	2012-04-25	That doesn't seem to make sense, Jaqen doesn't care about tribute to the other gods.  The only god that needs to be served by him is Death and he is not Red.The line in question is directly lifted from the book..."The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the names, and a man will do the rest." - aCoK pg 421
2006	sennahoj	2012-04-25	That doesn't seem to make sense, Jaqen doesn't care about tribute to the other gods.  The only god that needs to be served by him is Death and he is not Red.For bookreaders it might not make that much sense to make this change, but for non-bookreaders it simplifies things. Plus, if the Starks can pray to old gods and new, why shouldn't Jaqen honour two in this instance?Edit:Thanks to Aegnor for looking that up.
					
					
							Edited by sennahoj, 25 April 2012 - 12:02 PM.
2007	WinterWarrior	2012-04-25	I am looking forward to seeing Roy Dotrice as Hallyne. So the sooner the wildfire is introduced the better. My first round of "reading" the books was via his audiobooks and I adore Dotrice. The second round I read them because I wanted to pick up on all of the subtle story lines I missed.
I am hoping all three of Arya's names for Jaqen will be in this episode, but it looks like Weese is not one of them. I think they will take Polliver and the Tickler and cut out the scene with Arya and The Hound at the Inn in Book 3. Please, give us more of the Hound, he has not interacted with Sansa as much as he should by now.....
And please, please no more time wasted on unnecessary sex scenes - there is too much good stuff we want to see that will be cut due to lack of time!
2008	WinterWarrior	2012-04-25	Oh, and Arya should get Needle back this episode too. I hope. She was eyeing the sword at the end of the last episode.
2009	_Oberyn_	2012-04-25	That doesn't seem to make sense, Jaqen doesn't care about tribute to the other gods.  The only god that needs to be served by him is Death and he is not Red.Its not a change. The lives are owed to the red god because the 3 men were going to burn. The Faceless men honor all gods because they are all diferent faces of their god.
2010	Lady Olenna	2012-04-25	Well, really they could show clips of Tywins people abusing Arya or Gendry/Hot pie that would give motive to want them dead. They don't really need to go into it in that much detail. What's important is the weasel soup and her eventual escape. No one but us loving fans will probably care who weese, chiswyck or polluter are. That's just MHO.  
Really looking forward to the wildfire/Dotrice and Pyat Pree. I have a feeling we will see the interactions between Robb and Jeyne. 
Can't wait to see Cat and Brienne see the shadow and later some more airtime for Jaime. Oh and I almost forgot Theon. There will be a host of talk after the sack of Winterfell for those who don't know what's coming.
2011	sennahoj	2012-04-25	Was anybody feeling that despite last episode's title "Garden of Bones", the content didn't live up to it, meaning there wasn't a lot of Dany and that "Garden of Bones" outside Qarth is only once mentinoed? So what if "The Ghost of Harrenhal" actually only features one death?
2012	DebMc	2012-04-25	After being somewhat disappointed in Eps 1-3, I was finally pleased by this episode (exceptions - Arya being "outed" as a girl so quickly and the introduction of the girl who will cost Robb his kingdom in a way so dramatically different from the book - but these were small annoyances).
2013	Morrigan	2012-04-25	I think Tywin is going to be nice towards Arya and explain to her that he doesn't hate northerners, and that is why she wont have him killedThat, or because he saved Gendry from torture. I doubt Tywin will be "nice". Polite, maybe, but cold and distant. A kind and caring Tywin just doesn't work.Can't help but wonder how much they will change at Harrenhal. If Arya is cupbearer to Tywin she won't be kicked around by the kitchen staff, right? Perhaps the first two she will ask to be murdered will be the Tickler and Polliver?That's what I thought. She can't be abused by the likes of Weese and Chiswyk if she's Tywin's cupbearer. So I'm betting this season the Tickler and Polliver will die and she'll get Needle back earlier. Though it will remove from the pay-off of her getting back after so long at the end of ASoS...Why is Jaquen talking about the "RED" god at all? This will likely confuse him as a worshiper of the of the Lord of Light.. rather than as a Faceless man. It's from the book. I love when people bitch about lines that are actually straight from the book... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 25 April 2012 - 12:57 PM.
2014	Aegnor	2012-04-25	On a different topic, I was wondering, prior to Sunday's episode, why Tyrion would be delivering his 'I will make you pay for this...your joy will turn to ashes' line that we've seen in S2 trailers, since the whole Alayaya plotline went away. I speculated that Cercei would find out about Shae and do something to her (beat her or kill her). I'm not so certain anymore. What if he wasn't talking to Cercei? What if he was talking to Joffrey, and is in reaction to the events of this past episode (with the prostitutes). It would totally fit, and would fulfill all requirements that the scene fulfilled in the book (mainly giving Tyrion a motive for the PW).
There is one problem I see with it though. Threatening the King is something completely different than threatening Cercei. I think threatening the King in such a manner would be problematic for his position. I'm not sure that it wouldn't be considered treason.
In the S2 trailer that I'm referring to, they flashed from Tyrion giving that line, to Cercei smiling smugly. That seems to indicate that the line was delivered to Cercei, but that isn't necessarily true. We should see if I am right, about the direction they are going to take, in this upcoming episode, as Tyrion will almost assuredly find out about Joffrey's handiwork in this episode.
2015	Aegnor	2012-04-25	exceptions - Arya being "outed" as a girl so quicklyArya was outed as a girl earlier in the book. She was outed on the trek to Harrenhall.
2016	Linus Chan	2012-04-25	The line in question is directly lifted from the book..."The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the names, and a man will do the rest." - aCoK pg 421My apologies... i missed that line.
2017	Jory	2012-04-25	Maybe this time they won't end with seven minutes left on their timeslot
2018	Lady Olenna	2012-04-25	I didn't even notice that the last episode was 7 minutes short.aybe because of the premiere of Veep? I hope they make this episode 7 min longer.
2019	7V3N	2012-04-25	To be fair, she doesn't do much after Storm of Swords either, so I wonder how that'll play out in future seasons (fingers crossed).But yes, I want the dragons too, possibly at a further stage of their development. I don't know which size they're supposed to have in Qarth, but as far as I remember they have grown a bit.IIRC, they are the size of a small dog (Drogon being bigger than the others) so maybe around 50-60 pounds?Why is Jaquen talking about the "RED" god at all? This will likely confuse him as a worshiper of the of the Lord of Light.. rather than as a Faceless man. That doesn't seem to make sense, Jaqen doesn't care about tribute to the other gods.  The only god that needs to be served by him is Death and he is not Red.That is from the book. It is because they were going to die by fire. The Red God is just another face of the Many-Faced God.
2020	The Second Hand	2012-04-25	I'm hoping for fluidity. Make the characters make sense within the context of the story you're adapting. Hopefully less cheese with the Robb romance.
2021	The Crannogman	2012-04-25	Hot weasel soup! ......Please
2022	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-25	Jaquen and the Faceless men worships He of Many Faces, they kind of believe that all the gods are just different faces of the same god.  So they don't deny the truth of any other religion.  So it's not unusual for him to pay respect to the Red God.
Also, Littlefinger will broker the deal with Margaery to marry Joff in this episode, after Renly's death. That is why the writers put him there and gave them that conversation last week in which she says "the King is my husband".
2023	Aegnor	2012-04-25	It wasn't exactly 7 mins short. The running time isn't set at 60 minutes.  Last season episode times varied from 53 mins to 63 mins (only the first episode was 60+ mins) for an average of 56.5 mins. So the episode's running time of 53 minutes was about 3.5 minutes shorter than the average from last year.  There were two episodes that were 53 minutes last year (6 &amp; 10).
However, it is true that so far episodes are shorter this year than last. Episode 12 was only 51 minutes long. I wonder if they aren't shortening these episodes because the 9th episode is going to be extra long.
					
					
							Edited by Aegnor, 25 April 2012 - 02:02 PM.
2024	Carne	2012-04-25	It wasn't exactly 7 mins short. The running time isn't set at 60 minutes.  Last season episode times varied from 53 mins to 63 mins (only the first episode was 60+ mins) for an average of 56.5 mins. So the episode's running time of 53 minutes was about 3.5 minutes shorter than the average from last year.  There were two episodes that were 53 minutes last year (6 &amp; 10).However, it is true that so far episodes are shorter this year than last. Episode 12 was only 51 minutes long. I wonder if they aren't shortening these episodes because the 9th episode is going to be extra long.I actually think HBO orders them to cut down the episodes so they can fit in more commercials. I talked to the actor playing Dontos Hollard, and he said they cut all his moments from episode 4. He's even there in the throne room, wearing a funny costume, but with no lines and barely any screen time (blink and you'll miss him).It was the same with HBO's "The Pacific". Each episode was around 50 minutes (average being 52 min), while "Band of Brothers" (made by the same people) had several episodes running over 60 minutes (average being 59 min).So I sadly believe they do this due to commercials. HBO see how well season 1 did and probably thought "There's more money to be made out of this, folks!".
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 25 April 2012 - 02:16 PM.
2025	Lannes	2012-04-25	annnnnnd...You thlew my bear! Yup, we gotta have the Goat!Not cast this season.  I'm guessing we'll see him next year though.  Surely they won't pass up the opportunity to bring to life one of the best lines from the books...â<U+0080><U+009C>The Kingthlayer ith not for the bear. He ith mine.â<U+0080><U+009D>Unfortunately, I would bet a modest wager that if we do get the Goat at some point, his trademarked slobbery lisp will not be included....
2026	Ran	2012-04-25	HBO doesn't have commercials, as such. And the season is only about 10 minutes shorter compared to last season. It's just that the longest episodes are in the back half.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 25 April 2012 - 03:24 PM.
2027	So1ar	2012-04-25	I actually think HBO orders them to cut down the episodes so they can fit in more commercials. I talked to the actor playing Dontos Hollard, and he said they cut all his moments from episode 4. He's even there in the throne room, wearing a funny costume, but with no lines and barely any screen time (blink and you'll miss him).ah ha! i saw some character wearing some weird mountain man costume and i couldn't for the life of me figure out who he was.
2028	iheartseverus	2012-04-25	HBO doesn't have commercials, as such. And the season is only about 10 minutes hotter compared to last season. It's just that the longest prisoners are in the back half.Ran, uhhhh.. what?
2029	Ran	2012-04-25	Err, damn you autocorrect? Was using the iPad for that post!
hotter = shorter
prisoners = episodes
Jeebus.
2030	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-04-25	I think the introduction to the "Dontos Plot" will be in ep. 5, as an aftermath of the beating.
2031	Carne	2012-04-25	Err, damn you autocorrect? Was using the iPad for that post!hotter = shorterprisoners = episodesJeebus.Haha, I was thinking "What does that metaphor mean?"
2032	iheartseverus	2012-04-25	Haha, I was thinking "What does that metaphor mean?"heh, heh, and I was wondering about 'the longest prisoners in the back half...'  Hmmm, who're the longest prisoners?  Back half of what, exactly?  Too funny...
2033	Davos55	2012-04-25	I am pumped for Qorin Halfhand and The Fist of the First Men! Arya scenes are going to be great as usual. I am curious to see what they are going to do with Dany's storyline up until the House of the Undying.
They better not cut out Weasel soup!! (later in the season)
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 25 April 2012 - 04:22 PM.
2034	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-25	I am pumped for Qorin Halfhand and The Fist of the First Men! Arya scenes are going to be great as usual. I am curious to see what they are going to do with Dany's storyline up until the House of the Undying.They better not cut out Weasel soup!! (later in the season)From what I've gathered, I think Dany's storyline will be something like this:
	Spoiler Episode #5 - showing off the dragons, meeting Quaithe/Pyat Pree, interacting with Xaro.Episode #6 - they might show the scene that was only mentioned in the books, where she bribes the merchants and is rejected.Episode #7 - the Undying.Episode #10 - there's a picture of her wearing a plain dress with her hair braided, which I assume is in this episode, so I imagine this is her departure from Qarth.
2035	Morrigan	2012-04-25	Err, damn you autocorrect? Was using the iPad for that post!hotter = shorterprisoners = episodesJeebus.HAHAHA that totally made my day. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> You should submit that to damnyouautocorrect.com, lol.
2036	Maginor	2012-04-25	Strictly speaking, the Dontos plot doesn't have to be introduced properly before the third season.
2037	7V3N	2012-04-25	HBO doesn't have commercials, as such. And the season is only about 10 minutes shorter compared to last season. It's just that the longest episodes are in the back half.What about all the montage-style commercials for all of their shows? And they usually have commercials for something coming soon. I saw the GoT and Veep trailers between Eastbound & Down and Life's Too Short.
2038	KnightsOfDany	2012-04-25	So does Renly's death the clifhanger ending?
2039	Khal-a-bunga	2012-04-25	HBO is most definitely not cutting the episodes short to allow for "commercials". With HBO, for the most part, they aren't interested in syndication. It lessens their brand, and for a premium cable company that's not a good thing. The Wire, The Sopranos, and Sex & the City are the only three modern shows they've produced exclusively that were put into syndication. The first two were edited so poorly as to be incomprehensible and Sex & the City didn't really need to be edited down as much as they did so it wasn't really a problem.
Your friend who plays Dontos probably got his scenes cut because they weren't fitting in with everything else going on. No need to make a conspiracy out of it. And let's be real; it's not like D&D would ever tell one of the minor actors about their editing decisions, let alone justify them by blaming HBO for making them cut the episodes down to fit for commercials. If Game of Thrones were ever syndicated on non-premium cable, they wouldn't need to cut the episodes down because whole sequences would need to be cut out for content.
Anyway, here are the run times for the rest of the episodes of the season. They must be planning on having the finale be an hour and a half gig on regular cable, which is the only possible way to explain the run time of over 60 minutes.
Ep 05: 57 min.
Ep 06: 54 min.
Ep 07: 56 min.
Ep 08: 57 min.
Ep 09: 57 min.
Ep 10: 64 min.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 25 April 2012 - 06:02 PM.
2040	Aegnor	2012-04-25	HBO is most definitely not cutting the episodes short to allow for "commercials". With HBO, for the most part, they aren't interested in syndication. It lessens their brand, and for a premium cable company that's not a good thing. The Wire, The Sopranos, and Sex & the City are the only three modern shows they've produced exclusively that were put into syndication. The first two were edited so poorly as to be incomprehensible and Sex & the City didn't really need to be edited down as much as they did so it wasn't really a problem.Your friend who plays Dontos probably got his scenes cut because they weren't fitting in with everything else going on. No need to make a conspiracy out of it. And let's be real; it's not like D&D would ever tell one of the minor actors about their editing decisions, let alone justify them by blaming HBO for making them cut the episodes down to fit for commercials. If Game of Thrones were ever syndicated on non-premium cable, they wouldn't need to cut the episodes down because whole sequences would need to be cut out for content.Anyway, here are the run times for the rest of the episodes of the season. They must be planning on having the finale be an hour and a half gig on regular cable, which is the only possible way to explain the run time of over 60 minutes.Ep 05: 57 min.Ep 06: 54 min.Ep 07: 56 min.Ep 08: 57 min.Ep 09: 57 min.Ep 10: 64 min.Wow, where'd you find those run times? Don't suppose you have episode 13? I couldn't find that episode's run time. Anyway, the average run time for this season looks to be around a minute shorter than last season. Not a big deal.
2041	Carne	2012-04-25	Episode 13 is 53 minutes long.
Khal-a-bunga, your times are a bit off. According to HBO.com, episode 15 is 55 min and episode 18 is 54.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 25 April 2012 - 07:12 PM.
2042	boojam	2012-04-25	32 seconds again, HBO got something against , say, 1 min. for the particular previews.
(I know they do longer stuff, still, wiz wiz!)
Anyway.
Well finally Jaqen H'ghar , full camera angle, Tom Wlaschiha looks great. (I remember him talking about the trouble they had the wig looking ridiculous until they subdued it more and more, looks great to me.)
That strange accent is a nice added touch.
(Tho ,as in the novel, the R'hllor Faceless Men connection, just does not seem to compute, to me.)
2043	Rookie_Rider	2012-04-25	Enough for Drogon and her to destroy the House of the Undying. Man, I can't wait to see that either. That whole trip for her is going to make one spectacularly trippy and spooky scene.The dragons are one of those elements that  you do not want the TV audience to get desensitive on.  So you would not want them to be on screen too often.   Having them on screen should be a treat that people look forward to.  It's still early in the story.Dany's big moment is the House of the Undying.  Which is probably the second biggest event in ACOK, next to the battle for the Blackwater.  As long as the show gets that right, as long as the show is able to communicate the gravity of that event, I will be happy.  She's a big-moment type of character in the books anyway.  Lots of the most important moments in the story involve her, such as the birth of the dragons in GoT.  It's not necessary to have her on screen too much.  Leave the screen filling to the secondary characters like Sansa, Bran, Stannis, etc.  Dany and Jon should be saved for the big moments.
					
					
							Edited by Rookie_Rider, 25 April 2012 - 07:24 PM.
2044	boojam	2012-04-25	The line in question is directly lifted from the book..."The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the names, and a man will do the rest." - aCoK pg 421That exactly right. But in the light of what we find out about the Faceless Men later, it makes not a lick of sense.I think George got to riffing and never noticed.
2045	boojam	2012-04-25	Why's Jaquen talking in first person at the beginning?Opps he did say 'I', gack, Benioff and Weiss wrote that episode , someone send them a message that could still be dubbed in correctly.In the novel it is:"The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the name , and a man will do the rest."
2046	boojam	2012-04-25	Please show us the dragons this episode.Yeah what's the deal, surely all that extra 15% didn't go for Blackwater?D&D stringing us along?
2047	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-25	The dragons are one of those elements that  you do not want the TV audience to get desensitive on.  So you would not want them to be on screen too often.   Having them on screen should be a treat that people look forward to.  It's still early in the story.Dany's big moment is the House of the Undying.  Which is probably the second biggest event in ACOK, next to the battle for the Blackwater.  As long as the show gets that right, as long as the show is able to communicate the gravity of that event, I will be happy.  She's a big-moment type of character in the books anyway.  Lots of the most important moments in the story involve her, such as the birth of the dragons in GoT.  It's not necessary to have her on screen too much.  Leave the screen filling to the secondary characters like Sansa, Bran, Stannis, etc.  Dany and Jon should be saved for the big moments.Oh I agree 100% here. I'm not one to clamor for dragons nor direwolves every episode, getting to see them is what makes them so special. That said the prospect of the scene does excite me. As you stated it is one of the most important scenes in the book next to Blackwater and I would argue Jon's turn from the Nights Watch. So I can only hope scenes like that are done well and their parts of the story honored with great screen writing and acting. Again its about to get really crazy for the rest of the season and I'm so excited for it!
2048	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-25	Yeah what's the deal, surely all that extra 15% didn't go for Blackwater?It quite possibly did. Remember they spent an entire month shooting that single episode.Curious that they have such a long denouement in Episode Tenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>Valar Morghulisâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
2049	iheartseverus	2012-04-25	Opps he did say 'I', gack, Benioff and Weiss wrote that episode , someone send them a message that could still be dubbed in correctly.In the novel it is:He also said 'you' in talking to Ayra.  I?  You?  Ja'qen, my love,   Wake up!  A man speaks in third-person.  That is why this girl loves a man, that is why 26 bajillion ASOIF fans love ... a man.   Because a man speaks in third-person.  If a man loses that, a man becomes just another throw-away, only with goofy hair.   This girl is distraught that a man is being forced to speak like everybody else.  HBO?  D&D?  What are you thinking?   A girl grieves.  It is known.
2050	iheartseverus	2012-04-25	It quite possibly did. Remember they spent an entire month shooting that single episode.I saw an interview with someone involved in 'Blackwater' (duh, can't remember who it was...) who said they filmed from 5pm one evening until something like 6am the next morning, so Blackwater is going to be all night-time stuff.  I'm predicting lotsa fireworks, explosions, but all in the dark.  Lotsa screaming, people being thrown overboard, but overall confusion as to specific details.  Alas, personally, I tend to lose interest in those kinds of things.  I mean, you can leave the room, go get a glass of lemonade, look out the window and see what the weather's doing, all the while listening to the screaming and shouts going on in Blackwater, because even sitting right in front of it, you can't see what's actually going on.  Not being a downer here, but just hearing that the whole thing was a night shoot... well, been there, done that.  Hope it turns out better than I fear.
2051	bloocanary	2012-04-25	That exactly right. But in the light of what we find out about the Faceless Men later, it makes not a lick of sense.I think George got to riffing and never noticed.But the Faceless Men worship the Many-Faced God under which all the gods of death are one. R'hllor, as the only god of the Red Priests' religion, is therefore god of both life and death, and death by fire would be considered his domain. I imagine that had Arya saved them from a flood, Jaqen would be taking lives to repay the Drowned God instead.ETA: My mistake, the Red Priests' god of death is The Great Other, not R'hllor. However, as the Great Other is the god of ice and R'hllor's the god of fire, I'd assume that's why Jaqen considers him the "collector" of lives taken by flame.
					
					
							Edited by bloocanary, 25 April 2012 - 09:13 PM.
2052	iheartseverus	2012-04-25	But the Faceless Men worship the Many-Faced God under which all the gods of death are one. In the House of Black and White, there are statues of all the gods that rule over death, including the Stranger of the Seven Westerosi gods. R'hllor, as the only god of the Red Priests' religion, is therefore god of both life and death, and death by fire would be considered his domain to a Faceless Man. I imagine that had Arya saved them from a flood, Jaqen would be taking lives to repay the Drowned God instead.Good point.  Good point!
2053	bloocanary	2012-04-25	I just rewatched the preview (I was too !!!! over Mr. Faceless Sexyface to notice much when it originally aired) and WOW, it really is off-puttting to hear Jaqen use first person pronouns. I'm assuming that his manner of speaking didn't translate well to real life and might've made things hard for the audience to follow. I hope at the very least he uses it here and there, because one of the things that really stood out for me when he changed faces was that his manner of speech changed as well.
And the hair looks awesome. Yay!
2054	boojam	2012-04-25	But the Faceless Men worship the Many-Faced God under which all the gods of death are one. R'hllor, as the only god of the Red Priests' religion, is therefore god of both life and death, and death by fire would be considered his domain. I imagine that had Arya saved them from a flood, Jaqen would be taking lives to repay the Drowned God instead.ETA: My mistake, the Red Priests' god of death is The Great Other, not R'hllor. However, as the Great Other is the god of ice and R'hllor's the god of fire, I'd assume that's why Jaqen considers him the "collector" of lives taken by flame.I never got the impression that the FM every singled out one god out of the Many Faced God, or at least George never made it clear. At least as we find out during Arya's stay with them in Braavos.
2055	A<U+0089>tA©	2012-04-25	Seems a bit early for weasel soup. I reckon Jaqen will make his offer in this episode, but the actual murders will come later, after she's had a few scenes with Tywin. The FM deaths will get plenty of screentime to set things up for Arya's adventures in Essos. I saw an interview with someone involved in 'Blackwater' (duh, can't remember who it was...) who said they filmed from 5pm one evening until something like 6am the next morning, so Blackwater is going to be all night-time stuff.  I'm predicting lotsa fireworks, explosions, but all in the dark.  Lotsa screaming, people being thrown overboard, but overall confusion as to specific details.  Alas, personally, I tend to lose interest in those kinds of things.  I mean, you can leave the room, go get a glass of lemonade, look out the window and see what the weather's doing, all the while listening to the screaming and shouts going on in Blackwater, because even sitting right in front of it, you can't see what's actually going on.  Not being a downer here, but just hearing that the whole thing was a night shoot... well, been there, done that.  Hope it turns out better than I fear.Everyone pictures it differently but I'm pretty sure it's written as a night battle in the books? It's certainly dark enough that Stannis' captains miss the boom chain. The battle itself is illuminated by red flames and green wildfire in my mind's eye; it's part of what makes it so dramatic (but yes, chaotic). To judge from the previews, it'll only be following Tyrion and a bit of the Hound into combat. And possibly Davos. Unbelievably excited.
2056	Lady Olenna	2012-04-25	I saw an interview with someone involved in 'Blackwater' (duh, can't remember who it was...) who said they filmed from 5pm one evening until something like 6am the next morning, so Blackwater is going to be all night-time stuff.  I'm predicting lotsa fireworks, explosions, but all in the dark.  Lotsa screaming, people being thrown overboard, but overall confusion as to specific details.  Alas, personally, I tend to lose interest in those kinds of things.  I mean, you can leave the room, go get a glass of lemonade, look out the window and see what the weather's doing, all the while listening to the screaming and shouts going on in Blackwater, because even sitting right in front of it, you can't see what's actually going on.  Not being a downer here, but just hearing that the whole thing was a night shoot... well, been there, done that.  Hope it turns out better than I fear./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I literally adjusted all the brightness/color options on my tv because so many of the great scenes are so dark I can't see anything. I originally watched last weeks episode in the bedroom and had no idea Greywind made an appearance until I watched on the large screen. I really hope Blackwater isn't the same way.
2057	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-26	You know what I'm really dreading in this episode? The scene where Rodrik Cassel tells Bran that Torrhen's Square is under attack. It's just too horrible. The Starks were doomed the moment Ned rode south, but to actually see that doom come to Winterfell will be almost too painful to watch. It feels like lead in my stomach.This is probably the last Peaceful Winterfell episode we're going to see until the very end of the series.
2058	Samalander	2012-04-26	Perhaps the first two she will ask to be murdered will be the Tickler and Polliver? /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Boss. Pyat Pree looks great.But they made him one of the Thirteen?To be fair.. Dany doesnt do much till storm of swords so im not fussed with having her out of episodes.I wonder which visions they will keep from the House of Undying?I have a feeling we will see the interactions between Robb and Jeyne.No Jeyne for us /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  Just spunky healer girl...P.SFrom next episode preview...Davos is to blame for loss on Blackwater (No Mel=loss to fire)? Really?
2059	TheEvilKing	2012-04-26	Anyone else concerned this ep might be trying to pack too much in? We know it includes the stories at King's Landing, Renly's camp, Qarth, Harrenhal, Winterfell, the Stoney Shore and beyond the Wall. The only story thread (probably but not confirmed) missing is Robb.
This episode is going to be very fast paced, zipping around everywhere, and I think it may suffer for it. The better episodes this season have been the ones that allow more time for slower storytelling.
2060	boojam	2012-04-26	It quite possibly did. Remember they spent an entire month shooting that single episode.Curious that they have such a long denouement in Episode Tenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>Valar Morghulisâ<U+0080><U+009D>.Last year a ton of architectural CGI was done for Winterfell , KL, the Wall some for the Eyrie and The Twins (actually for as little time as The Twins was on screen it looked better than the Eyrie).There was some CG 'multiplier' stuff for the  Dothraki Khal and the Lannister camp.Now they have had to create Pyke, Dragonstone and Qarth. We have only really seen mostly interiors at Pyke and Dragonstone, no street scenes in either of those places. Dubrovnik looks as if it needs little CGI amplification , tho some must be there. Harrenhal has so far looked good, but entrance and front courtyard of the place looks a little more cramped than in my minds eye.(By the by , and it seems right, all the plebeians sure don't know about the dragons of old, only the high born seem to have the knowledge, Arya knowing about the fate of Harrenhal.)So I don't know what fraction of each episode's budget goes to CGI, but we will be half way through this season next week and we have only seen Drogon , very briefly, once. Beginning to wonder if we will every see all three together for some while, maybe episode 5.By the by we are now past the first 5 episodes (we have seen some future episode clips) but finally some new stuff is starting to appear.
2061	Arkash	2012-04-26	I saw an interview with someone involved in 'Blackwater' (duh, can't remember who it was...) who said they filmed from 5pm one evening until something like 6am the next morning, so Blackwater is going to be all night-time stuff. I'm predicting lotsa fireworks, explosions, but all in the dark. Lotsa screaming, people being thrown overboard, but overall confusion as to specific details. Alas, personally, I tend to lose interest in those kinds of things. I mean, you can leave the room, go get a glass of lemonade, look out the window and see what the weather's doing, all the while listening to the screaming and shouts going on in Blackwater, because even sitting right in front of it, you can't see what's actually going on. Not being a downer here, but just hearing that the whole thing was a night shoot... well, been there, done that. Hope it turns out better than I fear.I agree, I must be one of the really few who dont feel excited by episode 9... I get tired of too long battles and action in movies / TV shows... so, I'm gonna watch it, it's essential to the plot, but it's a necessary pain in the ass for me...Edit: Oh, missed you were talking for the night aspect of it...No, for me, it's long battles in general... I consider them so boring, except when really really well done (Kingdom of Heaven, Black Hawk Down... and Ridley Scott in general)... so, hope I wont be bored...As for this episode, we are sure to have the storyarcs of: Catelyn, Davos, Bran, Arya, Daenerys, Jon... and strongly possible: Theon.But my guess, and it's a wild guess, is that we wont have any King's Landing this episode: so, no Tyrion, no Sansa... but I may be damn wrong.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 26 April 2012 - 05:39 AM.
2062	boojam	2012-04-26	Anyone else concerned this ep might be trying to pack too much in? We know it includes the stories at King's Landing, Renly's camp, Qarth, Harrenhal, Winterfell, the Stoney Shore and beyond the Wall. The only story thread (probably but not confirmed) missing is Robb.This episode is going to be very fast paced, zipping around everywhere, and I think it may suffer for it. The better episodes this season have been the ones that allow more time for slower storytelling.So far , roughly speaking , they have covered the first 30 chapters of CoK in 4 episodes, have 40 more chapters to go, depending on what they may have borrowed from SoS. They have almost 7 chapters to cover in the next 6 episodes.Problem is some of those are long chapters , but a lot can be condensed. In the book it seemed Arya spends the rest of her time at Harrenhal and escapes her last pov chapter, I think that is going to shortened.Jon's story seems to go on forever in CoK and spills over into SoS , I really don't know how they are going to handle that.Except for some initial excitement Bran's story almost comes to a stop, but Bran and Theon's story are interlaced, so I don't know how they are going to handle that.If episode 9 is almost all Blackwater, then there are really only four episodes left to just get in CoK stuff.If they do it Dany's House of the Undying sequence should  , we shall see, eat up a large part of one episode, I hope they don't chop that one down too much. Lord they have to introduce Arstan and Belwas.Hope they don't carry on the Barristan Selmy ruse as long as George did, I guess Ian McElhinney is still under contract?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 26 April 2012 - 05:47 AM.
2063	Bronn = Legend	2012-04-26	Putting wildfire aside for the moment, I'm a bit concerned that Tyrion hasnt placed an order for his chain with the KL smithies yet.
At this rate Davos will be up the Blackwater and relaxing on the Sept of Baelors steps before its even out of the forge.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn = Legend, 26 April 2012 - 06:45 AM.
2064	Myrddin	2012-04-26	I love when people bitch about lines that are actually straight from the book... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I agree.On a different note, is anyone else pissed that they keep changing Hodor's dialog? I almost threw my slice of honeydew melon at the TV when they changed Hodor's wit AGAIN. It's written so perfectly in the novel. So clear. So elegant. So un-needing editing or revision by hack television writers.Sigh.
2065	WinterWarrior	2012-04-26	I am re-reading COK along with watching season 2 and at this point Sansa's note regarding escape and her meeting in the Godswood to plan her escape with Dontos should be coming up soon. Or maybe they will just have that next year and not drag it out so long. That would make sense. I think that is dragged out too long in CoK and into SoS. It could happen much faster in the series and still make sense. So maybe that will be part of season three. But since they have already introduced Dontos this season they may need to keep that story line warm and we will see it this season. Time will tell.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 26 April 2012 - 07:48 AM.
2066	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-26	On a different topic, I was wondering, prior to Sunday's episode, why Tyrion would be delivering his 'I will make you pay for this...your joy will turn to ashes' line that we've seen in S2 trailers, since the whole Alayaya plotline went away. I speculated that Cercei would find out about Shae and do something to her (beat her or kill her). I'm not so certain anymore. What if he wasn't talking to Cercei? What if he was talking to Joffrey, and is in reaction to the events of this past episode (with the prostitutes). It would totally fit, and would fulfill all requirements that the scene fulfilled in the book (mainly giving Tyrion a motive for the PW).There is one problem I see with it though. Threatening the King is something completely different than threatening Cercei. I think threatening the King in such a manner would be problematic for his position. I'm not sure that it wouldn't be considered treason.In the S2 trailer that I'm referring to, they flashed from Tyrion giving that line, to Cercei smiling smugly. That seems to indicate that the line was delivered to Cercei, but that isn't necessarily true. We should see if I am right, about the direction they are going to take, in this upcoming episode, as Tyrion will almost assuredly find out about Joffrey's handiwork in this episode.It seems like the writers want to condense the Alayaya arc into the consequences of the two prostitutes scene.  I really dislike this idea, because the show seems to want to strip everything Cersi does in the book and give it to Joffrey.  I wonder if they are going to move Tommen out of KL now? The scene between Cersi & Tyrion had an important threat where Tyrion promised to reciprocate anything done to Alayaya with Tommen, including beatings and rapes.  It showed Tyrion could be just as ruthless in the game of thrones as Cersi and preyed upon her love  for her children.  I thought this scene was why she felt she needed to have Tyrion killed during the battle of Blackwater.
2067	tearloch	2012-04-26	Torrhen's Square is under attack! Surely at some point they are going to introduce wildfire and explain what it is and the significance of it? Another "The Iron throne is mine" speech from Dany to be expected. Would Tywin really not know who Arya is, I mean, obviously he's probably not seen her before, can he not tell she's more highborn than the other's she was with? He noticed straight away that she was a girl, I just wonder if he would have an inkling of who she was? Or does he still think Cersei has her at K?That is exactly what I was thinking.  Does he know that Cersei doesn't have Arya?  That could be the only explanation.  Tywin instantly recognized her as a girl.  If Tywin is a sharp as he think, then we will quickly recognize her as highborne (remember Roose's monologue with Theon about the pronunciation of "My Lord"?  So Tywin finds a highborne girl hiding out, heading north, at the same time a highborne northern girl is missing?  The only explanation is that Tywin doesn't know that she is missing.  Daddy is gonna be pissed when he finds out!
2068	tearloch	2012-04-26	After being somewhat disappointed in Eps 1-3, I was finally pleased by this episode (exceptions - Arya being "outed" as a girl so quickly and the introduction of the girl who will cost Robb his kingdom in a way so dramatically different from the book - but these were small annoyances).We never had a POV from Robb.  How do we know its so dramatically different?  When Robb was off warring in the Lannister lands, we didn't know anything of what was going on, only reports of his conquests.  I think the storyline that HBO introduced is brilliant.  It helps to show why Robb fell for her in the first place, instead of just some lustfull evening while she is nursing him back to health.
2069	tearloch	2012-04-26	But the Faceless Men worship the Many-Faced God under which all the gods of death are one. R'hllor, as the only god of the Red Priests' religion, is therefore god of both life and death, and death by fire would be considered his domain. I imagine that had Arya saved them from a flood, Jaqen would be taking lives to repay the Drowned God instead.ETA: My mistake, the Red Priests' god of death is The Great Other, not R'hllor. However, as the Great Other is the god of ice and R'hllor's the god of fire, I'd assume that's why Jaqen considers him the "collector" of lives taken by flame.Followers of the R'hllor burn their victims.  Perhaps its that life from death thing.  For R'hllor to give life, he needs death via sacrifices.  Didn't Melisandre say as much at one point?  Its a balance kind of thing.  I think the discussion of the FM being versed in all religions is spot on.  Remember their temple?
2070	TheEvilKing	2012-04-26	As for this episode, we are sure to have the storyarcs of: Catelyn, Davos, Bran, Arya, Daenerys, Jon... and strongly possible: Theon.But my guess, and it's a wild guess, is that we wont have any King's Landing this episode: so, no Tyrion, no Sansa... but I may be damn wrong.Theon and Tyrion are definitely in it. Not sure about Sansa but given the volume of other characters in this episode I'd say no.
2071	iamsbee	2012-04-26	Ohhh man, I am so excited
2072	Carne	2012-04-26	Theon is in because Dagmer Cleftjaw is in this episode.
2073	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	Spunky Healer girl is only pretending to be foreign spunky healer girl- she is Jeyne, for whom Robb fell when she healed him. I'm hoping they show the Jaime escape, Jaime gets a sword and kills some guys then the alarm is raised and the Lannister men with him killed before he can get away. Robb with his bodyguard will block Jaime off and tell him it's all over. Then he will try and do what he did in the book at Whispering Woods- do some good in his last stand by trying to cut through to Robb and cut him down, preferably with a snarky comment to start it off. He will get to Robb, killing the bodyguards that get in his way, disarm him like a pansy and go for the kill. Karstark's son will push Robb aside, meaning Robb gets badly wounded instead and Jaime kills Karstark Jr but gets his sword trapped as guards pile in. He gets taken down and surrounded with crossbows which he then says he hates. Jaime gets chained up nice and tightly, Karstark wants him dead, Robb needs healing which he gets from Jeyne. Boom.This episode sees Tyrion plan his defence of King's Landing (at the moment, Stannis and Renly are still fighting each other so what's the point?) according to the summary, so Chain and Wildfire are meant to appear in this episode. Why would they have appeared before this?Tywin will know Arya is highborn. Probably already does- someone noted that it would be out of character for him to make a commoner his cup-bearer. Arya sounds a lot posher than the other prisoners. 
	Spoiler He knows she is Northern in the preview clip
. There is no way he doesn't know she is highborn. But Arya Stark is in Cersei's hands so as "men see what they expect to see" he won't make that connection as it is impossible that Cersei is lying to him in his eyes.
2074	Ice Turtle	2012-04-26	Spunky Healer girl is only pretending to be foreign spunky healer girl- she is Jeyne, for whom Robb fell when she healed him. I'm hoping they show the Jaime escape, Jaime gets a sword and kills some guys then the alarm is raised and the Lannister men with him killed before he can get away. Robb with his bodyguard will block Jaime off and tell him it's all over. Then he will try and do what he did in the book at Whispering Woods- do some good in his last stand by trying to cut through to Robb and cut him down, preferably with a snarky comment to start it off. He will get to Robb, killing the bodyguards that get in his way, disarm him like a pansy and go for the kill. Karstark's son will push Robb aside, meaning Robb gets badly wounded instead and Jaime kills Karstark Jr but gets his sword trapped as guards pile in. He gets taken down and surrounded with crossbows which he then says he hates. Jaime gets chained up nice and tightly, Karstark wants him dead, Robb needs healing which he gets from Jeyne. Boom.This episode sees Tyrion plan his defence of King's Landing (at the moment, Stannis and Renly are still fighting each other so what's the point?) according to the summary, so Chain and Wildfire are meant to appear in this episode. Why would they have appeared before this?Tywin will know Arya is highborn. Probably already does- someone noted that it would be out of character for him to make a commoner his cup-bearer. Arya sounds a lot posher than the other prisoners. 
	Spoiler He knows she is Northern in the preview clip
. There is no way he doesn't know she is highborn. But Arya Stark is in Cersei's hands so as "men see what they expect to see" he won't make that connection as it is impossible that Cersei is lying to him in his eyes.Arya doesn't exactly speak as highborn. Though not as commoner either.Good point about Cersei.I can't remember is there Jeyne Pool in the show? Maybe Arya will tell Tywin she is steward's daughter or something like that. I wonder if Tywin will eventually figure out who he had.
2075	Dirty Steve	2012-04-26	In the book jaqen references the red god the same as he does in the show
2076	iamsbee	2012-04-26	@Hot Chocolate Drinker, yes Jeyne is in the show
2077	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	@Hot Chocolate Drinker, yes Jeyne is in the showDo we know that?  Sansa referenced her at one point, but that's it, I believe.
2078	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Just discovered that www.tv.com has overviews of future GoT episodes. They list the "stars" appearing in the episodes. I really really hope they are acting on guesswork and not actual knowledge of which characters are in each episode, because 17 (the one where Jaime gets a surprising visit and meets a distant relative) stars- Theon, Jaime, Cat, Brienne, Dany, Jon, Cersei and Sansa. Looks like we won't see Jaime's escape and he is being let go this season /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Also, Pyromancer Hallyne is appearing this episode.
I just really hope they are guessing not working on actual facts
2079	Chelly	2012-04-26	JAQEN! That is all. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Seriously, though. I AM very excited for the return of Jaqen, but I'm also looking forward seeing more Theon and it looks Jon is back, too. Hopefully, there will be some NW/Wildling fighting. Anyone know when Ygritte is showing up? I love her. Her and Jon were my amongst my favorites of the relationships.http://i.imgur.com/6fwqR.jpgBoss. Pyat Pree looks great.He sure does, and Emilia is sooo beautiful. /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> THAT DRESS! She's looking flawless. I am loving the costumes this season.
2080	A Redeemed Hound	2012-04-26	What would I like to see?  Pyat Pree and Quaith speaking of prophesies and mummer dragons; all three dragons (even for a few seconds); someone telling Dany how to cook the meat before feeding the dragons; Arya in Harrenhall learning all about the Brotherhood Without Banners; A great shadow scene; Edric Storm and Storms End; some sort of instruction from Cat telling the Silent Sisters to bring Ned's remains back to Winterfell; crazy cool Brienne action; Sir Loras flipping out action.
What am I expecting to see?  Some guy teabagging Ros while Varys barges in for some reason; a quick cut to Arya and Jaquen speaking; Loras/Margery/Renly having a 3-way; shadow does its thing; cut to Brienne/Cat/Littlefinger fleeing; Melisandra using a staff to pleasure herself; cut to Dany speaking to a new bloodrider with a new name for no reason; quick cut to a dire wold for .01 seconds and then Bran waking up sweating; no Hodor; then back to the brothel where three woman are taking a crap on a bunch of men for pleasure and Littlefinger arrives to speak loudly about his plans ala Dr. Evil.
2081	Aegnor	2012-04-26	/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Just discovered that www.tv.com has overviews of future GoT episodes. They list the "stars" appearing in the episodes. I really really hope they are acting on guesswork and not actual knowledge of which characters are in each episode, because 17 (the one where Jaime gets a surprising visit and meets a distant relative) stars- Theon, Jaime, Cat, Brienne, Dany, Jon, Cersei and Sansa. Looks like we won't see Jaime's escape and he is being let go this season /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Also, Pyromancer Hallyne is appearing this episode. I just really hope they are guessing not working on actual factsI think everyone expected that Jamie would be released this season. I mean, beside the fact that Jamie's release occurs in book 2, it was obvious they wanted to move things up in Jamie's plot. I'm still hoping Bran and Rickon's "death" is the motivation for Cat releasing Jamie. No idea what you are getting at with the stars listed or what that tells you.I'm thinking that the long lost relative mentioned is Talisa/Jeyne Lannister. There's speculation that Jeyne Westerling is made a Lannister, so that is my thought. It could just be Alton Lannister though.Nicolai has said in interviews that a scene that occurs in S2 episode 7 is his favorite thing he's ever shot. So some significant Jamie scene is occurring in episode 7.
2082	ashagreyjoys	2012-04-26	So I assume Renly is going to die in the first scene of this episode? Or are they cutting that out and just having the aftermath /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />I highly doubt they'd cut it out. Mostly because it's crucial that they show what the point of the shadow baby was. It wouldn't hold up through conversation. In any event I hope they show Loras' reaction. That would be great on screen. I always wished we would have gotten a POV from him, especially at that part. Also I beg for Theon scenes this episode please.
2083	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	My only hope is that HBO is spending this entire week doing voice-overs to get Jaqen's speech back into third-person mode.  My jaw dropped during that trailer when he was talking like 'I' this and 'you' that.  A man speaks in third-person, damnit!  This girl is going to be mightily pissed off if they've stripped a man of his most memorable and charming idiocyncrasy.   /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
As Ran would say:  JEEBUS!!
PS:  Welcome to the board, ashagreyjoys!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 26 April 2012 - 03:28 PM.
2084	The Monkey	2012-04-26	My only hope is that HBO is spending this entire week doing voice-overs to get Jaqen's speech back into third-person mode.  My jaw dropped during that trailer when he was talking like 'I' this and 'you' that.  A man speaks in third-person, damnit!  This girl is going to be mightily pissed off if they've stripped a man of his most memorable and charming idiocyncrasy.   /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />As Ran would say:  JEEBUS!!PS:  Welcome to the board, ashagreyjoys!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Aye, would be a shame to change Jaq'en's speech. But he spoke in third-person in episode two, and in the trailers before the season started the conversation was edited a bit, so there's a chance it will be as it should be in the actual episode.
2085	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	Aye, would be a shame to change Jaq'en's speech. But he spoke in third-person in episode two, and in the trailers before the season started the conversation was edited a bit, so there's a chance it will be as it should be in the actual episode.hahaha, I saw your avatar and immediately sat up straighter in my chair!  Sooooo glad Daddy Goldbucks isn't my daddy--I'd turn into a gibbering idiot every time he walked into a room and stared at me!  /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
2086	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-26	I highly doubt they'd cut it out. Mostly because it's crucial that they show what the point of the shadow baby was.It's not cut out.  One of the ever-so-brief clips repeated often in all the promo videos since the first of the year was one of Brienne inside a tent, drawing her sword and lunging toward...something off camera.  That's gotta be her reaction shot to the shadow Stan.
2087	Craven Mummer	2012-04-26	If they don't have Ian McElhinney under contract, they shouldn't even try to introduce Arstan.  
Please don't try to swap actors on us (eg Mountain), for this character it would incredibly confusing. Just pay the man!
(null)
2088	J_Crews	2012-04-26	Why is Jaquen talking about the "RED" god at all? This will likely confuse him as a worshiper of the of the Lord of Light.. rather than as a Faceless man. Because him mentioning the Red God is a direct quote from the book.  "The Red God must have his due," etc., etc.
2089	J_Crews	2012-04-26	The line in question is directly lifted from the book..."The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the names, and a man will do the rest." - aCoK pg 421Thank you for posting the actual quote.
2090	Aegnor	2012-04-26	If they don't have Ian McElhinney under contract, they shouldn't even try to introduce Arstan. Please don't try to swap actors on us (eg Mountain), for this character it would incredibly confusing. Just pay the man! (null)Is this in question? I just assumed we would have heard something if he wasn't back for his role. That would be incredibly disappointing if he wasn't.
2091	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	Is this in question? I just assumed we would have heard something if he wasn't back for his role. That would be incredibly disappointing if he wasn't.Yes, I'm wondering, too.  Just looked at his page at IMDB--yikes, that is a busy guy!
2092	J_Crews	2012-04-26	Looks like we won't see Jaime's escape and he is being let go this season /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />It was, more or less, made abundantly clear in interviews months ago that a good part of Jaime's arc from ASoS was being brought forward into this season.  They can't justify paying the actor's salary, just to have him sit in chains and make witty quips at people.  He'll be freed in ep. 7 and I'm betting...
	Spoiler  ... the season ends with him losing his hand.
2093	J_Crews	2012-04-26	Yes, I'm wondering, too.  Just looked at his page at IMDB--yikes, that is a busy guy!I was just re-watching the Tudors on Netflix streaming and noticed him playing Pope Clement (I think) in the 1st season.  I knew when I saw him in GoT that he looked familiar, but couldn't place from where.
2094	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	It was, more or less, made abundantly clear in interviews months ago that a good part of Jaime's arc from ASoS was being brought forward into this season.  They can't justify paying the actor's salary, just to have him sit in chains and make witty quips at people.  He'll be freed in ep. 7 and I'm betting...
	Spoiler  ... the season ends with him losing his hand. 
Gads, I hope so!
2095	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	I was just re-watching the Tudors on Netflix streaming and noticed him playing Pope Clement (I think) in the 1st season.  I knew when I saw him in GoT that he looked familiar, but couldn't place from where.Too funny, I've watched that series a dozen times and never noticed.  Now, of course, I gotta check out the Pope!
2096	_Oberyn_	2012-04-26	It was, more or less, made abundantly clear in interviews months ago that a good part of Jaime's arc from ASoS was being brought forward into this season.  They can't justify paying the actor's salary, just to have him sit in chains and make witty quips at people.  He'll be freed in ep. 7 and I'm betting...
	Spoiler  ... the season ends with him losing his hand. 
Jaime's arch maybe but the season i think it will end with...
	Spoiler  ... 3 horn blasts
2097	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	The key point is that Jaime's attempted escape won't happen, as Tyrion hasn't planned it, so we won't see Jaime in action before
	Spoiler  he loses his hand.
 It kind of detracts from the strength of change that it induces in him as he is going to be seen to lose to an old man, get captured by a boy, scared shitless by a long legged wolf, humiliated by everyone then beaten up by a woman not actually demonstrating any competency with his sword at any point before 
	Spoiler losing his hand
. It'd still suck but it isnt the utter loss if purpose and identity that it is in the books and that's without accounting for the lack of first person insight the show will get. It's not intelligent story telling. Plus if it does happen at the end of the season, who is going to do it? Bolton? Brienne?! 
I know he's going to get released this season but doing it as early as 7 is a waste especially as it removes the chance of putting in canon scenes that would provide Nikolai with a great scene, the audience with some action and all for not too much money or time whilst adding to Jaime and Robb's character and setting up Robb's time with Jeyne and the Karstark storyline.
2098	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	The actor listing is relevant because the presence of Cat, Brienne, Jaime and no Robb in episode 7 heavily implies that the major thing thing involving Jaime will be his release and not his escape (in which case, as he is not shown before then, this will not occur). It's not a very hard inference to make
					
					
							Edited by SerArthurHeath, 26 April 2012 - 06:55 PM.
2099	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	Oh and Theon is definitely in this episode- he going to start his nefarious plan
2100	Arkash	2012-04-26	His escape attempt will be featured in the show, we've seen short clips of him, face in blood in Robb's camp, fighting, so guess we'll see him try to escape, and it's quite certain because it's one of the few things interesting to make him do this season.
2101	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	What trailer is it in? I hadn't noticed it
2102	boojam	2012-04-26	Because him mentioning the Red God is a direct quote from the book.  "The Red God must have his due," etc., etc.Yeah but this is before George wrote AFoC and ADwD, so, methinks George does not always keep track of these things.All of Arya's exposition with the FM when on Braavos leaves it totally obscure that they would invoke allegiance to any given god.If George had of had his workup of the FM in mind he would have used something like:"The Many-Faced God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the name , and a man will do the rest."
2103	Arkash	2012-04-26	It's more in making-of videos, you see Nikolaj in the middle of tents, looking around him with blood on his face, but cant find it now !
2104	boojam	2012-04-26	It was, more or less, made abundantly clear in interviews months ago that a good part of Jaime's arc from ASoS was being brought forward into this season.  They can't justify paying the actor's salary, just to have him sit in chains and make witty quips at people.  He'll be freed in ep. 7 and I'm betting...
	Spoiler  ... the season ends with him losing his hand. 
Yes I think they want to get the Jamie - Brienne dynamic going , so stuff at Riverrun can be skipped....Because the Jamie/Brienne interaction is part of the game changer for Jamie.Can't wait for the Jamie/Brienne bear pit hoopla of season 3 ... it's a tear jerk.
2105	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	It's more in making-of videos, you see Nikolaj in the middle of tents, looking around him with blood on his face, but cant find it now ! I fervently hope you are right but I'd worry that said scene could just as easily be post the Jaime-Brienne duel at the camp of whoever finds them in this adaption
2106	Arkash	2012-04-26	I doubt this, it hell looked like the brown tents of Robb's camp... I'm gonna try again to find it...
EDIT: look at the "Invitation to the Set" video, at 2:08.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 26 April 2012 - 07:29 PM.
2107	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-26	It does look like Robb's camp. Thanks. I'm slightly reassured but I'm not going to be completely so until I see the scene- I was sure they'd show things last season that they didn't so I'm approaching with the mentality that they'll cut anything I specifically want to watch and then I can only be pleasantly surprised!
2108	Mike Snow	2012-04-26	I've seen alot of discussions on that we're going to be seeing Ygritte too. But it's definitely way too soon.
					
					
							Edited by Mike Snow, 26 April 2012 - 07:44 PM.
2109	J_Crews	2012-04-26	Too funny, I've watched that series a dozen times and never noticed.  Now, of course, I gotta check out the Pope!It's only in Season 1.  He was replaced by Peter O'Toole in Season 2, which, going by history, ought to be the same Pope, but that show toyed with history so much he may've been meant to be his successor.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 26 April 2012 - 07:46 PM.
2110	J_Crews	2012-04-26	Jaime's arch maybe but the season i think it will end with...
	Spoiler  ... 3 horn blasts
 I think you're correct.  I was referring only to Jaime's arc, as you said, not the whole season.
2111	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	'Jaime's 'rebirth' was always one of the most powerful journeys in the books, for me.  Because I really struggled with it, struggled with myself as he went from privileged, cocky self-centered asshole to degradation, total despair, loss of identity, and then slowly inch by inch, climbed his way back to becoming a man--this time a man worth knowing.  All along, when things were darkest for him, I was like 'yeah, how's it feel, asshole?  You threw an innocent little kid out of a tower window because he accidentally caught you f*cking your sister!'  Bit by bit, Jaime grew as a man, a worthy human being, and I argued with it every step of the way...  but in the end, came to respect Jaime.  (whew, its taken years just to be able to say that!)  I think that journey to hell and back was some of GRRM's finest writing.  Ever.
2112	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	Jaime's arch maybe but the season i think it will end with...
	Spoiler  ... 3 horn blasts
And if that IS the end, the Unsullied over at TWoP will go bonkers, it'll be great to 'listen in' on their discussions.  Because back when Jon and Sam were atop the Wall and Benjen's horse came galloping back alone, Sam rushed off to blow the horn, saying 'One if its a ranger returning, two if it's wildlings, three if its...'  At that point, Jon interrupted him, noting that Benjen's horse did not have a rider.  The Unsullied went nuts, it was hilarious!  Three if its...  WHAT?  WHAT?  We get one, we get two, but what's THREE MEAN?  Three if its WHAT???This is gonna be fun.
2113	Arkash	2012-04-26	As for the last shot of the season, I think it was confirmed on the Making GoT page that it will be really faithful to the books, but things may have change during the final editing...
But the three blasts, that would be so fucking perfect and thrilling! I got chills only by speaking of it !
Oh, by the way, I was always fascinated by those guys blowing the horns, who are they, what did they see, did they survive ?
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 26 April 2012 - 07:58 PM.
2114	J_Crews	2012-04-26	It kind of detracts from the strength of change that it induces in him as he is going to be seen to lose to an old man, get captured by a boy, scared shitless by a long legged wolf, humiliated by everyone then beaten up by a woman not actually demonstrating any competency with his sword at any point beforeExcept for the entirety of the whole 1st season, where he is referred to as one of the greatest knights in the realm, is seen to be a member of the elite Kingsguard; and was literally shown on-screen making quick, effortless work of Winterfell's captain of guards and being equally matched in a sword-fight against Season 1's main protagonist/hero Eddard Stark.  Further, Robb refuses on-screen to duel him after the Battle of the Whispering Wood, admitting in front of half his army that if they fought that way, Jaime would win.  Also, Jaime is named in the conversation between the two Lannister soldiers at the beginning of this past week's episode re: who is the realm's best swordsman before the Battle of Oxcross, meaning his advanced skill is common knowledge.Anyone who missed-out on the fact that he was seven kinds of awesome with a sword hasn't been watching very closely.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 26 April 2012 - 08:01 PM.
2115	J_Crews	2012-04-26	And if that IS the end, the Unsullied over at TWoP will go bonkersI love, love, love that you refer to them as the "Unsullied".  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />	 /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 26 April 2012 - 08:08 PM.
2116	scurvy	2012-04-26	There will be blood.Can't help but wonder how much they will change at Harrenhal. If Arya is cupbearer to Tywin she won't be kicked around by the kitchen staff, right? Perhaps the first two she will ask to be murdered will be the Tickler and Polliver?She's going to have kill the Tickler herself with the Hound in a season or two.  Too integral to the story.  They can't remove that.
2117	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-26	I am curious how they are going to do Jaime's story. Because almost all of it takes place in his head.  Maybe they'll just have a lot of dialogue between him and Brienne?  That's going to be a ton of made up dialogue and I hope the writers are up to the challenge.
2118	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	I am curious how they are going to do Jaime's story. Because almost all of it takes place in his head.  Maybe they'll just have a lot of dialogue between him and Brienne?  That's going to be a ton of made up dialogue and I hope the writers are up to the challenge.Hmmm, actually I see it being pretty easy to bring to the visual screen.  Viewers by now have a clear, defined picture of Jaime--he's the golden man, beautiful, privileged--in his own words:  There are no men like me.  There is only me.  Visually, take that to a stunned, shamed, dirty, painful wreck, crippled in mind and body.  It should be riveting--hope its as good as it can be.
2119	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-26	She's going to have kill the Tickler herself with the Hound in a season or two.  Too integral to the story.  They can't remove that.That's a great moment from the books, but it's not really integral to the story. I agree though, I wouldn't want them to change it from the Tickler, but if they do, it doesn't really affect much other than being a letdown. I could see them killing the Tickler off this season, since already there is no Weese or Chyswick. Plus, they may not want to hold on to that actor for another season, or likely two, since his deaht won't happen until season four probably.
2120	TyrionFan57	2012-04-26	I literally adjusted all the brightness/color options on my tv because so many of the great scenes are so dark I can't see anything. I originally watched last weeks episode in the bedroom and had no idea Greywind made an appearance until I watched on the large screen. I really hope Blackwater isn't the same way.Same with me!  It just so happens that the last 4 Sundays have been really sunny here in SW Washington (and we barely get 4 sunny days each year...almost true), causing a lot of glare and not being able to see any of the darker scenes.  I didn't see Grey Wind either until I watched it again on HBOgo.  I almost jumped out of my chair.  The scenes at Harrenhal were very hard to see as well.  Hope it rains here when Ep. 9 is shown.
2121	Davos55	2012-04-27	I am definitely curious about who Arya chooses for her "wishes" with Jaqen.  Obviously they have cut out Chiswyck and Weese, so they are cut out, but who will take their place? It better NOT be Tickler or Polliver. The fight at the inn is one of my favorites in the series. I would be devastated if it was altered.
2122	TyrionFan57	2012-04-27	It was, more or less, made abundantly clear in interviews months ago that a good part of Jaime's arc from ASoS was being brought forward into this season.  They can't justify paying the actor's salary, just to have him sit in chains and make witty quips at people.  He'll be freed in ep. 7 and I'm betting...
	Spoiler  ... the season ends with him losing his hand. 
It could be.  But the Bloody Mummers cut off Jaime's hand and I don't think they will be shown this season.  Also, Jaime is with Brienne, on their way to King's Landing, when he gets his hand chopped off.  So Catelyn and Brienne would have to make it all the way back to Robb's camp (since there is no Riverrun as yet), Catelyn releases Jaime, the sends Brienne with Jaime to King's Landing.  There would have to be a bunch of changes for all of this to take place before the end of the season.  And who would they have cut off his hand, if not the Bloody Mummers?  Curious how all this will play out on screen.
2123	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-27	Hmmm, actually I see it being pretty easy to bring to the visual screen.  Viewers by now have a clear, defined picture of Jaime--he's the golden man, beautiful, privileged--in his own words:  There are no men like me.  There is only me.  Visually, take that to a stunned, shamed, dirty, painful wreck, crippled in mind and body.  It should be riveting--hope its as good as it can be.Yes, but outward physical breakdown it's same as his inner change.  Jaime reflects on the young man he used to be, the one who wanted to be Arthur Dayne, but ended up being the smiling knight.  He has his dream and goes back to save Brienne. He reflects on the blank pages of the King's Guard annals.  All those things takes place in his head.
2124	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	I agree. For me the most riveting aspect of Jaime's change is that we get an insight into who Jaime used to be before he decided that there was no good in this world and no point in being "good" as it gets you as otracised as being evil. That all he has is his skill with a sword, and that's all he can rely on, believe in but it's so good that it is all he needs. We see all of that taken away- he isn't just someone good with a sword, it is his entire identity, a persona he has created himself and utterly become and when he loses it he starts to head back to what he wanted to be before he decided it couldn't exist or survive. That is going to be very hard to show on screen if we never learn what Jaime wanted to be and the feelings that drove him to self-loathing instead.
On another note, if that's their attempt to make Jaime a swordsman before he loses it all, it sucks. Show don't tell, especially on a visual medium with no privileged access to private thoughts and where it is very easy to forget words but images will last a lot longer. He killed Jory quickly but as he's basically a mook it's pretty irrelevant. He loses to Ned in the eyes of the Unsullied (they all were sure he was going to lose and that's why the guard intervened). He gets captured and they mention in passing that he killed 10 men. So what? Missed opportunity to demonstrate what happened in the books where Jaime makes Robb's tactical superiority nearly redundant by almost cutting down Robb. Robb with nothing to lose refuses to duel him- of course Robb would lose, he's a teenager in his first battle! This Kingsguard are specifically non-skilled Lannister cronies. Now he is going to be seen, without the insight into how both characters are feeling and without the emphasis on Jaime fighting bound and after months (seems like days at most in the season) of capture that in the book left him underweight (clearly hasn't been malnutrition in the series), to lose to a woman in his next fight.
I KNOW we only got to hear about Jaime (though in less uncertain) terms in the book but it's a different medium, one where you can tell people things rather than one where the emphasis should be on showing. We also have to have points hammered home. We've had 2-3 added scenes just to emphasis that Joffrey is unpleasant and LF is a slimy douche. So cutting out canon (if unseen) scenes that establish Jaime's most important character aspect at this point is really stupid. It's just if Jaime lost his ability to fight at this point I would think"that's annoying but you're alive and the eldest son of the richest and most powerful house in Westeros" not "you have to change every single thing you have thought about yourself for the past 15 years because of the choices you made"
2125	The Crowned Griffin	2012-04-27	I am definitely curious about who Arya chooses for her "wishes" with Jaqen.  Obviously they have cut out Chiswyck and Weese, so they are cut out, but who will take their place? It better NOT be Tickler or Polliver. The fight at the inn is one of my favorites in the series. I would be devastated if it was altered.I think most likely they just modify it to one kill (disappointing). Unless if she meets some new characters who replace those two while working as the cupbearer.
2126	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-04-27	I am definitely curious about who Arya chooses for her "wishes" with Jaqen.  Obviously they have cut out Chiswyck and Weese, so they are cut out, but who will take their place? It better NOT be Tickler or Polliver. The fight at the inn is one of my favorites in the series. I would be devastated if it was altered.It's probably going to be the Tickler followed by Polliver. As much as I too liked the incident in the inn and the revengeful sequence of stabbings by Arya, it isn't a scene important enough to the plot. And there's no reason to worry. The preview of episode 15 pretty much confirmed there are going to be 3 death wishes like the book.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 27 April 2012 - 04:56 AM.
2127	Zappotack	2012-04-27	It's probably going to be the Tickler followed by Polliver. As much as I too liked the incident in the inn and the revengeful sequence of stabbings by Arya, it isn't a scene important enough to the plot. And there's no reason to worry. The preview of episode 15 pretty much confirmed there are going to be 3 death wishes like the book.The Tickler wasn't that memorable here so if they do her inn scene later non-fans will probably forgot who he was...
2128	Lady Lilac	2012-04-27	I think most likely they just modify it to one kill (disappointing). Unless if she meets some new characters who replace those two while working as the cupbearer.Changing it to one kill is highly unlikely.  We already see Jaquen in the preview saying "Three lives were taken from the Red God. We'll have to give them back".So there will definitely be three deaths.
2129	Arkash	2012-04-27	Well, if they stay faithful, there shall be more than three deaths!
Weasel soup!
2130	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	In episode 6, Arya gets a surprise visitor apparently. The only characters I can think of are LF on his way back to KL (but he would recognise Arya) or... Bolton! So I think Weasel soup will be in episode 6
2131	Arkash	2012-04-27	How do you explain him passing by Harrenhal on his way back to King's Landing from Storm's End ?
No, I guess it is more of Jaqen again... him asking his last death !
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 27 April 2012 - 06:47 AM.
2132	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	Good point. I'm going to say Bolton arrives at the end of the episode then
2133	Arkash	2012-04-27	Yup, I hope it will be... end of episode 6, I'd guess... which would leave Arya at the service of Tywin for two episodes.
2134	NewJeffCT	2012-04-27	If I recall, Tywin was at Harrenhal in the books, but just didn't meet Arya/Arry/Weasal.  He left to supposedly go West to fight Robb, but really went South to King's Landing to take Stannis by surprise.  He left the Bloody Mummers & Ser Amory Lorch in charge when he left.
Also, episode 10 is entitled "Valar Morghulis" according to HBO
2135	boojam	2012-04-27	You know what I'm really dreading in this episode? The scene where Rodrik Cassel tells Bran that Torrhen's Square is under attack. It's just too horrible. The Starks were doomed the moment Ned rode south, but to actually see that doom come to Winterfell will be almost too painful to watch. It feels like lead in my stomach.This is probably the last Peaceful Winterfell episode we're going to see until the very end of the series.I could never figure out from the books, and George never does much of a job of explaining it, just why did Robb leave Winterfell so vulnerable? Seems from the books there never was enough defense set up or boots on the ground... when , even as a outside threat it was possible for someone to make a raid on the place. I thought the statement that Robb had taken all the young fighting force away was kind of lame, should have been possible to have recruited enough locals and 'tribal types' to have at least made it harder to take Winterfell.But that's the way it is in the books, it's a plot hole to me.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 27 April 2012 - 08:54 AM.
2136	boojam	2012-04-27	Well, if they stay faithful, there shall be more than three deaths!Weasel soup!The real zinger in Weasel soup is way Arya tricks Jaqen, I did not see that coming.The whole sequence is the best action scene at Harrenhal during Arya's stay there.Episode ten may be a wrap up of Harrenhal, and the Valar Morghulis title may have been picked from the last dialog Jaqen has with Arya.
2137	boojam	2012-04-27	Anyone who missed-out on the fact that he was seven kinds of awesome with a sword hasn't been watching very closely.And the sequence in SoS where even cuffed, fighting two handed with a broad sword, he initially gains an advantage over Brienne, and as the fight goes on realizes he has way underestimated her and in the end she essentially bests him. We, of course , don't know where that would have gone because the Brave Companions show up.That whole fight changes Jamie's attitude towards Brienne.(I too hope the Brienne boat sinking does not get left out.)
2138	Davos55	2012-04-27	It's probably going to be the Tickler followed by Polliver. As much as I too liked the incident in the inn and the revengeful sequence of stabbings by Arya, it isn't a scene important enough to the plot. And there's no reason to worry. The preview of episode 15 pretty much confirmed there are going to be 3 death wishes like the book.I suppose Tickler and Polliver being there isn't important to the plot, but the scene itself is pretty important! That is where the Hound gets injured, which brings about the great scene between him and Arya after they leave, and it allows Arya to go on her own and leave for Braavos.Granted, the show could just change how the Hound gets injured, or change how she gets away..but I won't like it!Who knows..maybe they will have the Hound leave her to go on an adventure with Ros instead.
2139	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	And the sequence in SoS where even cuffed, fighting two handed with a broad sword, he initially gains an advantage over Brienne, and as the fight goes on realizes he has way underestimated her and in the end she essentially bests him.We, of course , don't know where that would have gone because the Brave Companions show up.That whole fight changes Jamie's attitude towards Brienne.(I too hope the Brienne boat sinking does not get left out.)Yeah but that doesn't work unless you know that he is at a disadvantage- if I hadn't been told otherwise I'd assume that fighting two handed with a broadsword would be an advantage. On film it is just Jaime getting beaten by a woman, unless there is some clumsy dialogue about fighting in chains/how weak he is after being in a cell for months. It would help if the fight vs Ned had shown both as excellent, but as they both looked kind of "meh" and slow, I'm not believing Jaime could beat anyone atm
2140	boojam	2012-04-27	Yeah but that doesn't work unless you know that he is at a disadvantage- if I hadn't been told otherwise I'd assume that fighting two handed with a broadsword would be an advantage. On film it is just Jaime getting beaten by a woman, unless there is some clumsy dialogue about fighting in chains/how weak he is after being in a cell for months. It would help if the fight vs Ned had shown both as excellent, but as they both looked kind of "meh" and slow, I'm not believing Jaime could beat anyone atmAs far as we can tell from the novels Brienne is likely as good as Jamie, George at least implies that.
2141	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	Yes, (though she remarks that she was surprised how Jaime, having been out of action as long as he was, nearly beat her when she gets PoVs) but in the books that made Brienne look more awesome because Jaime seemed so dangerous, rather than what I'm worried about which is that it will just make Jaime seem less awesome and by extension won't do anything to build Brienne up.
2142	Lebronn Jaime	2012-04-27	I could never figure out from the books, and George never does much of a job of explaining it, just why did Robb leave Winterfell so vulnerable?Rodrik musters a force of ~2000 in the course of hunting down "Ramsay", defending Torrhen's square, and returning to Winterfell. If anyone left the castle or the North defenseless it was him, just as Theon planned.As far as we can tell from the novels Brienne is likely as good as Jamie, George at least implies that.The novel implies that Jaime was more affected by his imprisonment than he originally thought and that he underestimated Brienne and tired himself out.
2143	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	He's been in a cell for months, he has lost so much weight that he is unrecognisable to Cersei and others when he gets to KL and he clearly hasn't trained for months. If a star sports player tries to go into a game of any sport without any practice for months, what would happen to them, no matter what and talent and physical abilities they possess?
2144	_Oberyn_	2012-04-27	Anyone remember if Selmy has been mentioned in the show? Various characters repeatedly inquire about him in the book but i dont remember him being mentioned this season. I wonder if he will be on at all or is he been moved to S3?
2145	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	End of Season would be good- they could end Dany's arc with him arriving, with a beard and Belwas, and it will leave an audience-only cliff-hanger with them realising it is Selmy (they can flashback to Selmy in the previously on GOT segment if need be) but Dany and co having no idea
2146	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-27	End of Season would be good- they could end Dany's arc with him arriving, with a beard and Belwas, and it will leave an audience-only cliff-hanger with them realising it is Selmy (they can flashback to Selmy in the previously on GOT segment if need be) but Dany and co having no ideaI really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going to handle the things where so-and-so isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t recognized.  Not just Arstan in Clash and Storm, but also Abel in Dance.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 27 April 2012 - 12:20 PM.
2147	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	It doesn't matter if the audience recognise them- it would be different than in the books, but you could guess who Abel and Barristan were in the books before it was spelled out as well. It approaches from a different dimension, using dramatic irony, where the audience knows what is going to happen but the characters do not
2148	Tyrionthebest	2012-04-27	I suppose Tickler and Polliver being there isn't important to the plot, but the scene itself is pretty important! That is where the Hound gets injured, which brings about the great scene between him and Arya after they leave, and it allows Arya to go on her own and leave for Braavos.Granted, the show could just change how the Hound gets injured, or change how she gets away..but I won't like it!Who knows..maybe they will have the Hound leave her to go on an adventure with Ros instead.Ok, the Ros jokes are getting lame and not funny anymore . We get it nobody likes her but can we start getting to serious discussions about the show ? Seriously the haters are starting to get more annoying than her which is pretty ironic .
					
					
							Edited by Tyrionthebest, 27 April 2012 - 12:38 PM.
2149	Myrddin	2012-04-27	Ok, the Ros jokes are getting lame and not funny anymore . We get it nobody likes her but can we start getting to serious discussions about the show ? Seriously the haters are starting to get more annoying than her which is pretty ironic .So, I guess now is the wrong time to say I think Ros should travel to Essos and steal the dragons from Dany to become the new Mother of Dragons?
2150	Aegnor	2012-04-27	They definitely won't try to conceal Barristan's identity. He's a secret to the characters in the story, not the viewer of the story. It just wouldn't work the way it does in the book. As far as Abel in ADWD, was that really hidden? I'm pretty sure I knew immediately who he was, as I was looking for some unknown musician that had some women around him to show up.
2151	gogorath	2012-04-27	If I recall, Tywin was at Harrenhal in the books, but just didn't meet Arya/Arry/Weasal.  He left to supposedly go West to fight Robb, but really went South to King's Landing to take Stannis by surprise.  He left the Bloody Mummers & Ser Amory Lorch in charge when he left.Also, episode 10 is entitled "Valar Morghulis" according to HBOYep, Tywin was at Harrenhal.  In fact, after using her first two deaths and upon Tywin leaving, she realizes that she's been wasteful and stupid.  She could have picked Tywin or Joffrey or Cersei.  It's a great part for me, and in her head, so I don't know if we will see it, but the whole progression is very young kid growing up.
2152	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	Why won't it work? Just looking for an explanation, not saying that it will but I think if anything it's a device that works better on TV
2153	Mendoza	2012-04-27	This is the first episode title of season 2 I actually like because The Ghost of Harrenhal is just another way of saying Arya Stark.
2154	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-04-27	When will we see the houses of the undying do you think? And do you think the scene will live up to the book? Will they show it at all, or will be just hear a narrative as dany comes out the door? excited and scared...
PS! Blackwater. Anyone read may edition of empire? quote from director Neil Marshall: " The B. episode is pretty much one long battle,on a much bigger scale than anything in Centurion (..) ..and A saving Private Ryan like beach battle with all these guys getting shot to pieces.." Sounds massive:-)
2155	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-27	When will we see the houses of the undying do you think? And do you think the scene will live up to the book? Will they show it at all, or will be just hear a narrative as dany comes out the door? excited and scared...PS! Blackwater. Anyone read may edition of empire? quote from director Neil Marshall: " The B. episode is pretty much one long battle,on a much bigger scale than anything in Centurion (..) ..and A saving Private Ryan like beach battle with all these guys getting shot to pieces.." Sounds massive:-)Episode 7's description says that "Dany receives an invitation", so it would appear that the Undying will be shown then. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2156	Tyrionthebest	2012-04-27	Episode 7's description says that "Dany receives an invitation", so it would appear that the Undying will be shown then. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The summaries were updated since then and indeed it mentions the House of the undying .
2157	gogorath	2012-04-27	I wouldn't bet on seeing Brienne and Jaime's escape involving boats.  It's expensive and difficult and would be one of the first things rewritten.
2158	J_Crews	2012-04-27	... the Bloody Mummers cut off Jaime's hand and I don't think they will be shown this season.  Also, Jaime is with Brienne, on their way to King's Landing, when he gets his hand chopped off.  So Catelyn and Brienne would have to make it all the way back to Robb's camp (since there is no Riverrun as yet), Catelyn releases Jaime, the sends Brienne with Jaime to King's Landing.  There would have to be a bunch of changes for all of this to take place before the end of the season.  And who would they have cut off his hand, if not the Bloody Mummers?  Curious how all this will play out on screen. If you read the episode summaries that have been released (I posted them on her a while back), you'll see where I'm coming from.  Considering what's been said about them moving part of his story arc forward and how TV works in general, him losing his hand is a logical cliffhanger upon which his Season 2 arc can end.  That would still leave about 2/3rds of his ASoS face-turn/redemption journey -- and since we know ASoS is being split over Seasons 3 and 4 (assuming ratings hold, which I think is a good bet), that works out almost perfectly to tell us what Jaime will be doing over the rest of this season and the next two.As for who will do the cutting, who knows?  It could end with he and Brienne being captured, I suppose, by some non-descript peons, who could then take him to Hoat next season... but having such a dramatic, life-changing event happen in an early season episode?  I can't see them wasting such a perfect cliffhanger, in favor of a less dramatic one.Maybe Ser Amory Lorch will turn his cloak and Vargo Hoat will be eliminated entirely (hope not).  Surely, they didn't cast Lorch just to have him kill Yoren, then get eaten by a bear.
2159	J_Crews	2012-04-27	if that's their attempt to make Jaime a swordsman before he loses it all, it sucks. Show don't tell, especially on a visual medium with no privileged access to private thoughts and where it is very easy to forget words but images will last a lot longer.PffffffffftHe killed Jory quickly but as he's basically a mook it's pretty irrelevant.He was the captain of Winterfell's guard, second in rank in the garrison only to the Master-at-Arms Ser Rodrik Cassel.  Far from a mook.He loses to Ned in the eyes of the Unsullied (they all were sure he was going to lose and that's why the guard intervened).If that's what they think, then they need to pay better attention or stick to less challenging fare such as Dancing with the Stars.He gets captured and they mention in passing that he killed 10 men. So what? Missed opportunity to demonstrate what happened in the books where Jaime makes Robb's tactical superiority nearly redundant by almost cutting down Robb.Wasn't shown in the book either.Robb with nothing to lose refuses to duel him- of course Robb would lose, he's a teenager in his first battle!Who's been learning swordplay since he was old enough to carry a wooden practice sword, and who is subsequently proven to be as good a field general as any of the greybeards who think him a boy... and better than most of them.This Kingsguard are specifically non-skilled Lannister cronies.The only point you made that might hold water.  Easily fixed by adding dialogue between he and Brienne as they travel, explaining how Trant and the others are shits and the Kingsguard is only a shadow of what it was when he was selected, etc., etc.Now he is going to be seen, without the insight into how both characters are feeling and without the emphasis on Jaime fighting bound and after months... of capture that in the book left him underweight... to lose to a woman in his next fight.A woman who has already been shown to have bested Ser Loras, who is universally known to be an elite knight and figured prominently in the conversation the 2 soldiers were having last week re: who is the best swordsman in the kingdom.
2160	J_Crews	2012-04-27	I could never figure out from the books, and George never does much of a job of explaining it, just why did Robb leave Winterfell so vulnerable? Seems from the books there never was enough defense set up or boots on the ground... when , even as a outside threat it was possible for someone to make a raid on the place.I thought the statement that Robb had taken all the young fighting force away was kind of lame, should have been possible to have recruited enough locals and 'tribal types' to have at least made it harder to take Winterfell.But that's the way it is in the books, it's a plot hole to me.Historically, castles were often lightly-held when an army marched and usually manned only by those too green, injured, fat, and/or old to be much use in a battle.  A castle's walls are its defense, of which Winterfell has 2, separated by a moat.  The ironborn scaling the walls and swimming the moat in the dead of night to take the castle with a small, stealthy force was rather daring and not something that could have been foreseen.  Plus, even lightly-held, there should've been regular watches/patrols; somebody dropped the ball with Ser Rodrik gone (he also took a slew of men with him, remember) and was, likely, sleeping on duty, etc..
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 27 April 2012 - 06:21 PM.
2161	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	Eh, we are clearly not going to agree on this
2162	Arkash	2012-04-27	Who knows..maybe they will have the Hound leave her to go on an adventure with Ros instead.I think it will be a good idea... yeah, really looking forward for it... =DWell, apart from this, seriously, about next episode... it seems we will see Yara / Asha, since she's the guest of Thronecast for next episode... so I guess we'll have at least a scene of her raiding on Deepwood Motte... I hope.
2163	Frost_Nocturne	2012-04-28	Spunky Healer girl is only pretending to be foreign spunky healer girl- she is Jeyne, for whom Robb fell when she healed him. I'm hoping they show the Jaime escape, Jaime gets a sword and kills some guys then the alarm is raised and the Lannister men with him killed before he can get away. Robb with his bodyguard will block Jaime off and tell him it's all over. Then he will try and do what he did in the book at Whispering Woods- do some good in his last stand by trying to cut through to Robb and cut him down, preferably with a snarky comment to start it off. He will get to Robb, killing the bodyguards that get in his way, disarm him like a pansy and go for the kill. Karstark's son will push Robb aside, meaning Robb gets badly wounded instead and Jaime kills Karstark Jr but gets his sword trapped as guards pile in. He gets taken down and surrounded with crossbows which he then says he hates. Jaime gets chained up nice and tightly, Karstark wants him dead, Robb needs healing which he gets from Jeyne. Boom.This would be amazing. I can see that happening, and how it's Nicolaj's favorite scene.I have high hopes for this episode. Particularly looking forward to Jaqen/Arya and his first assassination. No idea who it would be though. Polliver and the Tickler would make sense for the show, but that would screw up her later confrontation with them at the inn with the Hound. A great scene when she stabs the Tickler to death in mockery of his interrogation and finally gets needle back. She wouldn't be allowed to have needle as Tywin's cupbearer.I agree with those who are concerned about how many storylines this episode seems to have. 4 or so focused storylines each episode work best, as ep 3 showed. I'm glad Bran gets another scene before Theon takes Winterfell (very curious to see the Winterfell story play out this season), and that we get to see more of Stannis and Davos, but at this point we'll have Renly's camp, KL, the Fist, Qarth, Winterfell, Stoney Shore, Stannis' camp, and at least 2 scenes in Harrenhal.
					
					
							Edited by Frost_Nocturne, 28 April 2012 - 12:08 AM.
2164	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-28	Strictly speaking, the Dontos plot doesn't have to be introduced properly before the third season.But if that's the case, why introduce him in Ep 1 at the tourney?  They could have just used a random knight to illustrate Joff's cruelty there.  If we're not going to get any more of Dontos all series, viewers will have forgotten he was the guy Sansa helped with the whole 'make him a Fool' suggestion.  And as the actor said - in a post upthread - he was meant to have at least some screen time already but he's been cut.  Weird decisions.  We'll have to wait and see.
2165	Arkash	2012-04-28	I agree with those who are concerned about how many storylines this episode seems to have. 4 or so focused storylines each episode work best, as ep 3 showed. I'm glad Bran gets another scene before Theon takes Winterfell (very curious to see the Winterfell story play out this season), and that we get to see more of Stannis and Davos, but at this point we'll have Renly's camp, KL, the Fist, Qarth, Winterfell, Stoney Shore, Stannis' camp, and at least 2 scenes in Harrenhal.I dont know about the Stoney Shore... I'm quite certain we will see Asha (see my above post), but I wonder in what circumstances, and I bet we wont see the Iron Born raids on the coast, too expensive, but it would be fucking amazing scenes: pure Vikings pillaging and burning, I'd love to see this in the show !
2166	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-28	If they don't have Ian McElhinney under contract, they shouldn't even try to introduce Arstan.  Please don't try to swap actors on us (eg Mountain), for this character it would incredibly confusing. Just pay the man!(null)I think they could do away with the deception of Whitebeard altogether, to be honest.  It never fooled me when reading the books, and didn't really add that much to the plot.  I think for viewers it would be cool to have him turn up to help Dany after he was so ceremoniously dumped from the KG by Joff and Cersei in Series 1.  It would also set up a nice dynamic conflict between him and Jorah.
2167	Maia	2012-04-28	Tywin instantly recognized her as a girl.This didn't make sense, actually. She had been in the stockade for a couple of days already and would have needed to relieve herself. There was nowhere to hide there, so she should have been revealed - like in the books.If Tywin is a sharp as he think, then we will quickly recognize her as highborne (remember Roose's monologue with Theon about the pronunciation of "My Lord"?To be fair, Roose Bolton, who is also not a dummy, never recognized her as a northener _or_ a highborn, and despite the fact that he must have seen his share of Starks at various ages, he didn't recognize her very prominent "Stark look" either. Book Arya always liked to associate with servants and common people, so I suppose that she may have been able to speak as one too.OTOH, it always made zero sense to me that Bolton didn't recognize her northern accent. Particularly, since we later learned that Arya isn't particularly linguistically talented. And that her appearance didn't seem curious enough to him to warrant taking her along when he left.As long as Tywin didn't know that Arya was missing nor that she was supposed to be a fiery tomboy, he'd have no reason to suspect her identity, IMHO. OTOH, taking a northener as a cup-bearer, when he must have had several squires and tons of servants seems completely out of character. The only explanation I can come with is that maybe he'll want to question her about the North?At least Bolton could be sure that she was on his side... and the whole thing was an elaborately cruel joke, anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 28 April 2012 - 08:09 AM.
2168	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-28	Arya picks up languages in aDwD pretty well I thought?
2169	Carne	2012-04-28	I wouldn't bet on seeing Brienne and Jaime's escape involving boats.  It's expensive and difficult and would be one of the first things rewritten.Gwendoline Christie said she did some canoeing this season.
2170	boojam	2012-04-28	Opps he did say 'I', gack, Benioff and Weiss wrote that episode , someone send them a message that could still be dubbed in correctly.In the novel it is:"The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the name , and a man will do the rest."Hmm... I just discovered even George slips up with Jaqen. When Arya is tricking Jaqen into Weasel Soup she has him swear to keep his final promise. He says : "By the seven new gods and the old gods beyond count I swear it"Neither George nor his publishers proof reader caught that one.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 28 April 2012 - 12:25 PM.
2171	Lord Godric	2012-04-28	My biggest gripe is that Jaqen serves R'hllor.  I understand them not wanting to confuse viewers with all these different gods, but (assuming the show lasts long enough) when Arya gets to Braavos I don't want to see in a temple serving R'hllor. It just wouldn't be the same.
2172	kephv	2012-04-28	Hmm... I just discovered even George slips up with Jaqen. When Arya is tricking Jaqen into Weasel Soup she has him swear to keep his final promise. He says : "By the seven new gods and the old gods beyond count I swear it"Neither George nor his publishers proof reader caught that one. It was probably on purpose. There's just some places where saying a man wouldn't sound as good. That's one of them. Or he does it to note that Jaqen isn't perfect in his role.My biggest gripe is that Jaqen serves R'hllor.  I understand them not wanting to confuse viewers with all these different gods, but (assuming the show lasts long enough) when Arya gets to Braavos I don't want to see in a temple serving R'hllor. It just wouldn't be the same.He mentions the Red god as his reason in the book as well.I honestly think it was just his excuse for helping Arya, as R'hllor requires death by fire for sacrifices to him.
2173	boojam	2012-04-28	It was probably on purpose. There's just some places where saying a man wouldn't sound as good. That's one of them. Or he does it to note that Jaqen isn't perfect in his role.He mentions the Red god as his reason in the book as well.I honestly think it was just his excuse for helping Arya, as R'hllor requires death by fire for sacrifices to him.saying 'a man swears it' would have sounded just fine for a FM.In the book George wrote that before Arya's apprenticeship with the FM, so , guess to late to go back and change it.
2174	Lord Godric	2012-04-28	He mentions the Red god as his reason in the book as well.I honestly think it was just his excuse for helping Arya, as R'hllor requires death by fire for sacrifices to him.Ah, does he?  I didn't rememeber that, but it makes me feel better about that.  I would hate to lose that aspect of Braavos that is it's secularity.
2175	Ran	2012-04-28	I wonder if it's not a slip or an error on either George's or Jaqen's part, but instead that the specific act -- swearing a holy oath on all the gods (and thus in the name of He of Many Faces) is something that Jaqen doesn't play games with, and needs to say it properly and unambiguously to satisfy whatever religious dictum move the Faceless Men.
2176	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-28	As Jaqen is a persona, could we not put it down to him messing up?
2177	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-28	Oh I see I got beaten to that revelation
2178	bloocanary	2012-04-28	My biggest gripe is that Jaqen serves R'hllor.  I understand them not wanting to confuse viewers with all these different gods, but (assuming the show lasts long enough) when Arya gets to Braavos I don't want to see in a temple serving R'hllor. It just wouldn't be the same.But she will be serving R'hllor, as well as the seven and the old gods and all other gods as well. The Faceless Men believe that all the gods are just different "faces" of the Many-Faced God, so they serve them all equally. Hence why Jaqen later swears to Arya "by the seven new gods and the old gods beyond count."I also think there's still a chance for her first two deaths to be Weese and Chiswick. Remember, she picks them on a whim. The realization that she's wasted her first two deaths on near non-entities when she could've been killing Twyin and Gregor is one of the things that drives her to make her last wish really count. When I first read the book, I remember being all "WTF, girl" when she picked Chiswick because I wanted her to use those deaths on some of the bigger bad guys (but of course, it was perfectly to character because Arya's hot-headed and impulsive...and remember, she was skeptical of Jaqen as well). I think Weese and Chiswick will still be in the show, but they'll be minor characters that happened to piss her off that day (which is what they were in the books too, we just heard more about Weese).
					
					
							Edited by bloocanary, 28 April 2012 - 03:15 PM.
2179	boojam	2012-04-28	I also think there's still a chance for her first two deaths to be Weese and Chiswick. Remember, she picks them on a whim. The realization that she's wasted her first two deaths on near non-entities when she could've been killing Twyin and Gregor is one of the things that drives her to make her last wish really count. When I first read the book, I remember being all "WTF, girl" when she picked Chiswick because I wanted her to use those deaths on some of the bigger bad guys (but of course, it was perfectly to character because Arya's hot-headed and impulsive...and remember, she was skeptical of Jaqen as well). I think Weese and Chiswick will still be in the show, but they'll be minor characters that happened to piss her off that day (which is what they were in the books too, we just heard more about Weese).I took her first two choices to be due to lack of maturity, which Geroge wanted to use for contrast. When she realized what she had done ... she shows she is a quick to learn. The trick she pulls on Jaqen is almost too good, ..., because even tho she has become more wise, she does not show that same snap much of the time in SoS ... but she is a survivor. Lord knows where George is going with her, but by the end of ADwD she seems on her way to being a major power player in the story.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 28 April 2012 - 03:28 PM.
2180	teemo	2012-04-28	I'm really interested in how they're going to potray the House of Undying.  That was just crazy.  Not to mention, they are probably going to cut or scale back on the RW prophecy.  Well, it's debated if it even is referring to the RW.  There is so much foreshadowing of the RW in the books, makes me wonder if they're going to mimic that at all in the show or make it a total surprise.  I suspect Grey Wind will at least hate the place.
2181	Iotun	2012-04-28	Yeah but this is before George wrote AFoC and ADwD, so, methinks George does not always keep track of these things.All of Arya's exposition with the FM when on Braavos leaves it totally obscure that they would invoke allegiance to any given god.If George had of had his workup of the FM in mind he would have used something like:"The Many-Faced God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the name , and a man will do the rest."Jaqen can very well be a follower of the Lord of Light, or any other God however. Jaqen is not a faceless man. Jaqen is the persona that a faceless man wears. When that faceless man, whatever his name is, if he even remembers it, removes the persona of Jaqen, then yes, we would expect him to follow the religious orthodoxy of the FM. We should not expect that of the character he is 'wearing' at any one time. One could argue that he'd be a bad FM if his characteristics carried over in fact.
2182	J_Crews	2012-04-28	Gwendoline Christie said she did some canoeing this season. Right.  They'll just be saving $$$ by substituting a canoe, in place of a sloop or skiff or whatever it was in the books (it had a sail, and, I believe, a rudder).
2183	Iotun	2012-04-28	Right.  They'll just be saving $$$ by substituting a canoe, in place of a sloop or skiff or whatever it was in the books (it had a sail, and, I believe, a rudder).Strangely enough I always visualized it as a canoe in my own head when reading the books...
2184	J_Crews	2012-04-28	My biggest gripe is that Jaqen serves R'hllor.  I understand them not wanting to confuse viewers with all these different gods, but (assuming the show lasts long enough) when Arya gets to Braavos I don't want to see in a temple serving R'hllor. It just wouldn't be the same.Many have pointed this out, but folks are forgetting that: A.) It happens the same way in the book; and, B.) The FM worship "Him of Many Faces" i.e. they honor all the gods, because they see them all as different aspects of the same one God.  Because they were about to burn, he says she stole their deaths from the Red God.At least, that's my take.EDIT: Others pointed this out before me, so just add mine to the growing consensus.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 28 April 2012 - 06:03 PM.
2185	Arkash	2012-04-28	Jaqen can very well be a follower of the Lord of Light, or any other God however. Jaqen is not a faceless man. Jaqen is the persona that a faceless man wears. When that faceless man, whatever his name is, if he even remembers it, removes the persona of Jaqen, then yes, we would expect him to follow the religious orthodoxy of the FM. We should not expect that of the character he is 'wearing' at any one time. One could argue that he'd be a bad FM if his characteristics carried over in fact.Yeah, me too, always thought the R"hllor allusion was part of his disguise...And surprised, and glad to learn about Brienne sailing this season, so they definitly did move some Jaime into this season... might well end up, like said earlier, on the chopped-hand.
2186	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-28	Canoe's fine but I wouldn't have thought it would be that much cheaper
2187	Arkash	2012-04-28	Well, I too always pictured this as a quite little boat, barely bigger than a mere canoe.
2188	J_Crews	2012-04-28	The boat is described as having a sail, which means it has a mast.  I'm also almost positive it was mentioned as being steered using a rudder.I pictured it as a river skiff, something like this:http://2.bp.blogspot...e+with+sail.jpgA canoe is this:http://www.dailywolf..._canoe_race.jpgThe skiff is bigger, but not terribly so.  Certainly roomy enough for 3, though, unlike the canoe.EDIT: Images didn't work, so I made them HTML links you can follow.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 28 April 2012 - 08:17 PM.
2189	boojam	2012-04-28	Many have pointed this out, but folks are forgetting that: A.) It happens the same way in the book; and, B.) The FM worship "Him of Many Faces" i.e. they honor all the gods, because they see them all as different aspects of the same one God.  Because they were about to burn, he says she stole their deaths from the Red God.At least, that's my take.EDIT: Others pointed this out before me, so just add mine to the growing consensus.Like I said before he wrote that that book before Arya got to Braavos and her stay at House of Black and White, I think George would write it differently if he had the FM planned out, but he does not work that way.
2190	boojam	2012-04-28	Jaqen can very well be a follower of the Lord of Light, or any other God however. Jaqen is not a faceless man. Jaqen is the persona that a faceless man wears. When that faceless man, whatever his name is, if he even remembers it, removes the persona of Jaqen, then yes, we would expect him to follow the religious orthodoxy of the FM. We should not expect that of the character he is 'wearing' at any one time. One could argue that he'd be a bad FM if his characteristics carried over in fact.That is a difference without a distinction.
2191	Tyrionthebest	2012-04-28	Like I said before he wrote that that book before Arya got to Braavos and her stay at House of Black and White, I think George would write it differently if he had the FM planned out, but he does not work that way.How the heck do you know how Martin works and how his writing panned out ? I think you're talking out of your ass.
2192	Maester Murks	2012-04-29	This didn't make sense, actually. She had been in the stockade for a couple of days already and would have needed to relieve herself. There was nowhere to hide there, so she should have been revealed - like in the books.Well, we see the prisoners sleeping in the rain, getting all soaked anyway. So there is no need to undress to relieve herself... /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2193	boojam	2012-04-29	How the heck do you know how Martin works and how his writing panned out ? I think you're talking out of your ass.Read the interviews with George.
2194	DragonAge93	2012-04-29	So about the Jaqen not speaking in third person, on WiC.net, Bryan Cogman commented on one of the links and gave a quote from the book that he doesn't always use his specific speech pattern. Here's the quote: â<U+0080><U+009C>Three lives you shall have of me. No more. No less. Three and we are done.â<U+0080><U+009D>
2195	ashagreyjoys	2012-04-29	PS:  Welcome to the board, ashagreyjoys!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Ah, thank you!It's not cut out.  One of the ever-so-brief clips repeated often in all the promo videos since the first of the year was one of Brienne inside a tent, drawing her sword and lunging toward...something off camera.  That's gotta be her reaction shot to the shadow Stan.Yeah, I figured as such. I have a feeling we'll have a scene with him, or a couple of minutes of screentime before Catelyn enters. Then, of course, the shadow shall strike and mayhem will ensue. Or so I hope.
2196	Tourniquet	2012-04-29	I imagine this episode will begin with the aftermath of the pregnancy.
2197	The Monkey	2012-04-29	I hope Catelyn talks with Renly about Robb's offer, before he gets his throat cut. Otherwise her whole trip there would seem a bit redundant. They could even make it so that he accepts Northern independence, just so his death is a big more tragic. In the books, with his line "I want you to stay and watch when I destroy my brother, so that you may tell your son what I do to traitors" (or something to that effect) made him seem much more unsympathetic, and his death less tragic.
2198	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-29	I hope Catelyn talks with Renly about Robb's offer, before he gets his throat cut. Otherwise her whole trip there would seem a bit redundant. They could even make it so that he accepts Northern independence, just so his death is a big more tragic. In the books, with his line "I want you to stay and watch when I destroy my brother, so that you may tell your son what I do to traitors" (or something to that effect) made him seem much more unsympathetic, and his death less tragic.+1It will make it all the better if it looks like Rob and Renly will ally
2199	Maroucia	2012-04-29	Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for Renly to die...It's nothing against him, but this is going to be a great scene and the aftermaths are going to be fantastic to watch.In the preview, I think we saw Brienne kicking some assâ<U+0080>¦ Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for that also!The only really confusing thing for me is going to be, why would Arya not ask Jaqen to kill Tywin? In the book, she later regretted not choosing him, but there was nothing weird about it since he was not right in her face, as it is going to be in the showâ<U+0080>¦I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what HBO will do about thatâ<U+0080>¦
					
					
							Edited by Maroucia, 29 April 2012 - 02:35 PM.
2200	NewJeffCT	2012-04-29	I imagine this episode will begin with the aftermath of the pregnancy.My guess is the episode will start with Cat visiting Renly in his castle or tent, with Brienne there. (can't imagine Davos would need to row beneath the bowels of the tents?) They'll have their chat, and then shadow baby strikes, causing Cat & Brienne to flee.  They'll then flash to Davos & Mel rowing out from where ever they were.
2201	Jory	2012-04-29	+1It will make it all the better if it looks like Rob and Renly will allyWhy... ? I don't get the desire to change things that don't need to be changed. Renly wasn't a very sympathetic character, no. Please don't make him one for no reason, HBO.
2202	Mark Antony	2012-04-29	Why... ? I don't get the desire to change things that don't need to be changed. Renly wasn't a very sympathetic character, no. Please don't make him one for no reason, HBO.agree and that will make viewers hate Stannis not that they probably already don't. (i feel like i'm in the minority in being someone who's enjoyed this Stannis character)
					
					
							Edited by WuTangWesteros, 29 April 2012 - 03:03 PM.
2203	imladolen	2012-04-29	The Tickler wasn't that memorable here so if they do her inn scene later non-fans will probably forgot who he was...That sort of thing is EASILY fixed with those "Previously on Game of Thrones" sequences they put at the beginning of each episode. The people who only torrent the show to watch it might miss out on that (assuming the torrentable versions don't include that part), but do we really care about them??
2204	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-29	+1It will make it all the better if it looks like Rob and Renly will allyWhich will just further bludgeon us with  Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s super-annoying  idealism that good guys always lose and  nice guys always finish last.  Leave the stupid politics out of it. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s tedious, preachy, and unrealistic.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s also pretty fucking depressing.
2205	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-29	Is that the idealism? Assuming (and it is an assumption) that at the end the good guys end up surviving, isn't the idealism that really bad stuff will happen to good people, at really bad times, but that doesn't mean that evil will win in the end? Isn't that a reasonably realistic point of view? I don't even think Martin is that cynical, if we take the likes of Jordan, whom nobody would claim to write that kind of cynicism, both authors are willing to put their characters through similar emotional and physical trauma, it's just that GRRM kills some of his major ones. The underlying implication is that it willall end up OK in the end for both
2206	teemo	2012-04-29	First scene = Renly insta-death?
2207	Arkash	2012-04-29	I truly hope, of course, we'll have a little discussion between Cat and Renly before the death... but what I really want to see is Loras' fury and bloodthirst !
2208	Chelly	2012-04-29	I'm wondering if Renly will die immediately, too. I mean, what's the Shadow Baby been doing the whole time if Renly is not killed immediately? Playing solitaire in the cave?
I'm still not convinced show Loras is this skilled swordsman, so I would also like to see him rage and cut down some fellow knights. That would be a very cool added scene that we never got to see in the book.
2209	DragonAge93	2012-04-29	I don't think Renly's death will be in a castle, but in his command tent, as we see in the preview Brienne is fighting in his tent. So why did Davos go in the cave...? We'll find out in a few hours, I guess.
2210	Maester Hodor	2012-04-29	I can't wait for this episode!
It's so close, yet still so far away from airing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2211	Chelly	2012-04-29	I don't think Renly's death will be in a castle, but in his command tent, as we see in the preview Brienne is fighting in his tent. So why did Davos go in the cave...? We'll find out in a few hours, I guess.Yeah that too. I'm sure it will be explained. I'm also excited for some Jaqen! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> I can't wait to see more Jaqen and Arya interaction. Hopefully we get more Theon tonight, as well.I wonder if Jeyne will return this episode?
2212	J_Crews	2012-04-29	The only really confusing thing for me is going to be, why would Arya not ask Jaqen to kill Tywin? In the book, she later regretted not choosing him, but there was nothing weird about it since he was not right in her face, as it is going to be in the showâ<U+0080>¦I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what HBO will do about thatâ<U+0080>¦I think it'll be because, though he's an enemy, he won't be needlessly cruel in her presence.  Tywin is ruthless, but very intelligent, and rarely cruel (except with respect to Tyrion's emotions and other isolated incidents).  Even with something as heinous as the kiling of Rhaegar's children (which he believed was necessary, in order to prove House Lannister's loyalty to Robert), he was aghast at how barbarically it was carried-out.It won't be until later that she'll realize what a chance she missed to strike a blow in the war.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 29 April 2012 - 05:04 PM.
2213	Strider	2012-04-29	Why... ? I don't get the desire to change things that don't need to be changed. Renly wasn't a very sympathetic character, no. Please don't make him one for no reason, HBO.Because it makes for a better story!  Conformity to the book is not the be all and end all.  In the book it really doesn't matter whether Renly was North-friendly or not, but in the series it makes a more compelling story if he expresses his willingness to ally with Rob and then gets murdered.
2214	Dracarya	2012-04-29	So excited for Brienne to go all nuts in this episode. She's gonna kick some arse!
As for Arya not picking Tywin, I think it will still happen in a similar way to the book - like she'll see someone (not sure if they'll stick to the same characters as the book) doing something bad and instantly pick them, because it's at the forefront of her mind. She's still a child, after all.
					
					
							Edited by Dracarya, 29 April 2012 - 05:45 PM.
2215	bloocanary	2012-04-29	Jaqen can very well be a follower of the Lord of Light, or any other God however. Jaqen is not a faceless man. Jaqen is the persona that a faceless man wears. When that faceless man, whatever his name is, if he even remembers it, removes the persona of Jaqen, then yes, we would expect him to follow the religious orthodoxy of the FM. We should not expect that of the character he is 'wearing' at any one time. One could argue that he'd be a bad FM if his characteristics carried over in fact.I disagree that this is part of his disguise because he refers to him as "the Red God". If he were a worshipper of R'hllor, I think he would refer to him as R'hllor or the Lord of Light. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure only people outside the religion refer to him as the Red God and his worshippers the Red Priests.I'm of the opinion personally that Jaqen is not a disguise because of how upset he gets when Arya names him as her third death. If 'Jaqen H'ghar' was just an assumed name, he could easily have changed his face right then, said "There. Jaqen H'ghar is dead. Our debt is fulfilled," and then taken off to the Citadel.
2216	Crown	2012-04-29	I wish I lived in America. Going to sleep now, and wake up tomorrow and watch the episode then. Can't wait to see Brienne got nuts.
2217	imbs	2012-04-29	You guys do realise that Arya isnt aware that jaqen is a master face-changing assassin yet, right? From Arya's pov a random mysterious stranger, who has already been caught once, has offered to kill 3 people for her. Consider all the guards and security Tywin Lannister will have compared to the other lesser men. It would be really easy to have Arya not pick him and portray it as a decent decision. Better Cheswyck (sp?) and co. than no one.
					
					
							Edited by imbs, 29 April 2012 - 07:59 PM.
