nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2012-06-03	What'd you think?
2	Lord SnavE OtirB	2012-06-03	It wasnt bad, but...
Is nothing like the books anymore...
I rated it a 6
3	jdp13	2012-06-03	I give it a 9.  Really the only part that left me unsatisfied was the burning of Winterfell.  So much more emotional in the book.
4	Died a Hero	2012-06-03	9
Really the only thing that stopped this from being a ten was the house of the undying, but let's be honest, they've fucked Dany up so much this season, was anyone expecting anything less? I even liked her walking out of the Throne room to the other side of the wall, considering that's where her real war will be, but the way she was chained and killed Pyat Pree was just...I'm convinced D&D are part of the crew that hate Dany and are trying as hard as they can to make the T.V. folk do the same.
Anyway, on with the highs. I loved Stannis's scene. And for anyone who says it was out of character, just remember what we are told about his mind set during the first half of SOS. Theon's speech was great. So was his anger for the horn blower. I knew they were just going to let his men betray him, so it didn't bother me that we didn't get to see the Bastard of Bolton. (Not bastard, never bastard! You mustn't call him that!) The horse shitting made me laugh, just because so many diehards on this board argued they wanted to see it. The whole scene in the throne room was by the book, so that was great. I loved seeing the face change. For a second I thought they wouldn't show it. Without little grandfather I didn't expect the Stark boys to be split up, so nothing there. Jon's scene was rushed. The who thing with him and the Halfhand was D.A.B. I'm still pissed about Ghost too. I don't know why they already showed Littlefinger as Sanas savor, but T.V. wise I guess it works. Tyrion's scene with Shae was Emmy  worthy. His breakdown looked 100% real, unlike his scar...they better make that look better next season. Not noseless, I fully understand you can't do that, but how about make it look like it wont fall from his face if he turn's his head too fast. I liked the look of the Others better last season, but if we're going to be getting full views of them, you kinda have to lay the makeup on a bit differently. The CGI dead zombie folks looked great though.
As for the season as a whole, I'd give it a strong eight where last years was a outstanding ten. A Clash of Kings is a developing story, and probably the weakest of the series, but I was let down in someways regardless. Mainly because of Dany, who is my favorite in the book. If they fuck her Storm of Swords story up like they did this year...boy are they in trouble. She easily has the most interesting development in that story.
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 03 June 2012 - 11:08 PM.
5	Dongicus	2012-06-03	Rated it a eight. Wasn't too bad, glad that HoTU was cut down as that was probably one of the worst scenes in CoK. The scene with Dany in the throne room is very interesting.
6	Ser Frank Haven	2012-06-03	Stop your bitchin and be happy the stuck to the books unlike true blood
7	cooper56	2012-06-03	9Really the only thing that stopped this from being a ten was the house of the undying, but let's be honest, they've fucked Dany up so much this season, was anyone expecting anything less? I even liked her walking out of the Throne room to the other side of the wall, considering that's where her real war will be, but the way she was chained and killed Pyat Pree was just...I'm convinced D&D are part of the crew that hate Dany and are trying as hard as they can to make the T.V. folk do the same.Anyway, on with the highs. I loved Stannis's scene. And for anyone who says it was out of character, just remember what we are told about his mind set during the first half of SOS. Theon's speech was great. So was his anger for the horn blower. I knew they were just going to let his men betray him, so it didn't bother me that we didn't get to see the Bastard of Bolton. (Not bastard, never bastard! You mustn't call him that!) The horse shitting made me laugh, just because so many diehards on this board argued they wanted to see it. The whole scene in the throne room was by the book, so that was great. I loved seeing the face change. For a second I thought they wouldn't show it. Without little grandfather I didn't expect the Stark boys to be split up, so nothing there. Jon's scene was rushed. The who thing with him and the Halfhand was D.A.B. I'm still pissed about Ghost too. I don't know why they already showed Littlefinger as Sanas savor, but T.V. wise I guess it works. Tyrion's scene with Shae was Emmy  worthy. His breakdown looked 100% real, unlike his scar...they better make that look better next season. Not noseless, I fully understand you can't do that, but how about make it look like it wont fall from his face if he turn's his head too fast. I liked the look of the Others better last season, but if we're going to be getting full views of them, you kinda have to lay the makeup on a bit differently. The CGI dead zombie folks looked great though.As for the season as a whole, I'd give it a strong eight where last years was a outstanding ten. A Clash of Kings is a developing story, and probably the weakest of the series, but I was let down in someways regardless. Mainly because of Dany, who is my favorite in the book. If they fuck her Storm of Swords story up like they did this year...boy are they in trouble. She easily the most interesting in that story.Have to agree with this most of stuff was good dany stuff this sesason was just meh... She was so good in s1 i dont think its actor they are just doing her story badly.
8	Bee Diddie	2012-06-03	Absolutely horrible. Worst yet. I pride myself on having a high tolerance for the tv show changing certain elements, but was there a scene that was faithful to the book at all in this one?
This was just....really really bad.
9	wotad	2012-06-03	didnt read the books loved this episode best yet so a 10
10	Lord Godric	2012-06-03	8. It wasn't bad, and many of the characters had good stopping points.  However, the House of the Undying and the storyline in Qarth was lacking.  I wanted a lot more from the HotU, especially the prophecies.
I'm glad, however, that the White Walkers have been changed to be...y'know white.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 03 June 2012 - 11:28 PM.
11	Dongicus	2012-06-03	Absolutely horrible. Worst yet. I pride myself on having a high tolerance for the tv show changing certain elements, but was there a scene that was faithful to the book at all in this one?This was just....really really bad.[img]http://themescompany...aby-300x300.jpg[/img]
12	Uknownothing	2012-06-03	I think expecting the translation of a huge literary work to TV (or movie) to be completely faithful to the book is unrealistic.  I think if one keeps that in mind and appreciates the work for 'what it is' rather than for 'what it should be' viewing is much more enjoyable overall.  I find that many of the critics of the show are probably bitter because it seems they are doing a constant 'compare and contrast' in their heads, rather than just enjoying the show for its' entertainment factor.   I give the episode a 9.
13	_Oberyn_	2012-06-03	7. Barely, but very poor indeed. Arya Theon Sansa and Sam were ok rest was shite. It felt like an eternity of whores taking more screen time yet not even 30 seconds could be spared for Sir Bronn. Dany was just bolocks but that was expected and Jon there were four instances where the plastic swords were too fucking obvious, not during the fight.
14	CacauCinnamon	2012-06-03	Gave it an 8. Not as happy as I hoped to be... I really expected more of the House of the undying... 
The scene of Sansa being relieved from the wedding was perfect. Tyrion with Shae was lovely and, as a book reader... well, I should't comment on that! Still, lovely!
I'm not in love with all the changes within Arya's storyline... also, did Jaqen say the deaths were to the Red God in the books too? :/ because it does not fit with other stuff...I've read Clash of Kings last year and after reading all the others so fast, I think I end up forgetting some details... 
There were many things I really enjoyed, thing I didn't care much about (I was completely ok with the change on how  Winterfell burned, I thought it was a good way of gaining time...) and things I got quite disappointed with... 
Overall, though, I just can't wait for season 3.
15	nothatso	2012-06-03	I felt like, despite the departures from the books, it was solid TV. Except for the Jon storyline which was completely mishandled this season imo. The other departures I didn't feel altered character development quite as much.
Regardless, I enjoyed the episode.
As for the House of the Undying:
Does the snow on the throne represent Jon? Was Dany then shunning the throne to go beyond the wall and find her family in death? Did they just spoil the entire series?
16	TheHedgeWizard	2012-06-03	The brienne scene was absolutely brilliant. Enjoyed the majority of the episode besides that whole Robb and Talisa secret wedding. The House of the Undying was pretty decent, Drogo!!  But i thought we would of seen the actually Undying instead of just pyat pree roasted by dragon fire. The Jon/Qhorin scene could of been alot better in my opinion, one of my favorite parts of the book but not that great in the show. Overall it was a decent ending to the season. Now we play the waiting game till Season 3.
17	Eira Seren	2012-06-04	Am left curious as to the motivation for Halfhand picking a fight with Jon.  And does tv Jon just kill him because Halfhand attacked him and called his mother a whore?
Who burned Winterfell, and why, if there were no defenders?
Otherwise, enjoyed Ros and Varys, Valar Morghulis, and Brienne and Jamie.  It was really sweet of Dany to throw Pyat Pree a barbeque after everything he put her through.
18	J_Crews	2012-06-04	Who burned Winterfell, and why, if there were no defenders?Because that's what it says to do in the Medieval Warfare 101 textbook, under the heading "How to Sack a City/Castle."  You either occupy it or do your best to destroy it to deny it to others.  It doesn't matter that there were no defenders -- you round-up the populace, take everything of value that can be carried, then either murder everybody outright or march them off toork your fields, kitchens, etc..  Peasants, sadly, were treated as chattel, one step above outright slaves. It's pretty obvious to me Ramsey's men did the sacking, either after letting the Ironborn besides Theon go free (as Robb commanded), or, more likely, double-crossing them after they opened the gates to surrender.  I guess the Ironborn could have done it as a departing F U, but then where are Ramsey's 500 men who were previously besieging them?  I think Ramsey did it with the intent that it be blamed on the Ironborn.I gave this episode a 9, mostly because I have largely separated book and show in my mind into 2 separate entities; not totally, mind you -- they still have to bring the story to the same place, but if they go a slightly different route to get there, I'm fine with that.  The fact is that, as much as we book lovers b!tch about every little change, that criticism simply has no bearing on the average TV viewer.  Media buzz, ratings, and critical assessments are all still very positive.
					
					
							Edited by J_Crews, 04 June 2012 - 02:32 AM.
19	kephv	2012-06-04	Despite some grievances, I really loved the episode, especially the ending, so it's a 10 for me. I had already heard Rhaegar was gone and all the HotU stuff was original (and was disappointed but I honestly didn't expect anything less since how the season's been going so far), so I was wondering what they were going to put in place of it, and besides the last bit with Dany and the dragons, I did love the other segments with the Wall (it was really amazing seeing Dany actually walk there) and Throne room. I was a bit surprised to see Drogo again but thought that scene actually worked rather well. It was also great to finally see a White Walker -- loved the look, the ice spear, the slowly approaching hoard (setting up for the battle next season, which hopefully we'll get to see); the CGI there was fantastic.
I didn't at all like Jon's story this season. They completely blew it by having him captured and dragged along like an idiot. His fight with Qhorin was decent though, as was the last shot of the valley with the Wildings. I was severely disappointed Arya didn't kill anyone but Jaqen's fairwell was as good as I hoped it'd be. I was really satisfied with Theon this season and this last episode was another highlight for him. Great episode overall.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 04 June 2012 - 02:30 AM.
20	Nipz	2012-06-04	Rated it a eight. Wasn't too bad, glad that HoTU was cut down as that was probably one of the worst scenes in CoK. The scene with Dany in the throne room is very interesting. What?  Really?  I loved that scene in the book.  I'm just sorry it wasn't verbatim.  Still it was quite good.  All the hate around here, too.  I enjoyed that episode more than any other this season.  Yes, I've read the books, too.  I'll give it a 9 but I don't know what kind of rating system is going on when the show can get an 8 and still "suck".  The only thing this season, if I had one wish, I'd add would have been the Quorin/Jon adventure.  It kind of portrays Jon as a whining screw up, and I would have liked him and halfhand to have had their exchange in the cave.
21	Nipz	2012-06-04	dbl post
					
					
							Edited by Nipz, 04 June 2012 - 02:34 AM.
22	HyacinthGirl	2012-06-04	I find it unacceptable, and frankly insulting, that Tywin's horse did not shit at the foot of the Iron Throne, instead taking his dump before entering the hall. Why change this defining moment? The infernal writers have now ruined the character arc of everyone in the Throne room. There are so many layers and, dare I say, foreshadowing, as well as HINDshadowing to this striking moment in the books, and yet, the diabolical D & D ruined the entire series with the premature poop. Why, I ask you? I still retained hope for this travesty of an adaptation but this, fellow book purists, THIS felt like molten gold being poured over my head! I fell to the floor, wailing, cursing the old gods and the new! Where was Joffrey, "gingerly" stepping around the dung? I feel betrayed and sickened.
Wow. Felt blasphemous writing that. That was an awesome episode and I gave it a 10.
Stop playing spot the difference. It's fantastic television.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 04 June 2012 - 02:37 AM.
23	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I gave this an 8 for it was an outstanding piece of television... I was left as a book reader with considerable wanting though.
24	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-04	I gave it a 5/10.
All the points that were 'hard hitting' in the books were softened down in this episode... The LITE budget method of story telling. And oh yes, one last look at Ros' titts.
Should have had Tywin visit Tyrion and had Tywin say what Varys did. This is how we start wearing Tyrion down until he does you know what eventually!
HotU was lame! dragons could barely puff smoke and suddenly that guy fully catches fire. The execution of it was my main gripe. Too simple, too quick. Just flat. Why not make Drogon break his chain and fly at his face and then burn him? Make it exciting damn it! So Danny loses all her servant girls now too...
25	Lord of Long Lake	2012-06-04	Why are so many people so negative.  "Oh, they changed too much!"Apart from Dany, not a whole lot was changed, and that's because they needed her featured more prominently after such a great season 1.All the character development, arcs, emotions, feelings, etc. are all exactly the same as in the book.  I thought Tyrion/Shae was an amazing scene that was better than the book.Theon showed remorse and desperation, just like the book; Arya developed due to the difficult situations she was put in and frankly, interacting with Tywin makes for better TV than getting beaten by a dumb chef; Jon talked with Ygritte, learnt about the Wildlings, and killed the Halfhand, albeit without Ghost (which was the only thing I was disappointed by) and showed how he was torn between serving the Halfhand and trying to fight the Wildlings; Sasha/Petyr seeds were planted for season 3 with Petyr's motivations revealed; Brienne and Jaime furthered their relationship meaning more screen time for everyone's favorite couple; Robb married the Westerling/Volantis girl which we got to see for the very first time; and we got to see A FREAKING OTHER!!! btw, Dany's dragons, for the first time ever, used their fire to burn the hotu, just like the books! (oh, I'm sorry, all three dragons were there instead, meaning there was more fire than in the books).Great season, great child actors (not given enough credit I believe since most child actors suck), great production quality for a TV show, amazing characters, and an amazing story.  Even if it varies slightly, the story isn't diminished.  Martin, who wrote the episode last week, made changes. Please just try to enjoy and stop being so negative at every slight little detail that is changed because one day, the show will no longer be on air and every single person on the forum, and every fan of the book and/or show will think, "Damn, that was one of the best shows on TV, and I complained about every tiny detail almost the whole time it was on air."  the episode may not have been a 10/10, but the season as a whole has been a whole lot better than Glee (which I will never watch) or whatever bs is on TV these days.Last thing... season 3.... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
26	antisocial	2012-06-04	It was okay episode. I dont think it was a good episode to end the season on. No really great cliff hangers to keep people talking about it till next season.
Im not overly happy with the Jons scenes. It was just really underwelmling.
Aryas was also just kinda meh.
Dannys wasnt that bad. About what I expected.
Absolutly loved the Brienne scene. She has a little bit of a vengence streak that I like.
And Stannis and Melisandre. That was a great rewrite, and a great scene.
And poor Theon, another great Alfie moment. He really deserves to be nominated.
Now the White Walkers, okay like the way they looked. But giving them a Nazgul scream...really, really thats the best they could do is literally rip the audio right out of the Lord of the Rings and reuse it. So fucking disappointed with that...
Honestly when I watch that again once it comes out on video, I'll just hit the stop button right before that part. God really, Nazgul...nothing that even remotely sound like "winter", pfft.
Just kinda a shoulder shrugging episode.
27	Javi Marcos	2012-06-04	A great 9
And that is because I've read the books, and I know that a A Clash of Kings> Season 2 of GoT
If I had'nt read the books I'd have given it a 10. Great TV.
28	drigoly	2012-06-04	5, dany/jon/stannis storyline was fucked up hard with this episode
29	David C. Hunter	2012-06-04	Despite some grievances, I really loved the episode, especially the ending, so it's a 10 for me. I had already heard Rhaegar was gone and all the HotU stuff was original (and was disappointed but I honestly didn't expect anything less since how the season's been going so far), so I was wondering what they were going to put in place of it, and besides the last bit with Dany and the dragons, I did love the other segments with the Wall (it was really amazing seeing Dany actually walk there) and Throne room. I was a bit surprised to see Drogo again but thought that scene actually worked rather well. It was also great to finally see a White Walker -- loved the look, the ice spear, the slowly approaching hoard (setting up for the battle next season, which hopefully we'll get to see); the CGI there was fantastic.I didn't at all like Jon's story this season. They completely blew it by having him captured and dragged along like an idiot. His fight with Qhorin was decent though, as was the last shot of the valley with the Wildings. I was severely disappointed Arya didn't kill anyone but Jaqen's fairwell was as good as I hoped it'd be. I was really satisfied with Theon this season and this last episode was another highlight for him. Great episode overall.I agree with this. I give it a 10 as well. I really, really loved the ending for Dany, White Walkers and Master Luwin.
30	Jussi	2012-06-04	10.My second favourite episode after Blackwater. Really enjoyed the House of the Undying sequence. In my opinion the season 2 was much stronger than the first one.
31	duncanthemedium	2012-06-04	I think this is a universal verdict: Jon and Dany were not handled in the best possible way this season. Apart from that though everything else was absolutely brilliant. I am really excited about seeing more of Stannis/Mel and Brienne/Jaime. Arya and Bran were amazing as they were in the last season too. And Tyrion is his brilliant self as always.
 Can't wait for season 3. Until then, I'll let dreams of Margaery's neckline sustain me... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
32	Ser Leo Targaryen	2012-06-04	I gave it a 5.
I know... a bit harsh! It was a good season, overall! But this episode for me was just a lackluster!
The house of the undying was when I first put together the whole L+R=J theory, that I later came to find out that it was pretty popular, when I joined this forum...
I know it's just a theory, but I came to accept it as almost truth, and I really wanted to see how the series was gonna deal with that... 
Ignoring the whole passage was just a big disappointment.
Also, all of the ones loyal to Dany were betraying her or dying. I mean... it's interesting, but her life was already hard enough with the few friends she had!
Another thing was the burning of winterfell! That moment was hugely emotional for me. And in the series it was treated as "whatever". They burned the castle! Eh...
Other than that, the episode was nice! Jaqen was great! And so was Tyrion! And really, I just love Natalie Dormer!
And as for the splitting of the Stark kids, here's to hoping they'll introduce the Reeds next season to promote that! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
33	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-04	I gave it a 10. Was I disappointed with the House of the Undying? Yes, of course. But they completely changed her motives for going there anyway (book - wanted help; show - wanted her dragons back), so all things considered it wasn't a bad scene. Dany's scenes were definitely the highlight of the episode for me, though. Burning Pyat Pree? Amazing. Becoming a true Dothraki and stealing from Xaro? The best.
The scenes in the House of the Undying were very interesting. The throne room in King's Landing empty and filled with snow? Dany visiting her husband beyond the wall? I hope both are foreshadowing some future events. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It was also nice to see Dany on some of the Westeros sets for once!
The scene with Luwin by the heart tree was everything I feared it would be. I have to say it was probably the saddest moment from both seasons combined for me.
34	LanniSlayer	2012-06-04	I find it unacceptable, and frankly insulting, that Tywin's horse did not shit at the foot of the Iron Throne, instead taking his dump before entering the hall. Why change this defining moment? The infernal writers have now ruined the character arc of everyone in the Throne room. There are so many layers and, dare I say, foreshadowing, as well as HINDshadowing to this striking moment in the books, and yet, the diabolical D & D ruined the entire series with the premature poop. Why, I ask you? I still retained hope for this travesty of an adaptation but this, fellow book purists, THIS felt like molten gold being poured over my head! I fell to the floor, wailing, cursing the old gods and the new! Where was Joffrey, "gingerly" stepping around the dung? I feel betrayed and sickened.Wow. Felt blasphemous writing that. That was an awesome episode and I gave it a 10.Stop playing spot the difference. It's fantastic television.I love this /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
35	duncanthemedium	2012-06-04	The scene with Luwin by the heart tree was everything I feared it would be. I have to say it was probably the saddest moment from both seasons combined for me.Really? Even Ned's head being chopped off? JK, I totally get it...I gave the episode an 8 (minus points for the HOTU and Jon/Qhorin storylines)I give the season a 8.8 which is an average of the ratings I've been giving the episodes throughout the season. Those are solid TV numbers imo. (three 8s, six 9s,one 10) Bring it on, season 3!!!
36	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-04	For me its not so much about 'spot the difference' but rather some things being much better in the books than in the show. The characters were developed better in the books with fantastic dialogue that was left out of tv for no reason. The hard hitting scenes were quite impacting in the books whereas in the show it was just meh, and some of my non-book friends were left wondering what was going on or why this or that happened. This is a fault of directing and storytelling.
37	White Raven	2012-06-04	I gave it a 10. I enjoyed this episode very much and voted here before reading the discussion so that no negative comments could influence it.
38	Bride of Winter	2012-06-04	5/10 would be generous. I can't even recognize my favorite series in this show anymore.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 04 June 2012 - 09:35 AM.
39	King Rickon	2012-06-04	I really enjoyed how they took time for lots of dialog without action.  You got to really understand the characters and what they're about.  Usually a tv show doesn't take time for such depth (like the secenes with Tyrion & Shae, Luwin and the Stark kids, Ros & Vrys, etc.).  I thought the scene in the House of the Undying was boring and slow.  But it sucked in the book, too.  I'm not a Dany fan.  I really wish that Qhorin had given Jon the instructions to live and fight with the wildlings, as Jon tends to repeat them to himself during his long journey with them and it totally provides his motivation.
40	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	Really CBA with pros and cons really.
Roughly a 7 as a TV show, a 3 in terms of being faithful to the books.
Lot of the changes piss me off now, I really think I need to start separating myself from the books mentally.
41	The Ragged Man	2012-06-04	I give it an 8.25. I enjoyed seeing Khal Drogo again.
42	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	A whopping 10!
If it hadn't been for a certain scene in KL I would've given this episode a 9.
But Sansa, little dove, your smile made my heart melt :')
43	Mexal	2012-06-04	I gave it a 7 but to be honest, my biggest issues with this series has nothing to do with the changes (though I do miss all the myth/history but I assume at some point they'll get to it) but the storytelling structure. The best episodes have been the ones where it's tightly focused, where only 2-3 stories are being told instead of 5 minutes spent on each story. I want more of those. Every episode that features all the stories is comparably weaker to the stories that are tighter (episode 3 and 9 are great examples of this).
If that doesn't change, I will continue to be underwhelmed for part of the season.
44	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	Really CBA with pros and cons really.
Roughly a 7 as a TV show, a 3 in terms of being faithful to the books.
Lot of the changes piss me off now, I really think I need to start separating myself from the books mentally.
45	BinkyBonks	2012-06-04	Awful, absolutely awful. There are so many changes from the book, and all of them are terrible. The Bastard of Bolton doesn't sack Winterfell. The Maester Luwin scene is bungled, and he looks full of vitality even though he's supposed to be dying, and this would be confusing for non-book-readers. The House of the Undying is just pathetic. The conclusion to the Qarth part of the series -- with Danaerys storming the city with a few men -- is absurd. Ghost doesn't intervene in the fight with Qhorin Halfhand; the dire wolves were almost entirely absent this season. Samwell hides behind a rock in the midst of an undead horde, which is goofy and unnecessary (he could have watched from a cliff). Shae is being presented as humane, when she's supposed to be presented as materialistic. I could go on and on.
The excuse that they have to cover so much ground in a single episode is not enough to get them off the hook for this. They could have easily had the Bolton men instead of Pyke men sack Winterfell, for example. They keep taking liberties, and all these liberties are stupid.  Instead of trying to translate a work of genius as well as possible to television, they are trying to improve upon it. Predictably, they're failing.
					
					
							Edited by BinkyBonks, 04 June 2012 - 10:20 AM.
46	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	Awful, absolutely awful. There are so many changes from the book, and all of them are terrible. The Bastard of Bolton doesn't sack Winterfell. The Maester Ludwin scene is bungled, and he looks full of vitality even though he's supposed to be dying, and this would be confusing for non-book-readers. The House of the Undying is just pathetic. The conclusion to the Qarth part of the series -- with Danaerys storming the city with a few men -- is absurd. Ghost doesn't intervene in the fight with Qhorin Halfhand; the dire wolves were almost entirely absent this season. Samwell hides behind a rock in the midst of an undead horde, which is goofy and unnecessary (he could have watched from a cliff).*Luwin /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />And Sam is myopic, so him watching well, anything from a faraway cliff doesn't make sense.
47	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Only a 4, I'm afraid I will compete all episodes with Blackwater from now on
48	Tadco26	2012-06-04	How did Dany and her "kalasar" of ~ a dozen people take over the house of the King of Qarth?  He has no guards?  Sam is just overlooked by the white walkers and their army of zombies?  They let Jon go because Qhorin attacked him?  Jon hasn't even said he wants to join them yet and now he is free, at the Lord of Bones suggestion?  Is Pyat the only warlock in the order?  I'm curious why they even bothered with Ser Dontas in episode one and haven't had a scene with him since, while Littlefinger has already offered to take Sansa home.  Did Varys recruiting Ros really warrant that much screen time?  I don't think the scene was bad if you have unlimited screen time, but I also don't see what it added considering how one of the main defenses of changes to the book is they don't have enough time to fit it all in.
49	Sanette	2012-06-04	5/10 and I'm being nice.
What the hell was that? Is this still an adaptation of ASoIAF or some entirely different book because this is how it looks like. Boring, anti-climatic episode that just continues to change the characters and the whole show is getting dumber and dumber. They left so many important things out (Winterfell, Jon, Dany, Robb) that the logic just went to hell. Who burnt down Winterfell? Why didn't Bran and Rickon go with the northmen? The viewers don't know it was Ramsey so it doesn't make sense. Why did Dany act like a psycho and killed her last handmaiden? Jon killing the Halfhand looked like he acted on self-defence and not on an order. They made Robb look like an arrogant idiot who doesn't value his mother's advice and just do what the hell he wants. I just can't with this season. And don't even let me start on the HOTU mess.
50	Apoapsis	2012-06-04	This was definitely the weakest episode so far, of both series. Not because they changed so much from the books - I don't particularly care about that - but because it was just bad. All the emotional bits were just ridiculous - Tyrion and Shae, Robb and Mrs Robb, Dany and Drogo. None of those scenes were really needed. Well, maybe the wedding scene was but it was crap anyway.I watched last series in more or less one go since I didn't even know it existed until it had almost finished airing. I was planning to do the same with this one since I really don't like having to wait between episodes, but curiousity got the better of me. Hopefully remembering this episode will make it easier to wait for the third series to finish before I start watching it.
51	TyrionTargaryen	2012-06-04	Stop being a bunch of nerds. When are you going to get it in your heads that this is an adaptation? Call the WHAAAMMMBULLLLAANCCCEEEE. Never seen a bunch of crybabies whine as much as this. Here, have some cheese with it.
It was an amazing episode. It was no Blackwater but I give this one a 9. That throne room scene in winter and Khal Drogo in that tent was 100x better than the silly visions of rat faced dudes raping a girl and a baby Rhaegar.
52	hatbar	2012-06-04	I give it a 9, thought it was a very strong episode to end the season. This is the only episode this season that I have actually cared about Dany and wanted to watch what happens with her and I hope they use her a bit better in season 3 (roll on season 3!). I thought Bran and co leaving Winterfell was extrememly sad meaning that there is no Starks there anymore. I think Robb and Cat should know by now that Bran and Rickon are 'dead' I thought that would come this season.
I had to knock one off though because it wasn't as good as Blackwater and the end of Theon's arc was a bit naff after such a brilliant build up.
53	musiclover7	2012-06-04	I gave this episode a 6.  In my opinion, there was enough content here to warrent two episodes.  It gets a 6 from me mainly because it felt rushed, and important happenings were just sort of glossed over, or completely left out.  Yeah, I like many think the Danny story was really messed up in this series.  I can understand them needing to spice it up a bit for TV, but the fact that they added new content at the expense of other more crucial content, sort of spoiled it.  I guess she does not get to know that she will be betrayed 3 times in the TV series.  That whole scene where her dragons set fire to the warlock was poorly shot to such an extent that it was unbelievable.  I don't know why the decided to change Johns story around so much either.  Would have been better if he and the half hand were trapped like they were in the story, and had more chance to dialogue.  It was not an easy decision for him to (betray his vows) pose as a wildling in the book, and he would not have come to the decision at all if it were not from the strong assistance of the half hand.  So they added stupid content at the expense of important content.
Now for the burning of Winterfell.  How did that happen according to the TV series?  Anyone know?  It just sort of happened...  too rushed.  I guess we will get the answers to that one next season.  The Tyrion scene was good, as was the scene with Theon.  The Throne room scene was well done.  I guess beggars can't be choosers.  I am personally just stoked to get to see this story made into a motion picture at all, but that said, I feel the need to offer critique where critique is needed.  So far they have done an awesome job.  This last episode came up short imo..
54	Sanette	2012-06-04	Stop being a bunch of nerds. When are you going to get it in your heads that this is an adaptation? Call the WHAAAMMMBULLLLAANCCCEEEE. Never seen a bunch of crybabies whine as much as this. Here, have some cheese with it.It was an amazing episode. It was no Blackwater but I give this one a 9. That throne room scene in winter and Khal Drogo in that tent was 100x better than the silly visions of rat faced dudes raping a girl and a baby Rhaegar.I don't care how many events from the books they change as long as the character developement stays the same. This is why we all love the books is it not? So when they make Jon look like a stupid retard I'm going to be pissed. I've seen so many films and tv shows that I can see the faults and clichA©s and this episode had plenty of them. Everyone has a right to have an opinion. Just because yours is different to mine doesn't meant it's right. And I don't think that seeing dead Drogo being emotional is better than seeing prophecies that play a huge part in the whole series.
55	BinkyBonks	2012-06-04	Stop being a bunch of nerds. When are you going to get it in your heads that this is an adaptation?We're not being nerds or crybabies, it's just an awful, terrible episode. They're taking too many liberties which aren't necessary.
56	sumpthy	2012-06-04	Was going to give it a 9, then watched Mad Men and adjusted down to an 8. I think all the people throwing a conniption over every minor change should probably be watching a different show because you're going to give yourself high blood pressure.
With regards to the prophecies not being shown. They'd be far, far more obvious in visual format than they are written down.
					
					
							Edited by sumpthy, 04 June 2012 - 10:40 AM.
57	smithy	2012-06-04	It wasnt bad, but...Is nothing like the books anymore...I rated it a 6You know , expecting a TV series that is limited to 10 episodes per season that run on average for less than 60 minutes per episode to be completely faithful to the books is a little unrealistic , truth be told the only way they would even come close to keeping the story completely faithful to the books is by making each episode a 2 to 3 hour long feature film with a budget to match , pretty unrealistic if you ask me. If you are finding the whole viewing experience so bad why even bother to put yourself through it every week? why not just re-read the books and stop with the constant unreasonable expectations?  X_X
58	jamesellaby	2012-06-04	Here's my review (again, I've never read the books, I should point out, so approach it from a purely TV viewer perspective). I'd give it an 8, by the way: http://www.newadvent...sode-10-review/
59	gogorath	2012-06-04	Absolutely horrible. Worst yet. I pride myself on having a high tolerance for the tv show changing certain elements, but was there a scene that was faithful to the book at all in this one?This was just....really really bad.Just by virtue of your reaction to this episode, I think it's pretty clear you don't have a high tolerance.  Not saying your opinion doesn't count, but cmon.  There were plenty of changes, but most people are not having this reaction.The Throne Room scene, for example, was pretty darn close, even if you are a perfect literalist.  Most of the other stuff outside of Jon and Dany were thematically consistent if not with every single detail (Arya and Jaqen, Tyrion and Varys before Shae comes in, Theon and Lewin, etc.).  Your level of tolerance for the small details is showing there.
60	gogorath	2012-06-04	Gave it a 9.  Really enjoy Alan Taylor's work.
Unfortunately, the only thing I struggled with was the effects in the ending - I was neither overly impressed with the dragonfire or the White Walkers.  I would have preferred the latter stay off screen.  Jon's sequence was rushed as well, but everything else was so wonderfully done to me it still hung a nine.  I haven't rewatched yet; I may be more tolerant of the effects then.
61	Ser Hollard	2012-06-04	I feel like they are trying to give the book readers something new while gutting the important parts: 4/10Step 1 Kill Ros.  Don't waste screen time making her into a full character then whine that there isn't enough time for the important things.-Tyrion/Shae.  It's obvious now that that want Shae to be a full character and not a whore.  She is a whore, and its kinda important to her arc that she loves shiny things.  Gotta love the acting, but the emotion was wrong at this point.  It suggests that the up coming betrayal might not happen and that Shae might be some kind of pressure point that Tyrion gets pressed on, rather than her being a fulcrum for Tyrions twang.Oh wait, maybe that's too misogynistic for an HBO audience?That's why you have Brienne, Catlyn, Arya, Ygritte and Melisandre.   And maybe Cersei.-Stannis/Melisandre  I liked this scene, but I was very conscious of the time it took up in the episode.  It felt like something that could have waited till season 3.  Or, y'know never shown.-Jon and the Half-fail.  I have to wonder why they spent as much screne time screwing this plotline up as they could have just showing it the way it happened.  In the books this was a great plotline about the hunters being the hunted.-House of the Undying.  I really hope they show this in Season 3, rather than just the Privy of Prayt Prye.  Again, I liked what they showed, but they could have cut the two scenes we got from ep 8 & 9 with Dany wringing her hands about stolen dragons to show us the freaking prophesies.  I mean, they are kinda important for her continuing arc and the overarching theme of what's going on.This makes me hope even more for a sort of 'prequel' episode that explains Robert's rebellion and gives some backstory.
62	Greyjoy67	2012-06-04	Another case where all the low voters are commenting whereas all the high voters do not. Let's hear more praise, balance it out! 
Also, Ran (or whoever), I'd be interested in seeing the average score for each of the episodes on here! Episode 9 seems to be ridiculously higher than any other episode. 
PROS - Tyrion, Sansa/Tywin/Margaery/Joffrey scene, Emilia Clarke's acting, Theon and Luwin's scene together, Jon and Qhorin's fight (@ people saying "HE NEVER INSTRUCTED HIM) - I'm sorry, but it WAS just about obvious enough in ep8 that Qhorin had told Jon what to do.)
CONS - Sack of Winterfell could have tugged at heartstrings more - more shots of the ruins, perhaps even shots of the Boltons approaching (a hidden bastard maybe?) before they burned the place. And Theon being knocked out was fine as a change but really rushed. Also, HOTU needed a better pay-off - prophecies. That masked woman should have had a plot point...
Anyway, I felt that a lot of the changes were unnecessary in this episode, and that's actually the first time I've said that this series. Blackwater was so epic and well done, it was almost as if the series had learned its lesson and finally reached its zenith, and then boom we slip slightly down again. When I say down... Episode 8 was a big disappointment for me after eps 6 and 7 which were probably my favourites alongside Ep9. I just think that the vast number of storylines could have reached their climaxes at different points and allocated at different points (ep 8 desperately needed something big to keep the momentum going after 6 and 7). 
I'm babbling. In a nutshell, too much cutting between scenes and too many big book moments given barely any screen time. BUT, I'd still give it an 8. As I've said before, even the weakest episodes of the series (for all the familiar problems), were frequently exciting. Yes, I felt a bit irritated at the slight plot changes, especially in Daenerys' storyline, but I still couldn't take my eyes off it. Series 2 wasn't as faithful to the book as Series 1, but is was just as if not more riveting as television.
Hopefully, with series 3/4 covering SoS, they manage to get the balance JUST right next series.
63	Greyjoy67	2012-06-04	Oh, and I nearly forgot, the main White Walker looked absolutely badass. Whatever anyone says.
64	Bloodraven's Lost Eye	2012-06-04	I don't understand why some things are done differently than from the books, especially the parts above the wall... basically from the moment Jon meets Ygritte it's all done differently, however I don't see the point at all.
The attack on the fist was completely unsatisfying, the 'Others' didn't seem scary at all, he just looked like a whitepainted ruffian, they shouldn't be naked and with wild hair IMHO, I imagined them statuesque with ice-armor and the wights were just zombies, in the books they actually kick ass and are fast, the suspense of the three blasts was entirely lost on me. Why was it filmed by day? The way it was filmed felt like yet another stupid zombie B-movie, zooming out over the crawling zombies... I don't mean to be too harsh, but I just don't understand any of the decisions they made at all concerning the parts above the wall, to me the way it was written in the books was perfectly translatable to the series. They also missed out on Jon's warging dream...
It's like the director of this episode couldn't admit GRRM wrote the novels extremely well and just HAD to do it differently, like a little child.
I'm waiting to see what my non-reader friends think of this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Bloodraven's Lost Eye, 04 June 2012 - 11:17 AM.
65	pleonasm	2012-06-04	I gave it a 2 out of 10. At this point, I don't care about the book/tv series changes, but just that they tell the story well. Unfortunately, other than a few moments, this was an inepty produced and written piece of television.
I laughed during the cliffhanger scene with the White Walkers. Was this supposed to be scary or threatening? It was cartoon like. Generally, they have avoided using bad CGI, but this was non premium cable quality. If you can't afford to do it right, less is more!
I did like the beginning of the House of the Undying, especially the Throne Room, but after that it just fell flat for me. Doreah's betrayal was underwritten so it lacked any meaningful impact.
Robb's marriage - Uggh. Just for love? That makes sense. How does the first born of Winterfell, heir apparent of Ned Stark, not realize his marriage was always going to be political. D&D did know favors to this character this year with this inept storyline. At least take the time to provide some underlying motivation or rationale for this decision, beyond I have fallen for her.
Winterfell and Theon - This has been one of the few highlights of the season, but why is Winterfell burning? What happened to the Northmen surrounding the castle? How do Bran & company wander around with no one seeing them? Lets not think about it too much, they producers obviously didn't.
And in the midst of this trainwreck, at least we know Ros remains unscathed. Sweet! Sarcasm fully intended.
66	hombay	2012-06-04	Worst episode of the series. First half was excellent, but I felt that there were too many strange things that happened which either felt poorly handled(sacking of Winterfell, Qhorin's death) or jarred with the feeling of the series(last scene with the WW and the zombies felt very.. out of place. Also, why don't they just kill Sam?)
4/10. Very disappointed since Blackwater was the best episode of the series.
67	Chelly	2012-06-04	I gave it a 9. Although I would have liked some prophecy or even a mention of "A Song of Ice and Fire" in the HoTU, it was nice seeing Drogo again. I was not expecting that.
Maester Luwin /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> - I cried during that scene.
Jaime/Brienne was great. Brienne is so cool.
3 horn blasts. Is it season 3 yet?
68	Ser Graymax	2012-06-04	An 8 but barely.
Soo much good, so much Meh.  Still some of the best TV available so Ill leave out my dislikes.
Heart tree - The set was fantastic, just as I pictured the weir and the godswoods.
Lord Varys - So perfect for the part, fantastic voice and diction.
Brienne - Dont fu*k with her.
Theon - So much better than the book, Alfie is slightly crazy lookin, gave a great speech till he was betrayed (note to self-never trust an Ironborn) and Id help him kill that hornblower.
Tywin/the horse/Maergery - Yea!  Beauty and the beasts.  A Queen?  The Queen!
Face change - Jaqen is no more.
Tyrion and Pycelle - He should have cut off more than his beard and fed it to the goats.
Thought the episode would end with Jaimies great loss but now we still have it to look forward to and prehaps the appearance of the Goat.
Afterthought for the older viewers:  Does Osha remind you of Richard Nixon?
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 04 June 2012 - 12:13 PM.
69	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	Robb's marriage - Uggh. Just for love? That makes sense. How does the first born of Winterfell, heir apparent of Ned Stark, not realize his marriage was always going to be political. D&D did know favors to this character this year with this inept storyline. At least take the time to provide some underlying motivation or rationale for this decision, beyond I have fallen for her.But what was the rationale for Jeyne Westerling?  Wasn't it really just love there as well?  I actually thought this was something they did well.  Robb's relationship with Jeyne occured mostly "off-screen" in the books, so him showing up with this new wife was even less justifiable.  At least they gave this woman enough screentime and appeal (the avoiding slavery/helping people was a nice touch) that you could see how Robb might fall for her.And in the midst of this trainwreck, at least we know Ros remains unscathed. Sweet! Sarcasm fully intended.I couldn't stand Ros' screen time last season.  This season, however, it makes a lot more sense.  She is essentially the surrogate, or maybe the embodiment, of the ongoing machinations between Littlefinger and Varys, and I think the scene with her and Varys really worked for that purpose.  She's an illustration about how those two guys are constantly battling it out beneath the surface.Gave it an 8, btw.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 12:15 PM.
70	Corvinus	2012-06-04	8/10
This episodes had ups and downs. One definite up was the last scene. All morning the "Three Blasts" theme played in my head, as did that image of the Other. The House of the Undying was not bad, especially the image of the throne room, because that is how I imagine it will look like at one point before the end of the series.
Worst parts: the sack of Winterfell and the ruining of Robb's character (and as always Ros)
71	TyrionTargaryen	2012-06-04	We're not being nerds or crybabies, it's just an awful, terrible episode. They're taking too many liberties which aren't necessary.No, you are. You purists disgust me. I have read this series at least 4 times (ADwD only once so far and AFfC twice) and am absoultely enjoying the fact that they are adding new things and changing from the books. It would be boring if you knew every single event that happened at every given moment. It's fun not seeing the EXACT same thing that we all have read over and over again.Enjoy it for what it is. The entire story heart is still there if you just stopped looking for everything to shit on. I bet when it comes down to AFfC and ADwD commingled story you won't bitch or complain about changing stuff then. Yeah, the Jon Snow and Qhorin was less brilliant than the book. Big deal, life goes on.
72	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2012-06-04	I gave this one an 8. I was recently out of town and away from my books and I found it much easier then to separate the books from the series...I really do try to see things from the writing/adapting point of view but I just did not like the HotU or the last scene very much.
But no matter what changes are made, Tyrion is ALWAYS fantastic and Alfie Allen knocked Theon out of the park yet again.
Now I have til next April to get my non-reading partner caught up word for word for season 3 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Watcher_inthe_Woods, 04 June 2012 - 12:28 PM.
73	Conchobar	2012-06-04	Awful, absolutely awful. There are so many changes from the book, and all of them are terrible. The Bastard of Bolton doesn't sack Winterfell. The Maester Luwin scene is bungled, and he looks full of vitality even though he's supposed to be dying, and this would be confusing for non-book-readers. The House of the Undying is just pathetic. The conclusion to the Qarth part of the series -- with Danaerys storming the city with a few men -- is absurd. Ghost doesn't intervene in the fight with Qhorin Halfhand; the dire wolves were almost entirely absent this season. Samwell hides behind a rock in the midst of an undead horde, which is goofy and unnecessary (he could have watched from a cliff). Shae is being presented as humane, when she's supposed to be presented as materialistic. I could go on and on.The excuse that they have to cover so much ground in a single episode is not enough to get them off the hook for this. They could have easily had the Bolton men instead of Pyke men sack Winterfell, for example. They keep taking liberties, and all these liberties are stupid.  Instead of trying to translate a work of genius as well as possible to television, they are trying to improve upon it. Predictably, they're failing.The pyke men didn't sack Winterfell. The Bolton men did. The Pyke men went out of the city expecting to be spared and were butchered. The Bolton men rode in and burned the city.
74	Conchobar	2012-06-04	I find it unacceptable, and frankly insulting, that Tywin's horse did not shit at the foot of the Iron Throne, instead taking his dump before entering the hall. Why change this defining moment? The infernal writers have now ruined the character arc of everyone in the Throne room. There are so many layers and, dare I say, foreshadowing, as well as HINDshadowing to this striking moment in the books, and yet, the diabolical D & D ruined the entire series with the premature poop. Why, I ask you? I still retained hope for this travesty of an adaptation but this, fellow book purists, THIS felt like molten gold being poured over my head! I fell to the floor, wailing, cursing the old gods and the new! Where was Joffrey, "gingerly" stepping around the dung? I feel betrayed and sickened.Wow. Felt blasphemous writing that. That was an awesome episode and I gave it a 10.Stop playing spot the difference. It's fantastic television.Marry me.
75	anikitin	2012-06-04	Gave it a 5.
After a near-perfect "Blackwater" episode, this one just felt lame. I don't really care about changes from the books (if you want it to be like the books, read the books!), but I do want the story to make sense.
The HotU felt Hollywood-ly ridiculous - one moment, Pyat Pree boasts about how the dragons give him power, next moment he gets roasted by them. Seriously?
Also, I would have thought the King of Qarth would have enough bodyguards to at least give him some time to escape the mansion and not get captured sleeping in his bedchamber!
The stuff beyond the Wall is even worse. I don't really like book-Jon, but at least he has some good qualities. Tv-Jon is just a dumb, spoiled brat with a cool sword and an awesome direwolf. The Qhorin plotline was pretty useless from the start and came to a fitting end - Jon did not carry out Qhorin's last order, he just killed him because Qhorin called his mother a whore.
As for the "Zombie Apocalypse", while decently done, it certainly has NO place in the season finale of a show named "Game of Thrones".
I guess I will still be waiting for S3, but I expect something of Spartacus level - nice fighting scenes, nice tits, nice CGI, just dumb fun.
76	She-Ra	2012-06-04	Please just try to enjoy and stop being so negative at every slight little detail that is changed because one day, the show will no longer be on air and every single person on the forum, and every fan of the book and/or show will think, "Damn, that was one of the best shows on TV, and I complained about every tiny detail almost the whole time it was on air."  the episode may not have been a 10/10, but the season as a whole has been a whole lot better than Glee (which I will never watch) or whatever bs is on TV these days.Last thing... season 3.... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />Oh yes. There is very little good tv these days. Thank goodness for HBO OnDemand AND HBO-GO
77	Corvinus	2012-06-04	The pyke men didn't sack Winterfell. The Bolton men did. The Pyke men went out of the city expecting to be spared and were butchered. The Bolton men rode in and burned the city.How do you know? There is no evidence of this in the show.
78	pleonasm	2012-06-04	But what was the rationale for Jeyne Westerling?  Wasn't it really just love there as well?  I actually thought this was something they did well.  Robb's relationship with Jeyne occured mostly "off-screen" in the books, so him showing up with this new wife was even less justifiable.  At least they gave this woman enough screentime and appeal (the avoiding slavery/helping people was a nice touch) that you could see how Robb might fall for her.Robb married Jeyne Westerling because of honour (shades of his father). After learning of the deaths of Bran and Rickon, Jeyne comforted him, which led to both of them having sex for the first time. Jeyne's marriage prospects would have been greatly diminished given she had slept with someone. Its a huge mistake, nonetheless, its completely in character for someone raised by Ned Stark.I thought they might play the pregnancy card and have Robb not wanting to have a basterd. Not wanting to make his father's mistake. That at least would have some rationale given how he knew Jon was treated by his mother.But simply for love makes no sense. Marriage for highborns was never about love. Robb as the eldest and heir to Winterfell would have understood this the most.
79	House Balstroko	2012-06-04	I'd give it an 8.
The Good
-The scene with Joffrey in the throne room was spot on, though it would have been nice to see Stannis subjects proclaiming Joffrey false.
-Theon's scenes and the burning of Winterfell was also well done.
-I'm glad they included the part where Jaime and Brienne finding the hanging corpses.
- I don't see why they changed the Jon and Qhorin scene from the book, but I guess it works either way. The part where they see the camp down in the valley was epic.
-Robb/Talissa (Yeah I'm one of those who like that relationship)
-Jaqen giving the coin and Valar Morghulis
- The ending with the three blasts leading to the Others approach. Great buildup for the next season
The Bad
-Dany's scenes (I disliked the HOTU)
-Xaro and Doreah being locked up? Why did they get rid of the handmaidens?
-Jaqen scene (A con as well, since we didnt get to see Arya's escape from Harrenhal)
-Stannis choking Mel
Dany's storyline was the main problem this season. There wasn't a single scene I really enjoyed. A shame really since her scenes were great in season 1. Other then that I didn't really have an issue with any other arc.
80	Shawn Stark	2012-06-04	I gave it an 8, it was going to be a 7 but i liked the white walkers, but now i think i wanted to see Raeghar in the HotU so i shoud have been a 7
81	Jabronius Maximus	2012-06-04	As for the House of the Undying:Does the snow on the throne represent Jon? Was Dany then shunning the throne to go beyond the wall and find her family in death? Did they just spoil the entire series?I thought it might represent winter (ie White Walkers) descending on King's Landing. It's not really spoiling the series, I'm pretty sure we all agree that at some point the Others will breach the Wall and bulldoze everything in their path as they head south.In the book she saw Aerys on the throne about to burn King's Landing ("let him be king over charred bones and cooked meat"). In the show I think it still may have been Aerys, but we never saw the dude on the throne
82	WeLightTheWay	2012-06-04	7. Was really bored half way through the episode. The changes to the story don't bother me. Jon and Dany's whole story this season was..meh. Seeing how it ended, I thought they could have cut out some of Jon wandering through Iceland and Dany "I am stormborn...fire and blood". Loved the Winterfell stuff...Theon is now one of my faves, and I hated him in the books. Looking forward to seeing Alfie Allen next year. Loved! Loved! Kings Landing definately my favorite location due to the amazing acting and dialogue. Brianne you kick ass! Loved Jaime's reaction. I also like how they showed that the "Stark" soldiers are just as bad. The WW reminded me too much of "Thriller". Sounded really cool, looked ridiculous. I am in the less is more camp. And thank god they got a wagon for Bran! Hodors back never would have made it. Robb/Talissa, no suprise there. "I don't want to marry a Frey"- too bad Robb, you're an hier, your marriage was always going to be politically motivated, not for love. Liked Catelyn's talk about love.
					
					
							Edited by WeLightTheWay, 04 June 2012 - 01:34 PM.
83	HyacinthGirl	2012-06-04	Marry me. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
84	AelinorTarg	2012-06-04	This barely can get a 6. I liked the dragon/other CGI,I also liked Jaqen,and the King's Landing plot. But still,they could have showed,if not all the shade-of-the-lsd visions,at least the Undying and their rotting heart. Pyat was only a warlock,not an Undying itself. And if they used the ''dracarys'' thing,how the hell will they pull out the Astapori storyline?And locking Doreah,as far as i recall,Dany herself sent her to whore around. In the books,she was the one who taught her how to please Drogo and Dany held her hand as she died of a wasting disease. They could have easily replaced the cheesy-weesy Dani-Drogo and Robb-TalisaSharkFinNose with something better. And I am still confused about Dagmer. Roose previously mentioned that his bastard is on his way to Winterfell,so Dagmer can't be Ramsay. I guess the ironborn just handed Theon to the Dreadfort army. I looked forward to this episode,but it was kinda dissapointing.
85	TheReal_Rebel	2012-06-04	BIggest, Big shock for me was seeing a destroyed Kings Landing Throne room.  I'm wondering if the Others do it since there is snow  & Dany wouldn't want to destroy hall of her family. Also the last scene with Sam is the Dead  army seem to be going South.
86	Perin Stone	2012-06-04	8.  Point deducted for Robb and the girl from across the Narrow Sea being married by a septon.
87	Dru	2012-06-04	8 from me. WW's just walking right past Sam made 0 sense. Theons exit and the sacking of Winterfell made even less. What happened to the 500 North men? Guess it will be explained and better be explained next season because alot of nonbook readers I know are very confused by this. Over all great television.
I imagine it will be explained as Ramsey is to be casted. Guess they didn't want to cast a different actor for a brief appearance in the finale.
					
					
							Edited by Dru, 04 June 2012 - 01:44 PM.
88	WinterWarrior	2012-06-04	All in all I thought they did a great job this season. I gave this episode a 7 because of the HoTU, I thought that was lame. Otherwise I thought the episode was good, I loved Brienne and Jaqen Hagar. I also like the way they had Hagar say that he was a Faceless Man instead of that being subtle like in the books, and LF telling Sansa right out that he would rescue her instead of the Dontos story line and surprise at the end. Since the visions in the HoTU were not in the book....I have to assume we are being set up for Dany to be at the Wall at some point which we had all figured out would happen eventually. Also, it looks like she will be in Westeros during winter in the tv series at least. So maybe she will get heck out of Meereen!
I think the writers and producers have done a great job with this TV series. I have been able to separate it from the books and appreciate it for what it is. But the HoTU was a real letdown. I do think all in all the series is excellent and hope it wins tons of Emmys.
89	Strider	2012-06-04	I'd like to commend this article by Todd VanDerWerff on the challenges of adapting Martin's books to a television show.  I give this last episode an 8.5.  Overall I thought it was well done, but it also felt hasty at times and it did not have the emotional impact that I was hoping for. I want to applaud the HBO writers and directors for a splendid second season.  I believe that many of the "critics" on this forum have been excessively harsh and naive in their criticisms.   If the writers had not taken the creative liberties that they did, the show would have failed miserably.  As I have said several times before, "Game of Thrones" must be appreciated on its own terms, not in terms of slavish rendering of the books.  I suspect that George Martin understands this much better than many of his fans.
90	TheReal_Rebel	2012-06-04	I forgot to give a rating. A 10.  was Blackwater a better intergrated episode. Yes.  But there was so much they had to wrap up and they did it well. 
 Plus there were many surprises, like Brienne in action; Dany's disturbing vision of King's Landing, her seeing the Wall & Jason Mamoa & adorable baby; Shae/Tyrion scene; Dany walling up Doreah & Xaro; Jaqen & Arya; & the White Walkers intent on making war on all humanity.
							Edited by TheReal_Rebel, 04 June 2012 - 02:36 PM.
91	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-06-04	Does anyone remember reading anything that indicates that the Others destroy King's Landing?Not yet.
92	TKO	2012-06-04	5 from me,
proberly my least faviroute episode of the season. What I hate about this season (not season 1) is it's consistancy. As a season it just doesn't match up to the first one. Unless they stick more ish to the books and less with the made up scenes, i reckon it will lose support. (Just to clarify I have nothing against extra scenes, as long as they make the story more interesting eg. the 13s death, or Robert and Cersai. But if something isn't broke, don't fix it.
93	Sun	2012-06-04	7. Loved everything expect the Dany & Jon sequences. And I really hated the zombie hord ending, the way it was filmed was so trite.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 04 June 2012 - 03:40 PM.
94	daoloth	2012-06-04	Hi Everyone.This is my first post so please forgive me the lenght of it. I can without any reservations give the final episode of the series a very strong zero.It was a huge letdown in term of overall writing, concept and annoying cheesiness and in particular - lack of proper plot execution for a season finale. The important thing is that the fault lies almost exclusively with the writers of the show. Every other aspect of the show was satisfactory at worst. It were Mr Benioff and Mr Weiss that completely butchered the episode and the season for me. I would be more satisfied if the previous episode (written by Marint) was the last one this season - even though it left so many subplots completely unresolved. This is the masure ot B&W failure ... or rather I should say a proof of their utter and complete lack of talent and imagination. Direction, scenography, actors...everything was great, good or just ok. Except for the story... a bundle of chaotic, pointless and downright annoying ideas of how to completely butcher a great story and fascinating characters.
There were some great scenes in the episode. Most importantly Theon - the only pov character untouched by Benioff and Weiss' lack of writing skill and imagination. Arya and Tyrion were quite decent, believable, fairly faithful to the spirit of their characters and quite well played. The problem with Arya is that the scene was taken out of context which completely killed an interesting pov subplot. Tyrion was treated unspeakably in this episode. Not only we get very little of his loss of status which is a pivotal point to many many events in the season and will be in the next one (hopefully) but also we get the annoying good-hearted whore Shae again.To make things worse the writers get their motivations backwards to what they were in the novels. It is entirely believable with Tyrion since he is a bit different character here but that can only mean that Shae is going to be yet another whore saint in the future.Varys  was great as usual and I can't only understand why we were fed this annoying whore Ros. To show a pair of regulation tits? Stannis again is a pale distant shade of the Stannis we know from the books and some of the better scenes in the series. Apparently he suffered some head injury when he charged the walls last week because he acts a little like a bipolar personality. Since the writers decided to forgo the struggle between Melissandre and Stannis' men altogether (why I will never know - it was fundamental to his story) his violent reaction to her makes some sort of sense yet when he is shown some pivotal revelation in the flames it is underplayed at best. What did he see? Himself on the iron throne? Because there was no single sign in the season that Melissandre is about anything more serious than some dynastic dispute. The scenes with Robb and Bran were boring. Robb in particular lost all his tragic elements with the way his story was handled. The tension between him and Cat was close to non-existant and his marriage to Oona Chaplin makes him immature and unreliable not tragically conflicted and young as in the novels. I pitied Martin's Robb ... this one seriously gets on my nerves. Also his new wife's profile is surprisingly unattractive. Catelyn was decent and her exchange with Jaime a few episodes back certainly made her a bit more faithful to the novels. These were the good and decent scenes. Here come the bad, the really bad and the truly monstrously awful...
First Sansa/Cersei/Joffrey/etc. Horse taking a dump - fan favourite? Forced. Spoils of war? Artificial and forced. Bethrodal of Margaery? Unbelievable and primitive and it doesn't work even with the "revamped" golddigger Margaery of the series. Sansa's reaction? Well was she happy or sad? And what was the business with Baelish... The whole scene made no sense other than introduced some plot elements for future seasons and showed off actors on payroll. Sandor Clegane was right - f**k the king! It would be sooo much better to have Pycelle or Varys or Bronn tell that to Tyrion since that would give more screen time to a better and more important character. Lord Tywin was painfully disappoiniting also. He is so much more interesting than a guy on a horse. Then comes Jaime. To show how deadly Brienne is we have her fight Jaime, win and humiliate him and then they both get caught by Mummers and Jaime loses his sword hand.End of scene - great cliffhanger! Only that never happened! Instead we get some idiotic and pointless scene that takes up time and moves the story nowhere. But it can get better. Next on the list is Daenerys. It is truly unfair to complain about the lamest, most artificial and forced main character in the whole series. For once it is because this Daenerys is obviously some other Daenerys, probably some stupid D&D character. I am half ready to believe she is a fire elf or some such. The writers should have explained that the similarity with Martin's character is purely incidental. And I completely miss to see the point of the vision in the House of the Undying. The writers obviously do not understand why Martin put it there so why not simply cut to the showdown.  But that is not the worst. The worst is undoubtedly Sam and the finale. Why would three horn blows foil a shit gathering raid rather than assasination attempt  I will never know but then this is problably why I am not writing the series. But why on earth after all those disappointments, budget cuts and other changes we actually get to see the mythical, dreadful, unknown, unseen for millenia Others if all the creative people can come up with are some cheesy B-movie knock-off monsters who squeal like a butchered pig??????? Were they supposed to be scary? They were laughably pathetic even more so than those furballs we glimpsed in the prologue. But my main reason is why they were there in the first place. Can anyone honestly tell me why they are there in the first place??? I can manage some stupid nonsensical magic because of the dragons... but why those clowns????
Gods be good we know that the writers can't see the most important story arc in the whole saga.
Sorry for the lenght of it.
95	Zephyrus	2012-06-04	Gave it a 6, lowest rating I've given thus far.1. I hate Ros's scenes. All of them. So unbelievably f*cking uneeded. Not contributing to the MINIMUM to the whole plot.2. In contrast to that, while we get a scene with a whore looking for Vary's weenie, no one explained us who the hell burned down Winterfell. I had to go to wikipedia and find out what really happened, and why Bran/Rickon/Osha/Hodor didn't go with the Northmen, because when I watched the show I was like "WTF".3. House of the Undying scenes were OK, had a certain mysticism and feeling.4. Stannis's scene, what the hell. What the hell was in that fire? Nothing? Was that the whole point, that Stannis is mindcontrolled/influenced by Melissandre? Either way, I didn't get anything new from that scene.5. Cliffhanger questions. What is really the purpose of that scene - presentation of an Undead army?i) Should the viewers be in awe like "Wow look, an undead army with zombies...!", because after LOTR's army of undead, Tarantino's Grindhouse suite and a few hundred other zombie apocalypse movies, I was like "meh, okay."ii) Was it supposed to create suspense? Like a "what will happen?" thing. Hmm, such a mystery, a wild guess would be.... A BATTLE?iii) Shouldn't the cliffhanger end with the battle and hang on what will happen next? I know, there would be a battle but the budget was so low that there wasn't enough dough to film it now. I'm guessing the battle won't be on the first episode of the next season either.Also, a whole year for 10 episodes / 8.3 hours of TV reel, what the hell guys. Some actors have signed long lasting contracts with HBO for these series, shouldn't you be writing and filming this at like a double rate than this? Sup? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
96	daoloth	2012-06-04	Hi Everyone.This is my first post so please forgive me the lenght of it. I can without any reservations give the final episode of the series a very strong zero.It was a huge letdown in term of overall writing, concept and annoying cheesiness and in particular - lack of proper plot execution for a season finale. The important thing is that the fault lies almost exclusively with the writers of the show. Every other aspect of the show was satisfactory at worst. It were Mr Benioff and Mr Weiss that completely butchered the episode and the season for me. I would be more satisfied if the previous episode (written by Marint) was the last one this season - even though it left so many subplots completely unresolved. This is the masure ot B&W failure ... or rather I should say a proof of their utter and complete lack of talent and imagination. Direction, scenography, actors...everything was great, good or just ok. Except for the story... a bundle of chaotic, pointless and downright annoying ideas of how to completely butcher a great story and fascinating characters.
There were some great scenes in the episode. Most importantly Theon - the only pov character untouched by Benioff and Weiss' lack of writing skill and imagination. Arya and Tyrion were quite decent, believable, fairly faithful to the spirit of their characters and quite well played. The problem with Arya is that the scene was taken out of context which completely killed an interesting pov subplot. Tyrion was treated unspeakably in this episode. Not only we get very little of his loss of status which is a pivotal point to many many events in the season and will be in the next one (hopefully) but also we get the annoying good-hearted whore Shae again.To make things worse the writers get their motivations backwards to what they were in the novels. It is entirely believable with Tyrion since he is a bit different character here but that can only mean that Shae is going to be yet another whore saint in the future.Varys  was great as usual and I can't only understand why we were fed this annoying whore Ros. To show a pair of regulation tits? Stannis again is a pale distant shade of the Stannis we know from the books and some of the better scenes in the series. Apparently he suffered some head injury when he charged the walls last week because he acts a little like a bipolar personality. Since the writers decided to forgo the struggle between Melissandre and Stannis' men altogether (why I will never know - it was fundamental to his story) his violent reaction to her makes some sort of sense yet when he is shown some pivotal revelation in the flames it is underplayed at best. What did he see? Himself on the iron throne? Because there was no single sign in the season that Melissandre is about anything more serious than some dynastic dispute. The scenes with Robb and Bran were boring. Robb in particular lost all his tragic elements with the way his story was handled. The tension between him and Cat was close to non-existant and his marriage to Oona Chaplin makes him immature and unreliable not tragically conflicted and young as in the novels. I pitied Martin's Robb ... this one seriously gets on my nerves. Also his new wife's profile is surprisingly unattractive. Catelyn was decent and her exchange with Jaime a few episodes back certainly made her a bit more faithful to the novels. These were the good and decent scenes. Here come the bad, the really bad and the truly monstrously awful...
First Sansa/Cersei/Joffrey/etc. Horse taking a dump - fan favourite? Forced. Spoils of war? Artificial and forced. Bethrodal of Margaery? Unbelievable and primitive and it doesn't work even with the "revamped" golddigger Margaery of the series. Sansa's reaction? Well was she happy or sad? And what was the business with Baelish... The whole scene made no sense other than introduced some plot elements for future seasons and showed off actors on payroll. Sandor Clegane was right - f**k the king! It would be sooo much better to have Pycelle or Varys or Bronn tell that to Tyrion since that would give more screen time to a better and more important character. Lord Tywin was painfully disappoiniting also. He is so much more interesting than a guy on a horse. Then comes Jaime. To show how deadly Brienne is we have her fight Jaime, win and humiliate him and then they both get caught by Mummers and Jaime loses his sword hand.End of scene - great cliffhanger! Only that never happened! Instead we get some idiotic and pointless scene that takes up time and moves the story nowhere. But it can get better. Next on the list is Daenerys. It is truly unfair to complain about the lamest, most artificial and forced main character in the whole series. For once it is because this Daenerys is obviously some other Daenerys, probably some stupid D&D character. I am half ready to believe she is a fire elf or some such. The writers should have explained that the similarity with Martin's character is purely incidental. And I completely miss to see the point of the vision in the House of the Undying. The writers obviously do not understand why Martin put it there so why not simply cut to the showdown.  But that is not the worst. The worst is undoubtedly Sam and the finale. Why would three horn blows foil a shit gathering raid rather than assasination attempt  I will never know but then this is problably why I am not writing the series. But why on earth after all those disappointments, budget cuts and other changes we actually get to see the mythical, dreadful, unknown, unseen for millenia Others if all the creative people can come up with are some cheesy B-movie knock-off monsters who squeal like a butchered pig??????? Were they supposed to be scary? They were laughably pathetic even more so than those furballs we glimpsed in the prologue. But my main reason is why they were there in the first place. Can anyone honestly tell me why they are there in the first place??? I can manage some stupid nonsensical magic because of the dragons... but why those clowns????
Gods be good we know that the writers can't see the most important story arc in the whole saga.
Sorry for the lenght of it.
97	a shadow	2012-06-04	I think expecting the translation of a huge literary work to TV (or movie) to be completely faithful to the book is unrealistic. No one is throwing their hands in the air and crying for gods. There are really reasonable suggestions. While sticking to the books to every development is not asked, changing good original stuff with some blant  stuff out of nowhere is bad. It becomes "A Song of Ice and Fire" - Made in China. I did not think this episode was so bad, certainly not the worst of the season, but lets give this episode and every episode respect with not talking in generalisations and the beaten to death ones.
98	KJF	2012-06-04	The Good:
1. The CGI.. Dragons and white walkers were awesome
2. Theon storyline (best done storyline of the season)
3. Everything at Kingslanding  (The actress that plays Sansa is underrated)
4. Bran/Rickon departure..
The not so good:
1. Bran in a wooden stroller?
2. Dany's entire storyline/hous of the undying
3. Rushing Jon Snow/ Half hand
4, Brienne's acting
Over all I give it a 7.   They tried to squeeze everything into the finale which made the more complicated storylines like Jon and Dany lacking.  We didn't need Robb or Stanis in this episode.
99	Frey Pentos	2012-06-04	I gave it a 7. Thought the House of the Undying was boring (no prophecy) and the burning of Winterfell just confusing. Why would the Bolton's just disappear? Silly. Rest of the episode was ok but underwhelming. Maybe it just suffered from Blackwater being such incredible TV.
100	Sir Dunk	2012-06-04	Just take it for what it is. It is a damn TV show. It has nothing to do with literature.
I loved it. The best episode so far except for maybe Neds head.
10 10 10 10
101	daoloth	2012-06-04	GRRM liked foreshadowing events with omens. I sadly think that the title 'valar morghulis' is such an omen. The quality of the episode suggested that the main creative force behind the series - Benioff and Weiss are out of their depth by far.  First season was easy because the book was shorter, less descriptive and had fever pov characters in fewer locations. It was easier to adapt then because all you needed to do is simply translate the book page by page into a script. With CoK they had to do some creative work and it is clear they failed miserably. They completely lost story arcs relating to the Others (plenty of subtle hints in the novels) and the coming of age for many of the primary pov characters. They completely butchered the nature of the world - they shades of grey rather than black and white. Catelyn was greyed properly in season 2 by Jamie (finally). Robb turns out to be stupid not tragic with his marriage. Sansa wasn't naive and childish and confronted with harsh reality not known from songs and tales but  just... well... bland...and boring. Bran is nothing special in season 2... and why? Dany is terrible... it is actually painful to watch. I often skip her scenes when watching again... The show turns out to be predictable and full of cliches everywhere the writers have a say. 
And there is political correctness which annoys the hell out of me in sf and fantasy settings It took a chunk of a amazing realism which Martin put into his world.Arranged marriages are rarely seen for what they really were as if the mere concept was offending. To even things out all whores are saints - so we get a lot of Shae and Ros and other saintly prostitutes.Ygritte turns out to be just a dumb horny b*tch from your regular high school and not the feisty free-minded woman who believes that Jon Snow "stole" her as it was her people's custom. And who by the way was a bastard... born out of wedlock - huge problem south of the wall, no problem up north. But apparently he chose the Watch because black was always his color.
He just looks good in it.
102	TyrionTargaryen	2012-06-04	Just take it for what it is. It is a damn TV show. It has nothing to do with literature.I loved it. The best episode so far except for maybe Neds head.10 10 10 10QFE
103	StannisWins	2012-06-04	But my main reason is why they were there in the first place. Can anyone honestly tell me why they are there in the first place??? I can manage some stupid nonsensical magic because of the dragons... but why those clowns????What the heck? Do you not know what happened at the Fist of the First Men?
104	Jabronius Maximus	2012-06-04	9. I tried my best to repress my memory of the books, and saw this for what it is: fantastic TV. I too watched season 1 before powering through all the books, and thought it was the greatest thing to ever come on TV. The books are just so intricately woven and have so many nuggets that can side track you from the main story, not to mention piles and piles of witty dialogue. The show just can't cram all that in, especially in just 10 episodes. I wonder how much it would cost to expand the season to maybe 12 or even 13 episodes, just to get in some crucial details of the story.
All in all, I'll keep watching the show, especially since Martin will take the next 50 or so years writing TWoW
					
					
							Edited by Part time king, 04 June 2012 - 04:15 PM.
105	The Monkey	2012-06-04	9/10
Great stuff. Didn't mind the HOTU changes, as most non-book readers are completely clueless to the backstory, and it is unreasonable that they would have the faintest idea who Rhaegar is (hell, most of them don't even seem to know that Ser Jorah is Lord Commander Joer's son). The three-headed dragon seems pretty important, but it's not unrealistic that they could squeeze it in at some later point. Besides, by the Dany has any relevance to the rest of the story the show will probably be cancelled anyway. That Dany stayed in Essos so long was GRRM's biggest mistake.
I have a few gripes however:
Why didn't Luwin tell Bran & co that it was the northmen who burned down Winterfell? Such an easy thing to do, and would have saved a lot of confusion.
Why didn't Arya kill anyone? Might seem like a small point to most, but as Arya is by far my favourite character, I think it's the biggest flaw of the season.
Why doesn't the White Walker kill Sam when he's sitting there like a dumbass?
106	evening gale	2012-06-04	Really the only thing that stopped this from being a ten was the house of the undying, but let's be honest, they've fucked Dany up so much this season, was anyone expecting anything less? I even liked her walking out of the Throne room to the other side of the wall, considering that's where her real war will be, but the way she was chained and killed Pyat Pree was just...I'm convinced D&D are part of the crew that hate Dany and are trying as hard as they can to make the T.V. folk do the same.I haven't read the books, but I plan to start them this summer.  I will say that Dany is my least favorite character and her story line is by far the least interesting to me.  As a non-reader I think HBO spent too many precious minutes in the final episode on her. Her meanderings through the house of the undying were very boring and seemed pointless in moving the story forward.  But I'm sure it's essential in the books.  I really have to say I do not much care what happens to her!  Yet I have a feeling that she and her dragons will play a very important role in dealing with the white walkers someday...?  So why is HBO making her story line so bland?Otherwise, I give it an 8.
107	daoloth	2012-06-04	What the heck? Do you not know what happened at the Fist of the First Men?That was sarcasm. A tv show is governed by different rules than the books but it doesn't mean that it can stop making sense.  For example HOTU visions should obviously be different for clarity's sake but who they are now unintelligible and Drogo.. that was waste of time.What she was told and shown in the HOTU moves the next two books forward and not backwards. Similarly the Others have an intricate backstory in the books and in the show they are random monsters that look like blue crap. BLUE CRAP. Good art in a tv show is not about flashy cgi unless you are 7 and watch Transformers.  Also If there is no sensible mythology regarding whitewalkers in the show - and there ISNT so far. The second season is much more fun to watch if you read the books mostly because spotting characters and events from the book is so much fun. But it is much weaker as a whole and on its own. Being a fan of the series does not mean you need to put 5 of 5stars everywhere like some fanbois.But perhaps you would also like to give 9/10 to this steaming piece of marketing crap that was known as Lost seasons 3 to 6?  In this case I would ask whether you might have charged Kings Landing with Stannis without helmets.
108	DanyStark	2012-06-04	What the hell was up with walker army at the end?!
109	ghost the direwolf	2012-06-04	10 it was very good as a TV adapt. I like the white walker and the wights, the man  and his new face  and much more.
110	JonF311	2012-06-04	Gave it a 7, mainly because the Houses of the Undying stuff was poorly done. I understand that the visions, which were confusingly cryptic in the books, would be incomprehensible on TV (to non-readers), but they should have included the prophecies. In the book Dany (OK, Drogon) does not kill Pyat Pree with dragonfire, but rather incinerates the eponymous "Undying Ones". And Xaro....
Another nit to pick: the White Walkers looked a little too grade B horror movie clichA© for my liking-- as if they had borrowed the make-up artist from the old Thriller video.
Minor quibble: non-readers may be confused as to why Sansa did not go with the Hound last week, since it certainly seemed like she was considering it.
111	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-06-04	I'm fine with most of what transpired throughout this season save Jon and Dany. I really hope they start acting more like the characters that Martin wrote and less like idiots.And more ghost dammit!!! There I'm done.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
	 P.S. I rated this episode an 8.
					
					
							Edited by Sword of the Late Night, 04 June 2012 - 06:38 PM.
112	The Anti-Targ	2012-06-04	The season did not end on a high note for me. Too many unsatisfactory tying off of plot threads.Robb / Talissa - ill conceived modification of the story to start wilth and ended with a pathetic wimper. I think a lot of people will be thinking Robb more or less earned his fate, albeit no one ever deserves that sort of fate. I think this will have people reacting very differently to how they reacted in the book. I just hope they find some way to convincingly contrive Talissa as being a reasonably good strategic match. In aSoS Jeyne Westerling is not bad as a strategic match, not as good as marrying a Frey, but still marrying into a Western noble family has its uses vis-a-vis the conflict with the Lannisters. Marrying Talissa has no such utility. And they way it was handled with the one scene with Cat was very very weak.Not at all happy with how Jon and Qhorin came to fight. Having an actual pre-determined conspiracy between the two, I think, is an important part of the story. Again a conclusion to a plot thread which took the story in a strange direction, purely to get more screen time between Ygritte and Jon.More than happy with how things ended in Winterfell. Just enough show and tell.Dany, again the ending was the logical conclusion to taking the story in a less than satisfactory direction. Fine with Doreah dying, given she's dead in the books, but now Dany has no handmaidens. I guess that leaves Dany with young...her name escapes me just now... from Astapor as her sole handmaiden. I guess that's fine as far as it goes. I suppose killing off the whole 13 leaves Dany suitably positioned to be able to leave Qarth at her leisure, rather than having to escape at short notice. But then again if XXD and Pyat Pree hadn't colluded she could have burnt down the HotU and still been able to leave in a leisurely manner. No doubt the 13 12 would have paid her a sufficient sum, and given her a ship to have her be on her way. Anyway, kinda so-so about her situation right now. Great to see the wee dragons in action though.Poor old Tyrion, it's all down hill from here. As far as it goes the scenes in KL went well. The gloating of Maester Pycell was good. Not sure what to make of Varys-Ros. But I like every scene with Varys, so kind of mixed feelings there.I knew the 3 blows of the horn would come this ep. But somehow attacking in broad daylight didn't quite work for me. Still was a reasonably ominous ending. Fugly White Walkers, but for me, not shit my pants scary.Arya's ending was fine. Having Jaqen do his thing worked, it's just a shame Tom won't be back with us in future seasons, he did a fantastic job.So, I toyed with a 6/10, but decided it wasn't the weakest ep of the sason so I gave it a 7.So on balance Robb and Jon being let downs in particular (Robb especially being weak TV irrespective of the books) with a few other little gripes prevented me from giving it a better score.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 04 June 2012 - 06:46 PM.
113	MyGiantofLannister	2012-06-04	10/10
					
					
							Edited by ZbA3j Xray, 04 June 2012 - 07:32 PM.
							
								removed off topic rant about other boarders
114	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	10/10. Every scene was great. Sure no visions in the House of the Undying but the showrunners will probably save those revelations for later in the series so a average viewer who hasn't read the books doesnt get shit on by so much information it becomes confusing. I liked how they showed the Others and how slowly they are moving towards the fist of the first men. When reading the books I always wondered why arent the Others attacking yet before the dragons are full grown. Now it makes sense to me because when you are controling a undead army moving through snow its like watching a snail from start to finish on a football field.
Alfie Allen needs a emmy for his performance. And Im really hoping they left the ending with him so vague because they plan on expanding his story line so he isnt just gone for next season. Theon vs The Horn-Blower EPIC!
115	OzorxOron	2012-06-04	I enjoyed the episode a lot, wish we got to see Ramsay but I can wait until season 3. 
I'd give it a solid 8/10
116	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-06-04	5/10 for me. 
Forgetting that the books exist, the show still seemed confused and incoherent.
After all the worry about the Others, they turn out to be fairly harmless - Sam encounters one and you wonder why he bothered to hide. The Other's skin is pretty chapped, but you have to expect that when you lead a parade in a snow-storm with no shirt.
Isn't the newly anointed Lord of Harrenhal, that master of subtle intrigue, even a little concerned about the consequences of walking out in the middle of an official court function to go and chat with the king's freshly abandoned fiancee in front of the entire court? Did Cersei, Varys, even Joffrey really not notice?
How does Tyrion talk so loudly and effortlesly the second he wakes up with a raw, red, stitched up slash through his face? Doesn't it hurt? For that matter, Maester Luwin's fatal wound apparently didn't stop him from moving a considerable distance away from where he was speared and talking at length in a dramatic stage voice to Bran and Osha - since he seemed in a talkative mood couldn't he have at least told them and us who burned down the castle?
And Xaro, king of Qarth - do they not believe in security guards in Qarth? Daenerys came to Qarth with a pitifully small following and proceeded to lose more in the city - how is she now able to ransack the halls of Qarth's ruler? Is everyone in the city asleep?
As for TV Robb - in a world in which arranged marriages are the norm, he forswears himself and shames the one ally who can block his route home not as a matter of personal honor (as book Robb did), but as an act of "I'ma do me" childishness worthy of Jersey Shore.
And then there's the return of Ros the Prostitute, now Varys' partner. Blah.
Last week's episode wasn't just good - it was truly exciting TV. This week's episode wasn't just bad, it was silly.
117	tripleseq	2012-06-04	OK, even though the HoTU, a huge plot point, was reduced to little more than a weak action scene, I can understand some of the rationale.  Mystical scenes that try to portray through imagery aspects of a complex narrative have already been proven to be a dud concept (see 80s Dune).  But WTF were they doing with the attack of the Others?  I remember that part of the book being actually pretty scary from a character perspective and built for TV  Hordes of white walkers attacking at night have been replaced with a bunch of CGI wights trudging through the frozen wastes?  What an idiotic replacement, they didn't even have to spend much money to film that scene.  All they needed was a bunch of blue eyes running through the darkness and guys in black being cut to pieces.  What a waste of a scene.
118	Xray the Enforcer	2012-06-04	[mod] Do not discuss each other, discuss the show. Thank you. [/mod]
119	Lady of Long Lake	2012-06-04	6
Bran, Luwin, Brienne, Jaqen scenes were excellent. Jon and Vary's were pretty good. I found Theon, Dany, Sansa, Tyrion (!!! 1st time ever), Joffrey, Robb, Stannis, Sam's scenes pretty uninteresting:(
120	TeamDanyArya	2012-06-04	I gave it a solid 9. I was trying to do a straight re-watch of the second season before this episode but only got up through episode 5 before the last episode started. I thought they did a really good job tying up things but then leaving the viewer wondering what will happen in season 3. I was completely happy with the House of the Undying and Dany's arc in Qarth ending. Much more emotional for me than in the book. The book left me a bit confused. I enjoyed the ending and I got creeped out by the White Walkers. Bring on Sam the Slayer!
I think the season turned out quite well. I've been thinking about this over the past few days as the season is coming to a close. I've read all the books and while I don't necessarily get some of the changes, I like the fact that there have been added scenes not just this season but season 1 as well. The show needs to do that for a variety of reasons. 1) As an adaption from print media to a visual media, things that work great in a book and make sense for that format, usually do not translate well on a screen, and vice versa. 2) There are lots of things in the books that happen off-screen (or should it be off-page?) that we, as the reader, can only speculate on. The average TV viewer will more than likely want to see that, so some liberties have to be taken. 3) It would be pretty damn boring if the series was word-for-word with the books. I have an imagination and am completely happy visualizing things in my head. If the series was identical to the book I'd have zero interest in watching it. So, to try and entice the book reader or potential book reader, you need to add or even change things. I'm fine with that as long as the OVERALL integrity of the story remains in tact.So far, I think the shows writers and producers (GRRM being one of them) have remained true to the structure of the story.
121	Lannister Accountant	2012-06-04	8/10I'm sorry to say I have no damning hyperbole to offer.  It was simply that the emotions of a lot of the scenes really carried this episode for me.  The good outweighed the bad.  My expectations are simple however: If you establish something, best you follow through, otherwise it doesn't make sense.The BadRobb's storyline has faltered with me.  I can see what they're trying to do in developing Talisa, but I'm sorry to say it just doesn't do it for me.  Bonus nitpick: Dude, did I just see you get married under The Seven?  Like I said, if you establish something, like the old gods and make it apparent in iconic ways the Starks worship them that does not compute.HOTU should have had at least one reference to Rhaegar, because it was a great opportunity to reinforce not only what Dany has lost, but lend further credence to the strength of her character as "the last Targaryen" (that we know of).Theon's St.Crispin's Day speech.  The comical end and complete lack of either Reek or Ramsay Snow,  Shame.These however were minor quibbles.The Good-Tyrion and Shae...and that's saying a lot from someone who knows how much they've departed from the book version of Shae.-Theon's conversation with Maester Luwin-the roasting of Pyat Pree (Dacarys!)-The entire throne room scene in King's Landing, the putting aside of Sansa and her expression as she's leaving (priceless).-RIP Maester Luwin /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  A part well played by Donald Sumpter.  Bravo.-Varys being...well...Varys...with everyone.  Even the face he makes when Littlefinger is awarded Harrenhall is gold.
122	Mulled Wino	2012-06-04	I felt like, despite the departures from the books, it was solid TV. Except for the Jon storyline which was completely mishandled this season imo. The other departures I didn't feel altered character development quite as much.Regardless, I enjoyed the episode.As for the House of the Undying:Does the snow on the throne represent Jon? Was Dany then shunning the throne to go beyond the wall and find her family in death? Did they just spoil the entire series?This.  I agree.  The one storyline that was handled the worst by far was Jon Snow.  They whole thing was flukey and fabricated.  Stannis is a borderline major problem for me as well, but I enjoyed last night's episode quite a bit-8.The season was
123	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-06-04	Underwhelming in the highest degree...but it's been building to this the entire season. It's disconcerting how well the showrunners have hewed to such minor but iconic points, like Tywin's horse, and yet stray so far from the plot points with actual teeth.
Production quality was good, and there were bright points in it, so it rates an 8. But this is where we part ways. I'm done wasting time on what is essentially big-budget fanfic.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost of Crackclaw, 04 June 2012 - 08:02 PM.
124	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-06-04	...essentially big-budget fanfic.Best summation of the show that I've seen.
125	nightwisp	2012-06-04	8. The House of the Undying scenes were not as I had hoped them to be. Everything else was played out fine, especially the fall of Winterfell.
126	Tom Blackfyre	2012-06-04	I understand things are going to be different, in fact I expect them, but where the hell is one of the most interesting villain of the series, where is Ramsay Snow, the sack of winterfell and the whole reek/ramsay story line with Theon shows what a sick cunning freak he is well before any of his later crimes. The viewers will now never truly understand that. And the Dany and stolen dragons stuff was bad, complete disregard to the book. Xaro wasn't that bad of a guy.
					
					
							Edited by Tom Cromwell, 04 June 2012 - 08:50 PM.
127	drm7	2012-06-04	8 (More like a 7.6 than an 8.4)
I didn't know what to think of the season finale. I know it couldn't be better than Blackwater, so I had to lower my expectations - it needed to clean up so many loose ends in the storyline.
I liked:
-The Winterfell scenes. Theon is so pitiful. I would have to have seen Ramsay, though. Luwin's performance was excellent. Very touching.
-The throne room scene. The little farce that Joffrey and Margery put on was very well-done. I loved the look of disgust on Loras' face!
-Jaquen/Arya.
-Brienne/Jaime. Great chemistry between the two!
Just OK:
-Snow/Quorin. I would have rather seen Quorin order Snow to kill him. That would have made him look better than just some hotheaded idiot. I laughed when Ygritte kept hitting him with his sword.
-Three blasts. A little hokey, but not much CGI budget, so, OK. Why didn't the white walkers kill Sam? Still a good set-up for the Fist of First Men battle.
-HOU. I liked how they kept Dany running to different places. Interesting "rooms." A dragon-blasted Throne room? Dany meeting her "husband" at the Wall? (Foreshadowing? Ice/Fire? Dany/Jon???) The climax was meh. I would have liked to see the dragons burn it down.
-Tyrion/Shae. Of course Shae ruins a scene that Tyrion gets off to a great start...
Didn't like:
-Why didn't anyone consult me before locking Doreah in the vault???? Not nice, not nice at all!!
-Stan/Mel. Felt like a scene in a soap opera. Stannis acted out of character, IMHO.
-Robb's wedding. More soap opera.
Still, a good ending. Every episode can't be Blackwater.
128	Heathered	2012-06-04	I gave it a 9, but I am sooo glad they are splitting up SofS. This episode made me very grateful for last week's when the location was in one place and one central story. It seemed like they tried to get everybody face time. I read the books and I was getting dizzy. I really feel sorry for people who hadn't read the books.
My favorite scene is the one with Jaime and Breanne. The actors work well together, and I loved the look in Jaime's eyes when Breanne slowly killed the third Stark man. The seed of change was beautifully implanted in him.
Theon was wonderful as always. Disappointed with the razing of Winterfell, but I hope they get their sh*t together in the next season or two. Theon needs to be redeemed and he can't be with out Ramsay Snow.
I'm very glad they didn't drag out the House of the Undying. I would have loved to have seen Rhaegar saying the dragon has three heads, but the snow (Hmmm. Snow?) throne room made up for it a little. However, revealing many of the prophecies in the book would have given too much away to the non-book readers (Robb with his dire wolf, for instance). And so, I am glad they cut some out.
I am not a Dany fan and haven't been since the first book. And I wanted to believe that the producers disliked her as much as I did and wanted to reveal that a little. However, after this last episode it boils down simply that Emilia Clark is a HORRIBLE actress. She does not get that Dany tiptoes the line between madness and greatness. Clark is playing her crazy with delusions of greatness, and it is not working or endearing her. Not anymore.
Least favorite scene also happened to be my second favorite scene. It is so dramatic in the book when the three horns blow. Of course, Chett is about to kill Sam, and so there is a lot of tension and build up anyway due to that. There wasn't as much build up in the show leading to the horns (least favorite part), but when they pull out and you see the numbers of the Others and White Walkers, I was blown away. Wonderful final shot of the season.
I am excited for next season. Hopefully by cutting the book in half, it won't be so busy and there won't be as much back and forth and longer individual scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Heathered, 04 June 2012 - 09:15 PM.
129	NickSnow	2012-06-04	ugghgh...
This was most certainly my worst favourite episode of this season. So many dumb changes that made absolutely no sense at all. 
1. Ros is going to be a spy for Varys. WHAT!?
2. Robb is married under oath of the Seven. WHAT!?
3. Dagmar Clefreek. Who even burned Winterfell? Him or the horn blowers? WHAT!?
4. No prophecies in the HotU. WHAT!?
5. Doreah sleeping with Xaro. WHAT!?
eeek. So many problems...
I really only liked three scenes in this episode.
1. Stannis and Melisandre. Really creepy and awesome.
2. Theon and Maester Luwyin. Awesome acting.
3. Attack on the Fist of the First Men.
4/10 rating from me. Super dissapointed
130	Leto Atreides	2012-06-04	I give 8, my highest score since seaosn 2 started.
Again, a lot of departures from the book, but at least stuff happened for once.  I wish the entire season could have had this intensity.
+ Brienne vs 3 men.
+ Theon and Luwin
+ The white walkers
+ Tyrion's face is more damaged than that last epsiode had us believe.
+ Throne room scene.
+ Dracarys!
- Why is Ros still around? I thought they were sending her off last episode. Is the actress the producer's girlfriend or something?
- Robb and that girl getting married
- Stannis, out of character, choking Melisandre.
- Where is Ghost? It would have ended the fight with Quorin perfectly.
131	Jaimeisnotazombie	2012-06-05	This was posted in the wrong thread... now im moving here to the right one.
They shouldnt have shown the walkers at all. I hope to forget that image. The undead horse surounded by MIST would of been awesome, then cut scene. I would not be afraid of that, I would laugh at it. The wights looked good tho.
HOTU sucked, boring even. I Understand they dont want spoiler's, but they could of at least made it fun, they tryed heartfelt with Drogo, it fell flat.
The only thing i found interesting was, Dany never touched the throne, is it foreshadowing that she we make it all the way to KL, but never take the throne? Just interesting.
What about Jaqen telling Arya, the FM will help you kill all those people, WTF they will do everything but that.
Varys is masterful as always, but now he is with Ros The Useless, that is her formal title as far as i am concerned.
Dont want to spoil things, but lets have Littlefinger tell sansa he will save her...
Those thing where dumb, but i understand it cant be the books.
8/10 as far a TV goes
3/10 in relation to book.
132	rmholt	2012-06-05	8.  The Robb/Cat dialog sucked as did the Robb wedding.  They have to cut so much out of the book, why ADD needless stuff?
I could almost see Jon's sword underneath Quorin's armpit.  I get the impression the  extras in Iceland became sparse after the first few scenes.  
I did like what they did with the House of the Undying.  It was totally made up and none of the portents were there but it worked for me.
The Zombie Parade was pretty cool.  Dragonsteel is supposed to be blue but other colors were messed up too.
Clarke is a weak actress.
I did like seeing Sansa smile - tho the lecherous Baelish put a stop to that.
Brienne/Jaime very well done.
Awesome Weirwood tree at Winterfell.
Jaqen was supposed to be heading for Euron, not Braavos, so I hope the continuity holds.
The Faceless Men are not supposed to kill for themselves. Well, maybe beginners anyway.
Big wuss out on Tyrion's scar.
Pycelle is not only growing back his beard he is becoming a wise ass.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 05 June 2012 - 01:36 AM.
133	Daenerys	2012-06-05	9, right up there with Blackwater IMO. Easily the two best episodes of the season were the last two for me. I love the books, but I really don't give a fig if they stay completely true to them, in fact I think the show gets better the more they feel free to depart from them. Hopefully next season they will really rethink it as the original production it deserves to be. Especially Daenerys' story, which quite frankly is a very long, drawn out bore in the books already and is really showing the strain on television. All I ask is that they keep the spirit of the books, most of the central themes, and keep the focus on the main characters.
Overall I give this season a 7, but at least it ended on a strong note (or notes).
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 05 June 2012 - 01:59 AM.
134	Demojan777	2012-06-05	8/10It worked for me. I can understand certain people who are big fans of the books being disappointed from the departures, but I think that too many people in this community (some of them long-time members who you usually expect to be the voice of reason on most websites and forums) becoming completely alarmist about changes from book to TV.I don't 100% agree with the choices made this season (my main pet peeve this episode was the White Walker just looking at Sam and moving on like he's of no consequence, and I've had one or two pet peeves per episode this season with the exception of the superb "Blackwater"), but I doubt any of the people who have "lost faith" or are "over this show" could have come anywhere near as close to succeeding in pulling off a TV show adaptation of a book series of such depth and complexity while still ending up with something that appeals to such a wide audience as the producers and writers of Game of Thrones have.Purists, alarmists, and naysayers can all watch something else if they want to, but I believe the show will succeed regardless. Can you imagine how off-the-wall crazy this story would have gone off-track with a movie or series of movies instead of a TV show? We'd have people having aneurysms in mid-post all over these forums.Many of my friends don't read books for pleasure like I do, and they all love GoT. I love both the books and the TV show, and based on the first five books and two seasons I will continue to love them both until they're all done and over with.
135	Ghost Cat	2012-06-05	Flame me if you like, I gave it a 10. Why? Jason Momoa. I need no other reasons.
136	Tywin	2012-06-05	Awful, absolutely awful. There are so many changes from the book, and all of them are terrible. The Bastard of Bolton doesn't sack Winterfell. The Maester Luwin scene is bungled, and he looks full of vitality even though he's supposed to be dying, and this would be confusing for non-book-readers. The House of the Undying is just pathetic. The conclusion to the Qarth part of the series -- with Danaerys storming the city with a few men -- is absurd. Ghost doesn't intervene in the fight with Qhorin Halfhand; the dire wolves were almost entirely absent this season. Samwell hides behind a rock in the midst of an undead horde, which is goofy and unnecessary (he could have watched from a cliff). Shae is being presented as humane, when she's supposed to be presented as materialistic. I could go on and on.The excuse that they have to cover so much ground in a single episode is not enough to get them off the hook for this. They could have easily had the Bolton men instead of Pyke men sack Winterfell, for example. They keep taking liberties, and all these liberties are stupid.  Instead of trying to translate a work of genius as well as possible to television, they are trying to improve upon it. Predictably, they're failing.My views exactly. Barely scraped a six this, but only because I look it it all through the eyes of a book reader.
137	TheEvilKing	2012-06-05	Gave it a 9.
Good stuff:
- All the King's Landing scenes were handled especially well. The throne room scene in particular was awesome. Also Tywin's horse pooing.
- Maester Luwin - I teared up. What a bro.
- Also the scene with Luwin and Theon was brilliant.
- Theon's speech was epic. Not sure what to make of what happened after that, though. I suppose with the lack of budget and Reek they couldn't do much else.
- The ending was pretty dope.
House of the Undying stuff:
I was prepared for the House of the Undying to be vastly different from the books. The scene in the Iron Throne room was particularly beautiful and haunting. However, I did want to hear the "Three fires..." prophecy. I love that particular part in the books and missed it on the show.
Not so good stuff:
- Jon Snow's storyline was completely bungled this season. What should have been his best scene was the most confusing and disappointing. Ah well, hopefully with Mance and Tormund and co next season things will improve for Jonny boy.
- I found myself not giving a crap about Robb's scenes.
- Brienne giving that guy a "slow death" seemed totally out of character. But unfortunately the writers seem to want to make every character more badass in order to appeal to TV viewers. I didn't have a problem with them doing that with Ned, or Robb, or Stannis, but Brienne? Defeats her whole character.
- Stannis strangling Mel, what the hell was that? I really feel like the writers felt they made him too likeable with his heroics at the Blackwater, so let's show him choking a bitch. Also no Davos appearance makes me wonder if they've actually killed him off.
- Doreah, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! WHY KHALEESI WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
138	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-06-05	HotU was lame! dragons could barely puff smoke and suddenly that guy fully catches fire. The execution of it was my main gripe. Too simple, too quick. Just flat. Why not make Drogon break his chain and fly at his face and then burn him? Make it exciting damn it! So Danny loses all her servant girls now too...true true!
139	ShadowOnTheWall	2012-06-05	I gave it an 8.
The only thing I didn't like was the House of the Undying, quite a disappointment.
I loved the Scene with Jaime and Brienne, however.
140	Dannyisnow	2012-06-05	I gave it a 10/10, however on reflection it was probably a 9/10 for me. I'm a book reader ( half way through Dance of Dragons ) and loved it just the same. The only thing that was a slight let down was the lack of hallucinations in the HOTU, I didn't dislike the throne room scene and Drogo but i think there was room for a few flashes depicting some of the elements described in the book. The dragons burning Pyat Pree scene was awesome ! Overall i thought the episode was fantastic. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
Now all i need is the Blu-ray ! which im guessing we will have to wait at-least another 10/11 months grrr ! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
141	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-06-05	The butterfly effect is getting stronger and stronger. The total change of Hotu will cause big ripples throughout the show, as the visions become such a strong part of Dany in the books to follow. Also as propechies for the readers to digest considering the future of Westeros. I guess this all somehow got too complicated for the writers. Sadly. It seems they don`t want the readers guessing, or being deceived, as GRRM does. My guess is the writers don`t know all the story, they just get their chapters to adapt, without considering the Butterfly effect. Something which is dangerous for a work like ASOIAF, where almost everything is connected.
So needless to say, I`m a very eager to see how they will handle RW. Worst case it will be no suprise-no shock at all..
I guess us readers just have to continue to work on separating the show from the books, cause it CAN only get more different as the road winds. And be grateful for the fact that the books have made it to the screen at all.
142	Catherine Storm	2012-06-05	The last 2 episodes made up for more the whole season for me. Happy with it (except the rush sacking of Winterfell).
Was in tears with Luwin in the Gods wood with the boys. Exactly as I imagined it, except for his relief that they were alive.
143	stevanjo	2012-06-05	OK so my opinion is simply split here, as for the entire season.
Looking from a point of non-reader (which is ofcourse extremley hard) i belive this was an awesome season. Easily a 9/10, and it's a 9 just beacuse many things had to be rushed and could leave some of the viewers puzzled.
Looking froma a point of reader, i must say i feel a bit dissapointed. In general many things are done right and according to the book, but there are so many things that were simply strange and didnt' agree with me. Just looking at the last episode, Rob's wedding, Doreah sleeping with Xaro, Shae and Tyrion's relationship... But 2 that botherd me the most were Stannis and HoTU.
Both of those sceans were great on their on, but they felt simply wrong compared to the book.
Though we never see Stanis's reaction in the aftermath of the battle in the book, i feel what they did here was completly out of character. Stannis getting all enraged and choking Mel, it felt so completly wrong and in general through the whole season his character seems so much different from the "teeth grinding" book Stannis.
And HoTU was done so cause of budget and so on, and so on, but by God if u already have Danny at the wall show the blue flower. It doesn't reveal anything special, but it is such a great moment in the book when you relize what it symbolizes.
All in all, standolne season and this episode get 9/10 from me. As for how I rate it as a true adaptaion, something like 6/10, but maybe I'm wanting too much from this, cause I love the books so much.
144	goonerjon777	2012-06-05	i gave it a 9
so many opinions for the good and so many for the bad,
i guess the TV efforts have an impossible job to please all,
we should all count our selves lucky that we have this TV adaptation,
i've read the books, i've watched the shows, what am i to do til season 3,
can't wait -  thats all there is to say
145	Sam R	2012-06-05	I gave it a 7 but to be honest, my biggest issues with this series has nothing to do with the changes (though I do miss all the myth/history but I assume at some point they'll get to it) but the storytelling structure. The best episodes have been the ones where it's tightly focused, where only 2-3 stories are being told instead of 5 minutes spent on each story. I want more of those. Every episode that features all the stories is comparably weaker to the stories that are tighter (episode 3 and 9 are great examples of this).If that doesn't change, I will continue to be underwhelmed for part of the season.I agree. The problem is there are just so many subplots that INTERSECT. It's not like Mad Men where we could have an entire episode about Peggy, then one about Don, because there's not much going on plotwise; Game of Thrones has so much plot happening that if we spent an entire episode with Tyrion, we would miss crucial Cersei scenes or whatever, and if we had an entire Jon episode, we would be behind on everything else.But man, if they could make it work, I would LOVE to see an episode that just took like 2 or 3 characters and worked through heaps of their stuff, then did the same for different characters the next episode, and so on and so on. Like if, this season, they had had an episode that was like 40% Stannis, 40% Theon, 20% Tyrion, then did 40% Robb, 40% Dany, 20% Tyrion next week or whatever, that could have worked better because there would be more breathing space for character development.I'm no showrunner or TV writer though, so I don't know how it all works. But I hope next season they tackle the issue of pacing and structure a lot more, because it could possibly become a big problem if they keep going how they're going.Anyways, I'd give this episode an 8. It's a television show based off a book series, not an identical adaptation of a book series. When TV Theon does something, I'm thinking of TV Theon, not book Theon, in my mind the two stories are as divorced as I can make them. I enjoy the books and the show much better that way. I much preferred Jon VS Qhorin in the show, as it added some ambiguity, which makes Jon more interesting (I think it took much later for Jon to get interesting in the books for this very reason, he was too good all of the time, not enough moral ambiguity). Did Jon kill him because he understood he Qhorin wanted him to infilitrate the wildings, or did he do it because he was angry at Qhorin, or was it both? That sort of stuff is great.House of the Undying was alright. Loved the Throne/Wall/Drogo visions, the ending with Pyat fell a bit flat, but I liked the ending of this arc. Dany has learned to place her dragons above all else, ambition and family, and has sort of accepted being a Dothraki conquerer type leader, by stealing the gold. Also, learnt not to trust so easily. Not the same lessons she learnt in ACOK mainly, but still good ones that made character sense.Theon's ending confused me as a book-reader, but thinking from a show-watcher perspective it makes more sense, although it was still pretty clumsy. I think the idea is to trick the viewers into thinking the Ironborn did it as they left Winterfell, just like the rest of Westeros thinks, then next season, to create a Season 3 plotline for Alfie Allen, explore that it was actually Ramsay and so on. Revealing it was Ramsay right away would probably get viewers a bit apprehensive about Roose (yes, Ramsay may have acted against his father's orders, but that wouldn't be everyone's first thought), which makes the Red Wedding less surprising, and I bet Season 3 is all about building to the Red Wedding.Season 2 was stronger than Season 1 in my eyes because it tried to tie the episodes together thematically, rather than just break a season long plot into 10 episodes like I felt season 1 did.
146	Serr Parker	2012-06-05	Depends what context you're rating it by
If you're rating it as an adaptation of the book, it was very different (But you should have realised by this point it wasn't going to be word for word the same)
If you're rating it as a piece of television though it was fantastic, I can't think of a better TV series than this at the minute.
I gave it a 9, I enjoying it a lot but there would have been one or two things I would have maybe changed
147	Lord Over	2012-06-05	I give it 4, it was rather boring and there were a couple of scenes that offended me as a viewer.
- Robb's 'I laowv her' speech and his marriage (minus 1)
- Ros being finally confirmed as being an integral part of the game of thrones, possibly responsible for many upcoming events such as Joff's murder, smuggling Tyrion, partaking in the Red Wedding and finally uniting Dany and the Houses to fight the White Walkers /sarcasm
- Theon's actor out-hamming the hammiest of actors during his speech
- HotU sequence (the lack of visions wasn't bad, it was just how Dany escaped)
- Stannis and Melisandre and how he would betray everything he stands for (Book Stannis is unyielding in his principles)
All in all, it felt like a tired effort of writers who just wanted to wrap this season. I'd consider Blackwater to be the finale, a magnificent feast followed by a shallow dessert dish.
148	Serr Parker	2012-06-05	I give it 4, it was rather boring and there were a couple of scenes that offended me as a viewer.- Robb's 'I laowv her' speech and his marriage (minus 1)- Ros being finally confirmed as being an integral part of the game of thrones, possibly responsible for many upcoming events such as Joff's murder, smuggling Tyrion, partaking in the Red Wedding and finally uniting Dany and the Houses to fight the White Walkers /sarcasm- Theon's actor out-hamming the hammiest of actors during his speech- HotU sequence (the lack of visions wasn't bad, it was just how Dany escaped)- Stannis and Melisandre and how he would betray everything he stands for (Book Stannis is unyielding in his principles)All in all, it felt like a tired effort of writers who just wanted to wrap this season. I'd consider Blackwater to be the finale, a magnificent feast followed by a shallow dessert dish.You don't know that for sure though, I thought she's just going to spy on people for Varys just to show whats happening to her rather than giving her no ending for the series.My worry was that it was always going to be a bit anti-climactic after Blackwater, it wasn't an exciting episode by any means but still interesting I thought
149	Warden of the North121	2012-06-05	While I enjoy this show, it is clear comparing Blackwater to episodes that D&D have written  that GRRM makes these guys look like amateurs. That being said, this show is still fantastic and would be flawless in my opinion if they found some more creative and thorough writers if they're really adamant making changes from the source material.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 05 June 2012 - 08:15 AM.
150	daoloth	2012-06-05	The problem is there are just so many subplots that INTERSECT. It's not like Mad Men where we could have an entire episode about Peggy, then one about Don, because there's not much going on plotwise; Game of Thrones has so much plot happening that if we spent an entire episode with Tyrion, we would miss crucial Cersei scenes or whatever, and if we had an entire Jon episode, we would be behind on everything else.NOT TRUE.The problem is the writers who are nowhere close to the guys at Mad Men. We could get a taste of how differently it could be run with "Blackwater" which almost felt like Tyrion/Cersei special.  The novels are narrated through point of view storytelling. There is nothing that stops the writers from doing anything...save their lack of skill and talent.
151	The Knight of Flours	2012-06-05	I had trouble getting in here for quite a while, so interesting to read the complaints in the first few pages.
As an adaptation, I am very happy with the show and realise they can't show every detail from the book and - due to the medium - have to change some things.  This will happen in future seasons as D&D have to stretch some stories - eg Theon - over the next few series (as with Robb and Jamie this season).
The fate of WInterfell is bound to be explored early in S3 and give the TV audience an understanding of the shift in power up North.  Plenty of other characters (Shirene, the Reeds, the Bastard) being held over.
As a book reader, I probably enjoyed the series more than some of my non-reading friends who thought some episodes were a bit slow.  I'm glad that S3/4 is likely to spark them up again.
My only criticism is that the 'three horns' cliffhanger could have been even more effective with a 'less is more' approach.  A few things during the series I didn't like but I'll wait to see how these storylines play out next year before making my mind up.
9/10 for this necessary epilogue to S2.
152	GOTgirl	2012-06-05	Had to give it a 9, I thought it was great but not as good as Blackwater!  Although many people have valid gripes with the HOTU scenes  (I myself would have liked to see more but understand that's not going to happen) ...I liked it and found it rather emotional.  Loved seeing Dany in the Throne room!  And lets face it...they've already messed her storyline up a great deal this season...I was actually expecting less from this part of the story.  Was hoping to see Rhaegar though!
The Jon scene I wish they had done differently.  As they've done it I think many non-book readers are left wondering what the heck Jon is doing?  If they had taken just a few moments and lines of dialouge more they truly could have explained it and given Qhuorin Halfhand a more honorable death which truly showed the sacrifice made for the Nights Watch...the scene would have ended up better with a more emotional impact.  And where the heck is Ghost? 
Yes overall a 9 because unlike other episodes this season this one left me wanting more.  I truly liked it a lot!  And I must say the White Walkers looked bad ass this time!
153	Hayamiya	2012-06-05	I rated 9.
I liked the episode and thought it was well done. I read the books (several times) and love them. However, I always believe that a book and its visualization/adaptation are two different things. When you visualize a book story, you don't religiously copy it to the screen or you just can't do it. I would like to watch the show made by those who whine and complain. It must be soooh boring!
154	UnCleos	2012-06-05	Long time lurker, first time poster.
I gave it an 8, and that is rating it purely as a television show.  As an adaptation, as many of you have said, it failed in this episode.  Particuarly in contrast to the magnificently written Blackwater (Credit to George obviously) it looked even worse.
Although I am touching on things everyone else has discussed, I'd also like to speak on a few points that bothered me throughout the season.  Many characters were changed or made to do things that hurt them for the audience for a few cheap thrills and crowd pleasing moments.  Jaime killing Alton like some common psychopath (just for a violent scene), Robb marrying not for honor but for being horny and "in love" (for petty romance and pleasing the masses), Stannis sleeping with Mel immediately just from a lame promise of a son (came off as so rushed, especially with the audience only having seen them for one episode since then).  It just screamed amateur writing to me, no care taken with such deep characters.
That is my main point, the rushing of this season.  So many scenes, so many episodes, storylines, character arcs, either rushed or abandoned.  It made it seem as if Benoiff and Weiss only wanted to get COK out of the way so they could move on to the epic third book (and of course the RW).  Many non-book readers that I spoke to felt as if nothing had happened this season, because so many points were glossed over.  The importance of the Freys to Robb (his betrayal is more than the loss of a damn bridge), Arya not developing at all, instead being babied by Tywin (Also lost ALOT of possible Roose characterization by omitting his role at Harrenhal, which is really a damn shame because he is a fantastic character), and I will not even get into how bungled and rushed Jon's storyline felt.  Dany's was made to be action packed, but felt absolutely tacky and silly for most of the season.  Tyrion and Theon were handled well, although as many have mentioned Theon's final scene was unbelievably disappointing. 
I hope I am wrong, but the more I look at the resume of Benoiff and Weiss, the less faith I develop in this series doing justice as it progresses.  Every great television show seems to have a season in which it stutters early on though, so there is hope.  It is such a shame that Clash of Kings, a great second book in Martin's series, was given a bit of a half-assed treatment by these two.
All that being said, I am still looking forward to the third season.  Much of that will be to witness what will live up to be the most shocking scene in television history (we all know what), at least in my opinion.  Beyond that, Jaime and Brienne will feature heavily, and they are both doing a fantastic job (Nikolaj is always capivating on the screen).  SOS gives them magnificent material, and they damn well better try to do it justice.  Here is hoping for next season coming on strong.
155	A Redeemed Hound	2012-06-05	I had to give it a 10 even though it was not as amazing as the Blackwater.  It was still amazing though.  I am cool with the changes with Dany.  Next season should be able to follow her story more closely since she actually has stuff to do now.  A lot of stuff.  Not sure how they can budget the sack of three cities.
The guy playing Theon (Alfie?) should be up for an Emmy for his stellar acting this season.  Theon's changes have been all for th ebetter IMO.  I love him.  Too bad he will never be the same again.  He he heee.  I assume his men were killed or captured when they left Winterfell.  Or they gave Ramsay Bolton Theon in exchange for their lives.
Loved Sansa's scene too with the giggle/smirk. 
My wife and I got teary eyed with Tyrion and Shae's scene, Maester Luwin's scene, and even Khal Drogo's scene.  It was stellar acting.  They BETTER follow the Shae and tyrion story though.  They better.
I love the kid playing Rickon.  They could actually keep him in the show for a lot longer and still be able to have his story turn out like it currently is in ADWD.  Wish I heard more "Hodor" though.  And a wheelbarrow, Hodor?  HODOR!!!!
Loved Dany's dragon scenes although I wish she screamed her command instead of whispering it.  Still fun and awesome.  I am okay with the House of the Undying.  Nobody who just watches the show would understand "His is the song of ice and fire" or the other trippy aspects.  Wish Quaith was in it ot was there to advise her before entering.  Still cool.
Robb...foolish young wolf.
Jaime and Brienne are great together.  Love them.
Arya's final 2 episodes were kind of weak but she should be even more fun next season.  The guy playing Jaqen kicked ass.
Hope the original Mountain comes back.
Snow vs. Halfhand was a bit rushed but that is okay.  Next season will kick ass with him as well.
And the ending was FREAKING AMAZING!!!  I loved it.  I assume Sam lives because he has the Dragon Glass and they don't go near him.  But the Others look so awesome.  I was worried they were going to look like an alien or Predator from what we were shown in Season 1.  This was just all out awesome!!
It is not right that we get just 10 episodes and then have to wait a ful year now.  Oy.  My mom and dad are so pissed (never read the books).
Bravo to all involved with the show.
156	Giskard Reventlov	2012-06-05	I gave it an 8.
As was the case the whole seson it was great episode as TV show and terrible as adaptation.
What the frak happened with the visions in House of Undying ? That is something that should not be omitted.
Rob story was terrible. Pitiful ending that his character did not deserve.
On the other hand,  Theon part , also Jamie and Brienneand  Tyrion and everything in Kings landing wre quite good.
John Snow was so-and-so.
Al in all, good ending to a great TV show  but not-so-good book adaptation.
Having just 10 episodes for the 2nd book was very bad. If they do the same for he 3rd it will be criminal.
P.S. All the actors were great. However I stand to my opinion that Melisandre was poorly cast for the part and Asha is umentionable.
157	BinkyBonks	2012-06-05	We are not being purists. I personally prefer the television adpatation to contain surprises of its own. The problem is that they're taking too many liberties which are simultaneously stupid, unsatisfying and illogical. The "three blasts" scene illustrates this perfectly. To build the suspense like Martin does in the novels, all they would have needed was about ten or fifteen extra seconds. This change was unforgivable. One of the most awesome sequences in the entire series, ruined.
If they're going to waste about a third of viewing time with unnecessary, gossipy crap, cynically packed in to boost ratings, then they have no business saying there's not enough time.
					
					
							Edited by BinkyBonks, 05 June 2012 - 11:46 AM.
158	bikie	2012-06-05	it's hard for me to even critique the show any more... I wonder how much I'd enjoy season 2 without having read the books... I find myself now just waiting for certain scenes (no arya killing guard?? agh!!!) or comparing scenes or critiquing scenes as they contrast the book... everything seems inferior to the book and it's pointless to sound like a broken record in that regard...
I am still looking forward to season 3, however, and am hoping D&D return to their season one form...
159	pleonasm	2012-06-05	I agree. The problem is there are just so many subplots that INTERSECT. It's not like Mad Men where we could have an entire episode about Peggy, then one about Don, because there's not much going on plotwise; Game of Thrones has so much plot happening that if we spent an entire episode with Tyrion, we would miss crucial Cersei scenes or whatever, and if we had an entire Jon episode, we would be behind on everything else.But man, if they could make it work, I would LOVE to see an episode that just took like 2 or 3 characters and worked through heaps of their stuff, then did the same for different characters the next episode, and so on and so on. Like if, this season, they had had an episode that was like 40% Stannis, 40% Theon, 20% Tyrion, then did 40% Robb, 40% Dany, 20% Tyrion next week or whatever, that could have worked better because there would be more breathing space for character development.I'm no showrunner or TV writer though, so I don't know how it all works. But I hope next season they tackle the issue of pacing and structure a lot more, because it could possibly become a big problem if they keep going how they're going.There is no reason they couldn't have structured the season and broke the episodes in such a fashion. In fact, I think by trying to drive all of Clash (and some parts of SOS) into 10 episodes they brought the pacing and structural problems onto themselves.The other issue I see with how they are breaking stories is with regards to great character development (other than Theon and Tyrion). It's not rich, often superficial or very one note. Let's see Robb becoming a King and leader of men - making his subsequent fall next season only much more poignant and heartbreaking. Not simply focusing on the romance with Talisa.Find the meat of Jon's story (i.e. building a relationship with Qhorin Halfhand) so that there is a real tragedy at the fact he needs to slay Qhorin in the finale. Danny's tale was always problematic in Clash, but it is possible to leverage and change the source material to create a dramatic tale - paced appropriately throughout the season.  Each episode could not have alternated between a Danny and Jon storyline.At the end of the day, I just don't think this writing team is very good. They have written some wonderful moments, but too often they missed these amazing storytelling opportunities and instead we get off the shelf romance (Robb/Talisa), or clever dialouge scenes but lacking any payoff (Tyrion/Arya, Ygritte/Jon).
160	Indigo Snow	2012-06-05	That was an 8. Decent episode, and very enjoyable overall.
To focus on the positive, I thoroughly enjoyed the conclusion to Theon's story (I'm waiting for next season to learn more about Winterfell), everything King's Landing (Margery!!! Sansa!!! Tyrion!!!), the bittersweet farewell to the fabulous Jaqen, and even the little bit of Jon & Ygritte (tho Jon's story overall was not handled the best imo). 
As a lover of the books, there are a lot details I can whine about, but on a second watch, I've made my peace with most of it (not including the mess that was Robb/Talisa, which I'll just try not to talk or think about just yet). Sure, there's always gonna be disappointments with adaptations and changes, but I still think this series is still doing a fine job overall (oh it can be A LOT worse). Afterall, it was the TV show that first introduced me to these fantastic books and characters, so as long as it still entertains, I'm always coming back for more. There's so much to look forward to next season! And even if they screw up (though I really hope they don't), I can always just go back to my books.
Hello, Long hiatus... *off to read house of the undying*
161	Dolores Stark	2012-06-05	It took me a season and a half to stop whining and accept the budget/time/adaptation issues, but after this episode I guess I'm back to my old ways. Don't get me wrong, there are scenes I really enjoyed, and there are changes I understand and even like, but I cannot understand the changes and/or omissions that have nothing to do with budget or other excuses the writers gave us.
People already addressed some of them, but what I really cannot shut up about is Rob/Talissa story. If I had never read the books, I would've thought that Rob is a genuine douche. No Stark honor (because he dishonored a high born lady), no grief and pain about his 'dead' brothers, just hot girl-> boner-> let's get married! And I'm from the North, you're from Volantis, let's do it in the light of The Seven! /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> I hope that we find out about Talissa's true (Westerling) identity in the next season, but i guess that ship has sailed (down the Royne with her almost drowned brother).
And: Why is the wight just staring at Sam, Why is Stannis throwing temper tantrums, Do nonreaders know why Jon killed QH and is 'Ros' DB's or DBW's girlfriend?
I'm on the edge about visions in the HotU, I did expect more, but I knew that some of them would be to obvious. Drogo and the baby were a gift to tv show fans, just like we (the readers) got Rains of Castamere in Blackwater, I guess, but still I think they could introduce some of the prophecies.
Gave it a 7.
162	Songlian	2012-06-05	9.
Good finale, but I liked the one from S1 much better. This one seemed to lack a certain epicness.
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 05 June 2012 - 03:52 PM.
163	moonsblood	2012-06-05	I gave it a 6, it wasn't the worst. 
One thing, of all the things to cut from HotU, Shade of the Evening, really?
164	Thunderfist	2012-06-05	I gave the episode a 3, would have given it a 2 but I liked Sansas smile and Tywins horse
165	Lyana	2012-06-05	Well, I really, really tried to watch the show and not think about the books.
I just watched it, like I watched the first season (I haven't read the series at that time). I saw how excited my non-book reader freinds were about this episode.
And I think it worked. It was really pleasant and liberating not to compare every single detail with the book.
So I gave it a 10.
This episode was not as spectacular as the previous one, but that also was not its purpose.
And I have to say, I'm really relieved that Alan Taylor is back on board as a director. Although Blackwater was one of the best episodes, it it safe to say for me at least, that Neil Marshall wasn't the right choice.
This episode felt complete, every storyline got his proper ending and the final scene made my blood freeze.
Those are pretty good reasons to be satisfied with the season's ending.
166	johnnysd	2012-06-05	I gave it a 5.I know... a bit harsh! It was a good season, overall! But this episode for me was just a lackluster!The house of the undying was when I first put together the whole L+R=J theory, that I later came to find out that it was pretty popular, when I joined this forum...I know it's just a theory, but I came to accept it as almost truth, and I really wanted to see how the series was gonna deal with that...Ignoring the whole passage was just a big disappointment.Also, all of the ones loyal to Dany were betraying her or dying. I mean... it's interesting, but her life was already hard enough with the few friends she had!Another thing was the burning of winterfell! That moment was hugely emotional for me. And in the series it was treated as "whatever". They burned the castle! Eh...Other than that, the episode was nice! Jaqen was great! And so was Tyrion! And really, I just love Natalie Dormer!And as for the splitting of the Stark kids, here's to hoping they'll introduce the Reeds next season to promote that! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />People seem to forget that unless they made them like "Twin Peaks" the HOTU visions would be incredibly spoiler-y. To the point of ruining some events in future seasons. People also forget I think the economy of a visual medium and how quicky they can introduce elements like John's parentage and make it exciting. In books, they have to hold our interest for a much much longer time, so things need to be implied and hinted at like GRRM does. Otherwise it would be pure exposition which always brings fantasy books to a screeching halt
167	Akisut84	2012-06-05	I think expecting the translation of a huge literary work to TV (or movie) to be completely faithful to the book is unrealistic.  I think if one keeps that in mind and appreciates the work for 'what it is' rather than for 'what it should be' viewing is much more enjoyable overall.  I find that many of the critics of the show are probably bitter because it seems they are doing a constant 'compare and contrast' in their heads, rather than just enjoying the show for its' entertainment factor.   I give the episode a 9.Yes, it would have been unrealistic to expect after a very successful first series to try to invest more money into it. It would have been really unrealistic to see the West burned by Robb, to see Riverrun. To see the Riverlands burning and to see the real horror of war. To see a bit of Storm`s End. To make people understand why Jon had to kill the Halfhand. It would have been unrealistic to show a circling eagle in the sky as they march and to show Ghost, just to get into the warg project. instead it`s realistic to show scenes about Jon and Ygritte talking about "knives" and "stones". It would have been unrealistic to see Robb as the strong king who beheads Karstark himself and marry a Westerling girl (as the Westerlings are bannermen of the Lannisters). Instead it was realistic to show him weak and with a who-knows-who-that-girl-was flirting and listening stories about how a slave saved her brother. Meh... It would have been unrealistic to show the prophecies in THoU, to show Rhaegar and the PWWP. To see the Undyings themselves and not just Pyat Pree (although i liked the scene when he walked into the destroyed throne room covered by snow and went over the wall). It would have been unrealistic to show the Bastard of Bolton and his tricks. It would have been unrealistic to Jaime not to kill Cleos Frey as a kinslayer is cursed by men and Gods (old and new) and it is the worst sin. As there could be future references to that. It would have been unrealistic to cook the Weasel soup and show the Brave Companions. And so on and on and on.You see, I really tried to enjoy the show and at most part I could. I tried not to `compare and contrast`. I talked to people who didn`t read the books and they absolutely loved it. But when I started to ask questions if they understood why things happened in the way the did they were really not sure.Maybe it`s my fault that I read the books three times and saw things differently in the show than i imagined them during reading and i wouldnt complain about that. But sorry, it can`t be my fault to NOT to see the things at all or see them completely twisted around. Im not talking about minor things. Im not talking about eye colours and make ups. Im talking about important plots (Bolton and Vargo Hoat, Westerlings and Tywin), main cities (Storm`s End, Riverrun) and main characters (Edmure Tully, Hoster Tully, Blackfish, Reeds, Bastard of Bolton, Big and Little Walders etc.) . I know HBO ordered only 10 episodes and they couldn`t show everything. But if they found time for showing us Renly and Loras in bed, Ygritte making jests about Jon`s man-needs, Tywin Lannister being the good fella and telling stories to a cupbearer then they could have been a bit `unrealistic` and show us a bit of the above things as well. Im very happy that so many people enjoyed the show but why should we who did not enjoyed it that much should shut our mouths and do not criticise it. People call us haters but we just feel sorry that a purely epic story was turned into an above the average TV show.
168	rmholt	2012-06-05	I gave it an 8 (as I said) but if the Other's horse had its guts hanging out that would have been worth a whole point.  The Other and the wights were just done very very well.  Nothing like I imagine, but there's only so much one can do.  In my imagination they are nowhere near as solid and with form as portrayed, but they only become partly noncorporeal in my imagination  - in the book they are protrayed as quite solid!
169	Mirabilia	2012-06-05	I didn't mind most of the changes they did in this season, I understand not everything can be kept as it should be, but this episode, for me, was the worst one of the season. I had so many expectations and it let me down.
Brienne, was awesome. I enjoyed that part, totally fitting of her character loyal to her oath until the bitter end if bitter has to be.
Robb... really? rebelling against his father's teachings? I don't buy that, they make it feel like his honor isn't worth anything, and we all know is not like that.
Tyrion was epic, as usual. Can't complain there. The audience at the Iron Throne was good. And I liked this Littlefinger version, who is brave enough to reveal some of his intentions to Sansa.
Dany... I don't know it it's just me, but I was so annoyed by her attitude this season, yelling at everyone, sometimes I just wished to skip her scenes. Also the house of the undying was kind or rushed and weak. The "Dracarys" part wasn't as awesome but still was good. Just give Dany some anger management for the next season please, she's acting like Viserys in my eyes.
Everything else, was good. I almost cried like a baby because of Luwin, Theon speech was awesome.
I give this a 7.
170	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-06-05	I find it unacceptable, and frankly insulting, that Tywin's horse did not shit at the foot of the Iron Throne, instead taking his dump before entering the hall. Why change this defining moment? The infernal writers have now ruined the character arc of everyone in the Throne room. There are so many layers and, dare I say, foreshadowing, as well as HINDshadowing to this striking moment in the books, and yet, the diabolical D & D ruined the entire series with the premature poop. Why, I ask you? I still retained hope for this travesty of an adaptation but this, fellow book purists, THIS felt like molten gold being poured over my head! I fell to the floor, wailing, cursing the old gods and the new! Where was Joffrey, "gingerly" stepping around the dung? I feel betrayed and sickened.Wow. Felt blasphemous writing that. That was an awesome episode and I gave it a 10.Stop playing spot the difference. It's fantastic television.So.....the first part of your post is funny.  Touche'   --who can't take a little ribbing?But the complaints aren't always about "playing spot the difference" 'twixt book and TV show.  I think (but could be wrong) that non-book readers are wondering why the Halfhand is so mad at Jon for not killing Ygritte and going AWOL to the point of being captured, that he wants to literally pick a fight with him here & now and kill him as a traitor.  Because I'm wondering it myself.  I kept thinking he was going to whisper to Jon about infiltrating the wildlings.  (Did I miss this?  I have to watch clips on YouTube this year.)And, I'm sorry, but the Other looked like something out of the Jim Henson workshop.  Why didn't it kill Sam, exactly?  Is Sam toting around the bundle of dragonglass like some kind of Others kryptonite? (not that non-bookies would understand its significance yet, so that can't be it.... I guess he's too insignificant a threat to them, though that never stopped them from killing children.)  Am I wrong?  Did it not notice Sam behind the rock?Didn't mind how the Shae & Tyrion relationship has shaped up; can't believe they wasted more time on Ros in this episode (WTF?) being enlisted by Varys  --c'mon, wasted scene, people!  It seems we will never be free of this invented persona, while other characters have been merged, eliminated, name-changed, etc.  Maybe she ends up being the one to betray Tyrion later (?).  And thank goodness he gets to keep his nose.  Not even Rorge was missing a nose during his brief screen time.I don't see the point of saving Ser Dontos earlier in the season because if he shows up in S3 non-book readers will, say, "Wait, tell me who that is again?"Liked that little touch with Theon being driven to total exasperation by that damn horn (though the horn sounded so fake).  But did I miss something between Theon being knocked unconscious and the burnt ruin?  Aren't non-bookies wondering what exactly happened to the ironborn and which parties did the burning?  (I know what a cliffhanger is, but this one seemed a bit of a gap.)Certainly don't mind that Bran is being wheeled off in a cart instead of expecting poor Hodor to carry him on his back the whole damn way. . . .  Don't mind that Luwin dies at the weirwood and Osha finishes him off actually.  Not in the book is it?I'm just not going to say, "Oh, I'm so grateful they're making this series at all that therefore every episode is the best they could do for television.  10 out of 10, perfect score."
171	Lachezar	2012-06-06	5, a mediocre finale of a mediocre season..
The only thing i liked in this season is scenery and armors/outfits of the cast.
In comparison to s1 this season was so shit its tragic.
Dannys acting while she was chained? - so bad (excluding the fact that the whole chaining stuff was terrible)
Dragons throwing flames like flamethrowers was silly..
Xaro all of the sudden being macho, instead of loving boys.
Danny taking over the city with an newly spawned army all of the sudden?
BOOK SPOILER THAT MANDON MOORE WAS CERSEI CATSPAW
Snowing in kings landing? Major spoiler.. either the winter came lol or jon is sitting on the throne - which is kinda the same.
Qorin "storyline", instead of beeing the most feared nightswatch guy  
MEh.. could go on forever.. but cannot be arsed.
They better let 1 guy write stories for next season for more consistency.. this was shit.
172	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-06-06	No more than 8 from me. Sack of Winterfell was just lame - what, no Ramsey? Or was he all of the second season secretly posing as Dagmer? Anyway, a very poor adaptation of the book event.If you haven't read the books, how would you possibly comprehend Jon killing Qhorin? It's looks in the episode, as if he killed him for calling him a SOB and attacking him... Dany burning Pyat Pree and entombing Xaro and Dorea (!) in a treasure vault? Ahhm, someone here misread the books - Xaro is as gay as Renly - why would he slip with Dorea at all?And was the horse shit part being really necessary for the visualization of the story? Maybe to incline that whole of this season was FULL OT DUNG?Now for a bit of positive observations (just a bit) - the dragons were really cute. I appreciate the Others design - now THAT was well done indeed! Arya/Jaquen part was good.Overall - a very disappointing season. After the very high expectations I'd got from the first season - I expected the following one to be much more interesting, and not just a disappointing brutality contest.
173	HyacinthGirl	2012-06-06	So.....the first part of your post is funny.  Touche'   --who can't take a little ribbing?But the complaints aren't always about "playing spot the difference" 'twixt book and TV show.  I think (but could be wrong) that non-book readers are wondering why the Halfhand is so mad at Jon for not killing Ygritte and going AWOL to the point of being captured, that he wants to literally pick a fight with him here & now and kill him as a traitor.  Because I'm wondering it myself.  I kept thinking he was going to whisper to Jon about infiltrating the wildlings.  (Did I miss this?  I have to watch clips on YouTube this year.)And, I'm sorry, but the Other looked like something out of the Jim Henson workshop.  Why didn't it kill Sam, exactly?  Is Sam toting around the bundle of dragonglass like some kind of Others kryptonite? (not that non-bookies would understand its significance yet, so that can't be it.... I guess he's too insignificant a threat to them, though that never stopped them from killing children.)  Am I wrong?  Did it not notice Sam behind the rock?Didn't mind how the Shae & Tyrion relationship has shaped up; can't believe they wasted more time on Ros in this episode (WTF?) being enlisted by Varys  --c'mon, wasted scene, people!  It seems we will never be free of this invented persona, while other characters have been merged, eliminated, name-changed, etc.  Maybe she ends up being the one to betray Tyrion later (?).  And thank goodness he gets to keep his nose.  Not even Rorge was missing a nose during his brief screen time.I don't see the point of saving Ser Dontos earlier in the season because if he shows up in S3 non-book readers will, say, "Wait, tell me who that is again?"Liked that little touch with Theon being driven to total exasperation by that damn horn (though the horn sounded so fake).  But did I miss something between Theon being knocked unconscious and the burnt ruin?  Aren't non-bookies wondering what exactly happened to the ironborn and which parties did the burning?  (I know what a cliffhanger is, but this one seemed a bit of a gap.)Certainly don't mind that Bran is being wheeled off in a cart instead of expecting poor Hodor to carry him on his back the whole damn way. . . .  Don't mind that Luwin dies at the weirwood and Osha finishes him off actually.  Not in the book is it?I'm just not going to say, "Oh, I'm so grateful they're making this series at all that therefore every episode is the best they could do for television.  10 out of 10, perfect score."I gave it a 10 because I enjoyed it! I just can't understand all of the extreme negativity I see on here because I think the show is incredible. I know that I'm a lot more lenient than some book readers when it comes to departures from the original material, but that's only because I'm so impressed with the cast, sets, costumes, etc, and yes, most of the writing. And I'm a pretty laid back person.It was never going to be a word for word adaptation. And no TV show is as powerful as the human imagination. But there is so much outrage on these boards. It's not like the show writers are rewriting your copy of ACOK - the original version of the HotU still exists, go read it if you prefer it! (And I do. But I wouldn't go so far as to call the show version "insulting", as some people do.)As for the Sam/Other thing, the Other might take a swing at Sam when we next return to the Fist. Blimey, who cares if that scene looked like the Walking Dead, it was awesome and so scary. And have people who complained about the zombies not realised that the wights are...well... zombies?Actually, we agree about Ros. It's an old complaint, but if they're going to trim bits of the story that are important (due to time constraints) they have to replace it with something more substantial than Ros' boobs.For the sake of practicality, can you imagine how difficult it would be to have (basically) the main character on the show missing a nose? And Rorge's missing nose was creepy as fuck in the books, but not... not really necessary in the show, when you think about prosthetics and stuff. As for Ser Dontos, maybe they were using him to show Sansa's nature off a bit, I'm not sure.It was pretty obvious to me that the Bastard's Boys burnt Winterfell, but yes, I'd have no idea of that if I hadn't read the books. I'm sure they'll explore it later on. It was pretty obvious to the audience, book readers and non readers alike, that Theon couldn't have ordered the destruction of Winterfell because he was unconcious.Oh, and as for Qhorin whispering to Jon about infiltrating the wildlings, sadly he didn't do it in this episode but in episode 8 I think, he said something about one man inside the army being worth 100 fighting against it.I know that "spot the difference" is a pretty loose term. I haven't been reading the books for as long as some of you have - doesn't mean I love them any less, but I can understand how something you've devoted a lot of time to over many years being brought to TV only to disappoint would be unenjoyable. But it doesn't disappoint me, and so I'm able to defend it like this. Some of the complaints on these boards (Syrio has HAIR?) just seem so petty to me, some, obviously more substantial (Jon & Qhorin - I'm not really sure why they changed that because it was one of my favourite things in ACOK) (or HotU - which could never have been as good as it was in the books). But everyone sees things differently, I don't want to argue with you or anyone, and I'm sorry you haven't enjoyed this episode because I really liked it.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 06 June 2012 - 06:23 AM.
174	TeamDanyArya	2012-06-06	I'm curious, why do people expect to see absolutely everything as it happens identical to the books? The producers have said time and time again, they have delayed certain characters for future seasons so as to not completely confuse the audience and because of expenses. It doesn't mean certain storylines are being ditched in their entirety. We may still get Cat going to Riverrun. We are getting the Reeds (ugh) but not until season 3. We are getting Ramsay Bolton but not until season 3. Some of the reordering I think in the long haul, will make sense. Wait until you've seen the whole damn series before getting upset. Why do people expect major characters to be completely fleshed out, even though they aren't by the end of book 2 let alone by book 5 right away? Do some not understand character development? Was that not gone over in any English you've ever taken? For people who can slog through thousands of pages and be patient to see where things are going, a lot of you seem to demand instant gratification from the TV show. Get over yourself and just enjoy the damn thing and if you can't, stop watching and stop whining about every 'injustice'.
There are things I like and things I don't but I don't browbeat stuff. I don't let it kill my overall enjoyment for the best show on TV because it is well-acted, usually well-written, and is just so different from anything else. For example, I hate Ros. Don't get why she's still around but maybe she'll serve some purpose after all besides breasts. That being said, I hope they keep her in extremely low doses however, I don't let that destroy things for me. Robb's being an idiot but then again, he was an idiot in the books with his quickie marriage. He may be a badass on the field but  he is still young and prone to making mistake in his personal life. While Talisa may not be Jeyne Westerling, it's still the same concept so again, that change in character name doesn't bother me.
175	Blangadanger	2012-06-06	Perhaps it was because I was very pessimistic about the HoTU scene being translated on-screen. Faithfully or otherwise, I figured they would digitize it to death. I was pleasantly surprised at how well it came across on the screen. It didn't have nearly the amount of prophecies of the book, but that would have taken at least one entire episode of television. Instead it was a very stripped down version of Dany coming to grips about her own identity. When she exits the dream and sees her dragon, strong-Dany is back, and with a vengeance. I loved her reaction to the empty safe. 
I was also worried they would attempt to end every storyline in one episode, but that also appeared to be unjustified, since they wrap up each story pretty well. Tyrion's scene was fantastic, easily one of the best scenes of the entire series. Sansa's scene in court was great as well. I love that we get a glimpse of Jaime being impressed by Brienne's adept skills in battle. The final scenes of Jaqen H'ghar and Maester Luwin were sad, because the actors that played them have been wonderful.
Alfie Allen's two speeches were stirring but ultimately his scene proved anticlimatic as they just cut to Winterfell burning. I did not think that the transition was smooth, and it didn't impact me enough to see the mighty city destroyed. Equally unsatisfying was Jon's battle with Qhorin which had very little context or explanation for it occurring in the first place. My non-book reader friend had some semblance of understanding since they touched on the false betrayal two episodes ago, but the way they left it ambiguous in the end was poorly thought out in my opinion. Though Sam's interactions with the walkers was terrifying, I thought it felt out of place in relation to the rest of the season. It didn't have the same emotional impact as the high fantasy ending to Season 1 as I'm guessing they wanted it to have. Instead I think it would have made more sense to end with a more prolonged betrayal of Qhorin or a more emotionally stirring shock of Winterfell burning.
All that being said, I thought it was one of the best episodes of the season and gave it a 9.
176	cpmcamerarigs	2012-06-06	I love the TV show and letâ<U+0080><U+0099>s face it, what other epic TV shows do we have that is in the same class as this?  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a miracle in itself that a fantasy show like this even got made, closest thing would be ABCâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Once Upon A Time.  Imagine if one of the three networks tried to pull this off.    So take what you can get and pray to the gods; old and new that its HBO and not a network.  Also I understand the disappointment of some of the readers when comparing the book to the show.  I watched S1 with no book history and loved it.  I then started reading the books.  Reached the books in the same spot as the show right around blackwater and noticed that I was not as.... (hard to find a good word to describe it).  Maybe not as surprised by the show as I was in the past.  I knew what was going to a happen.  Does not mean the show is bad, but had something to compare it too now and I think that takes away from the show.  So from a strictly show standpoint if you can stand to not read the books you will enjoy the show much more, and thats a good thing. More then likely why even with bad ratings here the actual viewership has continued to go up.  But the books are just too darn entertaining to put down. Anyway specific to some of the characters and what some have said;Sam and the WW.  I am a little confused by that as well.  Could they possibly have the battle there, around Sam? Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my only thought. Otherwise I agree why would they not kill and turn him?  Its a teaser and only a teaser as the order is so messed up that I hope S3 does not start off like it left with Sam behind a rock.  But we'll see. Danny.  Well she is written as a 13 year old in the books and she came across to me as a bratty little 13 year old kid there.  But even HBO has its limits, and a 13 year old with a horse lord is one of those limits.  So they upped the age.  Makes sense, but they kept the tone of the character as still a brat.  So its frustrating to see someone as old as her acting like her has been written.   If they matured her attitude as well as her age it would have changed who she really is.  For that reason she is still one of my favorites. Rob.  For most of the 2S in the book he is off scene, to the point that you really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t hear anything about him.  Not until he comes back already wed do you get the back-story.  And basically thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all it was at the point.  Back story.  So I for one am not too worried that they switched it up.  I certainly feel more connected to the TV character wife he married then the book character wife he married.  Other stuff too, but my take away is its a damn good show, sad to see this season end and looking forward to next season!
177	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	I'm curious, why do people expect to see absolutely everything as it happens identical to the books?IÂ´m curious, when has anyone ever actually said that this is what they wanted?
178	Nipz	2012-06-06	This was posted in the wrong thread... now im moving here to the right one.They shouldnt have shown the walkers at all. I hope to forget that image. The undead horse surounded by MIST would of been awesome, then cut scene. I would not be afraid of that, I would laugh at it. The wights looked good tho.HOTU sucked, boring even. I Understand they dont want spoiler's, but they could of at least made it fun, they tryed heartfelt with Drogo, it fell flat.The only thing i found interesting was, Dany never touched the throne, is it foreshadowing that she we make it all the way to KL, but never take the throne? Just interesting.What about Jaqen telling Arya, the FM will help you kill all those people, WTF they will do everything but that.Varys is masterful as always, but now he is with Ros The Useless, that is her formal title as far as i am concerned.Dont want to spoil things, but lets have Littlefinger tell sansa he will save her...Those thing where dumb, but i understand it cant be the books.8/10 as far a TV goes3/10 in relation to book. Thank you.  A dual rating.  That's a good idea.  Everyone's just getting too wrapped up in how literal the translation is.  Fact is, you can't be literal to the source.  Unless you had 1st person narrative for every character, since that is how the books are done.  The show has to express the same emotions visually without character thoughts of insight, that's hard to do only with facial expression and what is said (I think we all know most people in the books never say what they are thinking anyway, right?)9/10 as a tv series7/10 as a book adaptationWould have liked a more intense HotU scene, and Jon being less of a pansy/screw up and the Halfhand/Jon scenes that were cut put in.  I think Jon learned a fair bit from Quorhin before being captured is all.  Fairly minor gripes.
179	phedre	2012-06-06	I loved it. I keep telling my husband I'm in the perfect place. I read the books like 8 or 9 years ago, so although I remember some of the general things that happen, watching the TV show is still a 'world of wonder' to me. I'm far enough removed from the books that I'm not drawing any comparisons, or being bummed that something specific isn't included in the show.
I thought they did a great job of bringing tieing up the storylines, and left us with a great cliffhanger with the Others.
Already counting down to Season 3, can't wait!!
180	AndrA©s Garcia	2012-06-06	Most people love the show as it is. The reason I'm emphasizing this is that, for some reason, people have got the impression that most book readers find it severely lacking. This is probably not the case. Let me point out that the series has sold twenty million books and that not all book readers bother to visit this forum. This is mostly a place where loudmouths such as myself can gather to discuss and complain.
Also, even among us loudmouths the show has been received extremely well. Never has the amount of people who rated an episode 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7, ever been greater than the amount of people who gave the same episode a rating of 8, 9, or 10 -- when taken together. This does not necessarily entail that the show is of a good quality of course, but it is at least a prima facie indicator that it is. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by AndrA©s Garcia, 06 June 2012 - 04:01 PM.
181	Bee Diddie	2012-06-06	I love it how people say fans who read the books are playing "Spot the difference". That isn't it at all. What I wonder, as I see all the very drastic changes from the literary work is...how much damage are they doing to the future story? What I mean is that The Song is not complete, the last two (?) books are not yet complete (or if they are, not released) so how do the writers know they aren't painting themselves into a corner. so to speak?
Don't get me wrong, I completely expected GoT to change some things for TV storytelling sake...but I felt that the changes made in VM were so broad it'll become something not even close to aSoIaF.
And even MORE worrying, IMO is will the TV series affect the way GRRM completes the saga?
182	violet storm	2012-06-06	I do not expect the TV show to follow the book religiously. Was happy that the integrity of characters and their core was preserved (with the exception of Shae, who is much more simple in the book), however, was still frustrating to see your favorite scenes from the book being mercilessly modified.
HotU scene was unexpected, but interesting. The snow, the other side of the wall and khal maybe too much of a hint of what hasn't been written yet (it is clear that her war is beyond the wall, but how Drogo plays into it...). Still where is the prophecy??? It is a foundation for the entire Dany's storyline.
Not sure what is the point of introducing two interesting women in addition to books - Rob's wife and Varis's whore... I guess the first explains better the motivations behind Rob's wedding, since if just show Jane from the book, Rob and his feelings might seem lame on the screen. The second might help set up the future with a visible Varis's spy...
Blackwater was the best episode, by far - focused, emotional, true to characters. The last one - just wrapping all the lines... Slightly disappointing.
VERY afraid of what they are going to do with book 3, it is my favorite by far...
183	Morrigan	2012-06-06	But what was the rationale for Jeyne Westerling?  Wasn't it really just love there as well?No, it wasn't.At least they gave this woman enough screentimeThey could have given screen time to Jeyne Westerling and her "comforting" of Robb as well. That isn't the issue.and appeal (the avoiding slavery/helping people was a nice touch) that you could see how Robb might fall for her.Nice touch? Maybe for those who like anachronistic, out of place spunk... personally I thought her sob story was cliched and eye-rollingly lame.
184	Nipz	2012-06-06	I love it how people say fans who read the books are playing "Spot the difference". That isn't it at all. What I wonder, as I see all the very drastic changes from the literary work is...how much damage are they doing to the future story? What I mean is that The Song is not complete, the last two (?) books are not yet complete (or if they are, not released) so how do the writers know they aren't painting themselves into a corner. so to speak?Don't get me wrong, I completely expected GoT to change some things for TV storytelling sake...but I felt that the changes made in VM were so broad it'll become something not even close to aSoIaF.And even MORE worrying, IMO is will the TV series affect the way GRRM completes the saga? Martin has said that the producers know where the story is going, and roughly how it'll end in an interview...in case anything should happen to him he said, lol.  Martin is a consult on the show too, it's not like he doesn't have a say in it.  He's written an episode per season thus far.  As far as I know the only affect the show has had on Martin is that he said Osha is much more interesting on the show so he may write more compelling sequences with her in the future.
185	Greywolf2375	2012-06-07	Watched it a few times now, and the things I liked on the first watch, I still like, the things I disliked, I still dislike.
It's not like the acting was ever bad, but it has only improved through the season.  I don't know what the criteria are for nominations, but there are needs to be one for "ensemble badassery".  It's like watching a game between two very talented teams - many times teams play to the level of their opponent. The same is true here - there are a number of exceptionally talented actresses and actors individually on this series, but put them in scenes together and the product is by far greater than the sum of the parts.
Likes:
Jaqen & Arya - the tweak in his saying she can have revenge is weird, but how they operate against each other is fantastic.  The face switch at the end...perfect.
Joffrey/Tywin/LF - Joffrey's arrogance after his "there's too many" was perfect, Tywin owning the throne room even before he was named Hand and Petyrs little comments.  Varys' look at him was great.   Again, the issue I had was when they continued and LF bared his soul to Sansa...doesn't make sense, but we'll see.
HotU - Dany's journey through was well portrayed, the chains disappearing when Pree died was interesting.
The Shambling horde - loved how they had them come out of the frost, the 2nd WW raising the sword and it just glowed as ice.
Stannis/Mel - have not been a fan of how they have portrayed this relationship or what they have done, but they ended it very well.
Theon - Allen did an amazing job this season. 
Dislikes:
HotU - it was very much less than it could have or should have been.  The visions given in the book do not have to be shown verbatim, but there are many ways to show Robb in danger from the Freys.  The House of the Undying...is one warlock?
Jon/Quorin/Wildlings - for me, losing out on Squire Dalbridge had an impact - it was a great contrast to Jon's running away for his half brothers that Dalbridge would make a stand for his black brothers.  Halfhand in the ends looks like just some other NW brother, there was nothing he did that made him stand out.  And I think the fact that Halfhand did not order him to turn his cloak is not a small detail.
Robb's courtship/wedding - I don't care that he was married under the 7, they are his mother's gods, so fine.  However they make him out to be no better than Joffrey in the "spoiled brat, I do what i want to" Kingship.
Brienne/Jaime - the thing I still don't like about Brienne's situation is that no one is questioning how Renly died.  The last people to see him alive walked into Robb's camp and no one said anything.  Kingslanding hears about Renly's death, and no one makes comment that Catelyn & Brienne ran?
Pycelle - so Pycelle opens up to Tyrion that he is not feeble at all?  Why?  That makes 0 sense since Pycelle is still portaying the doffering old man to the court.  Tyrion may no longer be Hand, but he's not dead.
Sam/WW/horde - I'm sure Sam lives, but quite the hamfisted cliff hanger.  They have no problem showing the size of this force, why not have the NW see it from the top of the Fist and show just how much trouble they are in?  As it stands now, this is like the Craster/Jon cliffhanger - no reason for him to live except plot armor.
Winterfell - So Luwin is just about dead, but drags himself to the heart tree?  The burning of WF just felt forced based on what we're given.  Funny thing is, I have seen people complaining that Bran was in a wheelbarrow - to me that makes more sense than Hodor carrying him. They try to gather up what they can for food and supplies, why not use something like that until they are in a place they can no longer use it.
Great TV?  Yes, but even then there are some holes.  Great adaption?  No, they whiffed on what I think are some important parts of the story.
6.
186	Greywolf2375	2012-06-07	dp
					
					
							Edited by Â<U+008A>edA1 vlk2375, 07 June 2012 - 07:59 AM.
187	Dazo	2012-06-07	.....Now we play the waiting game till Season 3.When you play the game of waiting, you wait or you die...
188	protar	2012-06-07	Gave it a 6. It made for fairly entertaining TV, but nothing special and I'm still getting frustrated at the changes from the books for no reason. I did like the scene at the end, but for the rest of the arcs there was little sense of climax. Mainly:The HOTU was pretty atmospheric, but Dany learnt nothing from it. In the books it's a major pillar of her development, she obsesses over what she sees and hears in there. Jason Momoa's sallary for that scene could probably have paid for some more visions, and I can't see why they left out the three fires prophecy.Jon's fight with Qhorin lacked the emotion it had in the books, due to them cutting their relationship in favour of more Rose Leslie and I don't think the reason for the fight was made clear enough.Winterfell has been amazing this season, but in the finale it was botched. Bran and co. emerging from the crypts didn't have the impact it should have due to the pointless, earlier reveal that he was alive and all the heavy handed hinting before that. The Sacking of Winterfell fell flat and would be confusing for non-readers and ending Theon's arc with comedy was atrocious.Those were the three main arc conclusions I didn't like. The stuff at KL and Robb's camp wasn't exactly climactic either but nor was it in the books, and it wouldn't have needed to be if we'd gotten some other climactic events in the episode.Also despite being the longest episode this season it felt like one of the shortest. Would've been good if Tywin had more than one line for instance. Instead we get more screentime for Ros.Overall a dissapointing season for book fans, but with a small glimmer of hope for Season 3 due to more episodes to adapt the story.
189	rmholt	2012-06-08	The little smoke ring that baby Drogon blew before the dragons got their igniters lit was awesome.
190	rmholt	2012-06-08	I think the writers and directors, etc, are genuine fans of the book and really talented.  Again, contrast Dune.
191	protar	2012-06-08	I think the writers and directors, etc, are genuine fans of the book and really talented.  Again, contrast Dune.Must...resist...making...comment
192	rmholt	2012-06-08	Must...resist...making...commentWell perhaps this will take the knot out of your tongue"Game of Thrones explained"http://www.youtube.c...feature=fvwbrelMarie
193	OighearAgusTine	2012-06-08	9Really the only thing that stopped this from being a ten was the house of the undying, but let's be honest, they've fucked Dany up so much this season, was anyone expecting anything less? I even liked her walking out of the Throne room to the other side of the wall, considering that's where her real war will be, but the way she was chained and killed Pyat Pree was just...I'm convinced D&D are part of the crew that hate Dany and are trying as hard as they can to make the T.V. folk do the same.Anyway, on with the highs. I loved Stannis's scene. And for anyone who says it was out of character, just remember what we are told about his mind set during the first half of SOS. Theon's speech was great. So was his anger for the horn blower. I knew they were just going to let his men betray him, so it didn't bother me that we didn't get to see the Bastard of Bolton. (Not bastard, never bastard! You mustn't call him that!) The horse shitting made me laugh, just because so many diehards on this board argued they wanted to see it. The whole scene in the throne room was by the book, so that was great. I loved seeing the face change. For a second I thought they wouldn't show it. Without little grandfather I didn't expect the Stark boys to be split up, so nothing there. Jon's scene was rushed. The who thing with him and the Halfhand was D.A.B. I'm still pissed about Ghost too. I don't know why they already showed Littlefinger as Sanas savor, but T.V. wise I guess it works. Tyrion's scene with Shae was Emmy  worthy. His breakdown looked 100% real, unlike his scar...they better make that look better next season. Not noseless, I fully understand you can't do that, but how about make it look like it wont fall from his face if he turn's his head too fast. I liked the look of the Others better last season, but if we're going to be getting full views of them, you kinda have to lay the makeup on a bit differently. The CGI dead zombie folks looked great though.As for the season as a whole, I'd give it a strong eight where last years was a outstanding ten. A Clash of Kings is a developing story, and probably the weakest of the series, but I was let down in someways regardless. Mainly because of Dany, who is my favorite in the book. If they fuck her Storm of Swords story up like they did this year...boy are they in trouble. She easily has the most interesting development in that story.couldn't agree more funnily enough - the story changes have been controversial among the lads I know; but I try to remain indifferent form it, especially if it works.. kinda.And yes... if they so much as even touch a hair on dany's story in the 3rd book I will be super mad /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
194	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-08	Dany's storyline in book 3 was great.  It contains one of, if not my all time favorite moment.  After the transaction she rides up and down the ranks of the Unsullied telling them they are hers as the slaver tries to yank Drogon up the stairs and asks why he won't obey, "That's because he's not a slave.  Dracarys!"  Oh my GOD that was amazing. 
But I think the show took a lot of the punch out of that scene by having her basically do that in the HotU.  I like the whole HotU scene as a whole, and as a non book reader would have loved the ending as well.  But knowing that scene in Storm, that's all I could think about. 
Anyway, I think on the whole, Storm will be adapted far more faithfully than Clash simply by them having 20 hours to tell the story, not 10.  So, I'm confident everything that got pushed out of Clash will be done justice in seasons 3 and 4.  I also think Feast will start to bleed into season 4 a bit.  I think the chronology of book to season will get real messy with season 4, certainly 5.
195	J_Crews	2012-06-08	A good article.Game of Thrones: Season 2 Review from IGNIt's a review of the season as a whole, but this seemed the only thread it made sense to post it it.
196	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-09	To follow that, I found this season review to quite good as well...http://www.avclub.co...rones-bu,76961/
197	protar	2012-06-09	Well perhaps this will take the knot out of your tongue"Game of Thrones explained"http://www.youtube.c...feature=fvwbrelMarieWhat has that got to do with anything?
198	drm7	2012-06-09	Anyway, I think on the whole, Storm will be adapted far more faithfully than Clash simply by them having 20 hours to tell the story, not 10.  So, I'm confident everything that got pushed out of Clash will be done justice in seasons 3 and 4.  I also think Feast will start to bleed into season 4 a bit.  I think the chronology of book to season will get real messy with season 4, certainly 5.I'm pretty psyched that SoS will be split, because it's such a big book and SO much happens. I think that "Feast" and "Dance" will be combined for the show, as the timelines overlap. It will be interesting to see how many "show seasons" they get out of Feast/Dance, given the (IMHO) large amount of downtime in Feast. (Lots of walking from place to place, etc.)
199	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	What'd you think?Best show on Television along with Boardwalk Empire, Dexter and Homeland . .  Here1. I enjoyed the Queen Dany scenes, they were good.2. I liked the Zombie Apocalypse army at the end led by the White Walkers/Others3. I didn't like Robb's wedding to gods he doesn't believe in . .  I thought they screwed the pooch with Robb this year.4. The Winterfell destruction is a mystery as they have changed the reasons and causes for things on the show.5. Jon's story was the weakest and the worst adapted this year, but has potential for next season.6. Good to see King's Landing and I loved Shae's acting toward the end of the episode. Setting up for seasons 3 and 4 of Storm of Swords/Feast
200	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	Dany's storyline in book 3 was great.  It contains one of, if not my all time favorite moment.  After the transaction she rides up and down the ranks of the Unsullied telling them they are hers as the slaver tries to yank Drogon up the stairs and asks why he won't obey, "That's because he's not a slave.  Dracarys!"  Oh my GOD that was amazing.But I think the show took a lot of the punch out of that scene by having her basically do that in the HotU.  I like the whole HotU scene as a whole, and as a non book reader would have loved the ending as well.  But knowing that scene in Storm, that's all I could think about.Anyway, I think on the whole, Storm will be adapted far more faithfully than Clash simply by them having 20 hours to tell the story, not 10.  So, I'm confident everything that got pushed out of Clash will be done justice in seasons 3 and 4.  I also think Feast will start to bleed into season 4 a bit.  I think the chronology of book to season will get real messy with season 4, certainly 5.I agree . .  from now on we will see more a blended time line with some events pushed back and some moved forward . ... it is  D and D's baby totally now.
201	SFA-OK	2012-06-10	I have to say that I find it more entertaining to read the reviews on here than actually watching the episodes this season, lol. From fans giving the show a 10 and then listing a number of faults with the episode to fans of the book like myself that bitch about the overall ho-hum quality of the TV show. Good stuff. I still haven't watched the final episode, not sure when that will be. The show's overall approach and it's writing is just too middle of the road and cliched. I was hoping the writing would improve this season but I think it's actually gotten worse in a lot of ways.
202	Andrei Gumeni	2012-06-10	Stop your bitchin and be happy the stuck to the books unlike true bloodThey didn't.They changed so much.
203	Kese	2012-06-17	Where i can find ratings averages for seasons 1 & 2?  My google skills fail me.
204	FrozenFire3	2012-06-20	Where i can find ratings averages for seasons 1 & 2?  My google skills fail me.You can find ratings on the Game of Thrones series English page on Wikipedia /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
205	Kese	2012-06-21	You can find ratings on the Game of Thrones series English page on Wikipedia /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I was looking westeros forum users ratings averages,  those 'how you rate' things.
206	FrozenFire3	2012-06-22	I was looking westeros forum users ratings averages,  those 'how you rate' things.Oh, I'm sorry!
207	Ran	2012-06-22	SEASON 1
EP 101: ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*0)+(4*1)+(5*4)+(6*15)+(7*36)+(8*54)+(9*56)+(10*26))/192          =	 8.13
EP 102: ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*0)+(4*2)+(5*3)+(6*17)+(7*38)+(8*95)+(9*80)+(10*24))/259          =	 8.15
EP 103: ((1*1)+(2*0)+(3*1)+(4*6)+(5*4)+(6*15)+(7*52)+(8*76)+(9*61)+(10*19))/235          =	 7.87
EP 104: ((1*1)+(2*2)+(3*5)+(4*3)+(5*9)+(6*24)+(7*36)+(8*64)+(9*88)+(10*39))/271          =	 8.00
EP 105: ((1*0)+(2*2)+(3*4)+(4*3)+(5*1)+(6*6)+(7*23)+(8*48)+(9*101)+(10*73))/261          =	 8.63
EP 106: ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*3)+(4*3)+(5*2)+(6*6)+(7*12)+(8*34)+(9*97)+(10*67))/224          =	 8.78
EP 107: ((1*1)+(2*1)+(3*1)+(4*7)+(5*7)+(6*12)+(7*33)+(8*54)+(9*66)+(10*41))/223          =	 8.11
EP 108: ((1*0)+(2*0)+(3*0)+(4*1)+(5*4)+(6*5)+(7*13)+(8*46)+(9*79)+(10*116))/264          =	 9.03
EP 109: ((1*2)+(2*4)+(3*2)+(4*4)+(5*11)+(6*13)+(7*18)+(8*44)+(9*88)+(10*138))/324      =	 8.69
EP 110: ((1*1)+(2*0)+(3*2)+(4*2)+(5*2)+(6*6)+(7*11)+(8*50)+(9*125)+(10*162))/362      =	 9.07
Season 1 Average: 8.45
SEASON 2
EP 201: ((1*2)+(2*0)+(3*7)+(4*7)+(5*30)+(6*41)+(7*144)+(8*183)+(9*86)+(10*38))/540      =	 7.54
EP 202: ((1*7)+(2*5)+(3*10)+(4*12)+(5*27)+(6*49)+(7*93)+(8*95)+(9*56)+(10*16))/371      =	 7.01
EP 203: ((1*1)+(2*2)+(3*3)+(4*1)+(5*5)+(6*16)+(7*32)+(8*96)+(9*170)+(10*83))/409      =	 8.54
EP 204: ((1*5)+(2*3)+(3*10)+(4*8)+(5*19)+(6*34)+(7*67)+(8*115)+(9*99)+(10*47))/407      =	 7.67
EP 205: ((1*2)+(2*1)+(3*3)+(4*4)+(5*12)+(6*16)+(7*46)+(8*103)+(9*139)+(10*66))/392      =	 8.27
EP 206: ((1*2)+(2*7)+(3*9)+(4*10)+(5*16)+(6*21)+(7*41)+(8*82)+(9*136)+(10*98))/424      =	 8.10
EP 207: ((1*5)+(2*8)+(3*8)+(4*7)+(5*13)+(6*21)+(7*49)+(8*104)+(9*109)+(10*61))/385      =	 7.87
EP 208: ((1*5)+(2*5)+(3*10)+(4*14)+(5*18)+(6*44)+(7*81)+(8*103)+(9*66)+(10*30))/376      =	 7.29
EP 209: ((1*2)+(2*0)+(3*3)+(4*2)+(5*1)+(6*8)+(7*14)+(8*23)+(9*113)+(10*456))/624      =	 9.50
EP 210: ((1*18)+(2*14)+(3*20)+(4*31)+(5*45)+(6*67)+(7*106)+(8*176)+(9*210)+(10*144))/836  =	 7.58
Season Average: 7.94
208	Christopher	2012-06-23	The messed up the Theon GreyJoy part.  I have no idea how they are going to remedy the situation.
209	Kese	2012-06-24	SEASON 1Thanks!!
210	camilla	2012-06-24	i give 9 because i really like all the season ( and the actor/actress) but i didn't like so much the adaption that they gave to the story. scene and story like jeyne/talisa ,sansa and sandor , or the theon's end that in book are beutiful and full of energy in the tv serie are not so good as in the book.
211	LostSoul	2012-06-29	Gave it a 5, was really disappointed with Danny's scene... This was one scene in the whole book I was really looking forward to see on TV and they totally messed it up.  The ending part of danny burning the warlock didnt even look convincing.. and they missed out most of the prophecies...ridiculous... not happy with the way they potrayed dannys scene.
212	celticmyst08	2012-07-05	Gave it a 5, was really disappointed with Danny's scene... This was one scene in the whole book I was really looking forward to see on TV and they totally messed it up.  The ending part of danny burning the warlock didnt even look convincing.. and they missed out most of the prophecies...ridiculous... not happy with the way they potrayed dannys scene.I understand why didn't show the wolf head one. Pretty much all my non book reader friends think that Robb is going to die somehow, and if they showed that it would just confirm it. I'd like the RW to be as much of a surprise as possible, because it's so much more emotional and tragic that way IMO. As for the other ones, all the "threes," I do wish they had included those somehow, because it adds a lot more complexity to Dany's character rather than the "RAWR FIRE AND BLOOOOOD" thing that she's been doing so far. Perhaps they'll find a way to include them in season 3, maybe from another source?
213	Alex7s	2012-07-06	i voted 9.
I think i was expecting more for the house of the undying scenes, but even with the way the show is with no flashbacks was still good. i actually cried a river through out the ep. I enjoy watching Stannis as much as i did reading the books. AND! I found out i was pronouncing Valar Morghulis right all this time! yay for me~
214	Franz95	2012-07-07	I gave it 4.
Come on, let's be serious. 
The Sack of Winterfell was almost funny. In aCok I was like "OMG Reek is actually...OMG OOOOMG is he dead? I don't get it, IS THEON DEAD???". In this episode I was like "hahahahahahah" when he was hit.
The House of the Undying... I hoped we could see good old Rhaegar. I read the books after watching season 1 and I didn't know he had ever existed. His name must have been pronounced once in the whole series, in "The Kingsroad" in season 1. This was the right time to show him. He wasn't there.
These are my main complaints. 
(thumbs up to the line "thank you, wise bald man! Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me!". That one I liked.)
215	Rhaegar Targaryen's Ghost	2012-07-16	Rated it a eight. Wasn't too bad, glad that HoTU was cut down as that was probably one of the worst scenes in CoK. The scene with Dany in the throne room is very interesting.it happens to be one of the top 5 most important scenes in any of the books. its a glimpse into the future, and it pretty much shows what will happen in the future! shows the RW, hints at R+L=J, and shows a ton more!
216	Your Grace took the Black	2012-08-09	9. I rated this episode 9 and would rate the 9th episode 10!Season enders' cliffhangers is a requisite. Without a doubt, witnessing the white walkers (and ignoring/passing-by Sam) at the end of the episode made me want to ride a time machine and travel to March 31, 2013! It was like GoT meets The Walking Dead. LOL. Queer to think, aye. Let's see if they can pass the beyond south the Wall soon enough. Next thing I love about this episode was the part where Shae said: "You have a shit memory. I am yours and you are mine." And then Tyrion BURSTED into tears with that very compelling reaction, it made my eyes watery for quite a while. CHEERS FOR PETER DINKLAGE! COMPELLING! Well of course we know that Tyrion was scarcely given love and acceptance by his family. I wonder how their love will blossom til the next season. Next up, the very handsome and dashing Jaqen H'ghar turned in to someone not so handsome and dashing as we have seen him few episodes before. We have also known that he is part of The Faceless Man. But what highlighted this episode the most is Daenerys Targaryen in the House of the Undying. The last temptation with Khal Drogo made me laugh and cry at the same time. "Dracarys" she said and her dragons started to throw flames on the sorcerer. Wicked! We will be seeing and expecting a lot from Khaleesi especially on the 5th book.
217	Your Grace took the Black	2012-08-09	Yah.  Would agree to most of your complaints about the R+L=J but I believe HBO has a plan for this. They wouldn't want to spoil as early as this for us to look more forward to the TV adaptation.
218	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Gave it a 6. Maybe a bit harsh but I was annoyed.
Pros:
Theon's conversation with Luwin
Theon's battle speech
The ceremony in the Red Keep
Arya
Jaime and Brienne (but I think they have made Brienne too violent too soon)
Cons:
Jon
Daenerys
Actual sacking of Winterfell
Tyrion and Shae (they have changed Shae way too much, especially when you look at what happens in aSoS)
Ending (should have just had the three horn blasts then credits. Anti-climatic but less cheesy)
219	Phaing	2013-02-25	9Really the only thing that stopped this from being a ten was the house of the undying, but let's be honest, they've fucked Dany up so much this season, was anyone expecting anything less? I even liked her walking out of the Throne room to the other side of the wall, considering that's where her real war will be, but the way she was chained and killed Pyat Pree was just...I'm convinced D&D are part of the crew that hate Dany and are trying as hard as they can to make the T.V. folk do the same.Agreed.What some people need to understand is that there comes a point where... trying to avoid cliche's at all costs becomes a cliche' in itself, and perhaps the most pointless and worthless one of all.I give this a 9.Most of what got it over the top was the devastating ending scene.It's real.Its coming.And all of Westeros is playing into the hands of the Wendigo.(improper term? I calls 'em as I seems 'em)The very first scene of the 1st episode was north of the wall, and so was this one. This confirms my old theory that everything that is going to happen here hinges on the wall. Dani might be the key to a future that includes human survival somewhere in the 7 Kingdumbs, but that damn Wall is where the fates will be decided.The rest of it, all the self-destructive madness going on inside Westeros, is just window-dressing... albeit the most engrossing window-dressing I have ever encountered. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Most infuriating was the way the half-man has been shelved. I hope he catches the next ship headed for Qarth, ASAP.To be honest, I had avoided this series for a couple of years, thought it was just another Tudors kind of thing. Just this month I saw the 1st season and then bought the boxed set of season #2 sight-unseen, a first for me.So, yeah, just a newbie looking for the books now, so take what just I said at face value.
220	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-10	Yeah, season 2 was much weaker than the first one. The producers claim though that season 3 will be IT..
They spend most of the money on Episode 9 and it shows. That Episode is really great, probably the best one of all 20.
221	Fable	2013-03-18	A solid 8 from me, mainly due to the ending involving the white walkers and the House of undying scene. Nothing could beat episode 9 though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
222	Joyful Union	2013-03-18	Love this episode! Best moment? Pycelle tossing that coin to Tyrion, "For Your Troubles". What a badass line, loved it!
223	Ran	2012-06-03	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 03 June 2012 - 05:36 PM.
224	Sunni	2012-06-03	Did anyone else hear the words "Game of Thrones, season finale" and think OHHH NOOOOO!
I'm so bummed that the season is over.  I loved it.  Dany's trip to the House of the Undying.  How fabulous to see Khal Drogo and the baby.  
Everyone is off on a new adventure, Bran and Rickon, Jon Snow, Sam, Dany, Arya, Robb, Jaime, even Sansa (though we don't really see where she's going, or how she's staying) and Tyrion.
No  one has seen their status unchanged.
225	Tetrarch42	2012-06-03	So, some White Walkers are black/grey and shadowy whereas others are white with hair and neither are like the pale, gaunt, armour shifting Others from the books...? Interesting.
226	Rabbity	2012-06-04	[sorry, better use the spoilers thread.]
					
					
							Edited by Rabbity, 04 June 2012 - 01:47 AM.
227	teamocil	2012-06-04	That was so awesome!!  Zombies, dragons, White walkers with ice swords!  Augh, I can't wait another year for this....
What exactly happened at Winterfell?  I thought the Iron men gave up without a fight, so why was the castle burned and everyone killed?  And why was no one there when Bran and the rest walked out?  Does that mean that the 500 men burned the castle, and left?  Is that why Master Luwin sent them north, instead of south, since their supposed allies want them dead?  They were the bald guy's men, right (Robb's chief advisor)?  Does that mean that he's working against Robb?  Nooo, I can't take more Stark suffering.  
And wow, the House of the Undying scene was amazing!  What did it all mean?  Was the ruined, snow-blown Throne room a vision of the future, when the White Walkers overrun the world?  Dany's scene with ghost Drogo and baby was heartbreaking, showing just exactly what she's giving up for her quest for power.  I didn't quite understand how Dany overcame Xaro's people, or where all the Dothraki came from (I thought they were all killed earlier with Irri).  But it was all worth it: whiny annoying Dany seems to have given way to awesome badass Dany.  
I'm assuming she and her dragons are eventually going to have some epic showdown with the White Walkers, but I'm equally looking forward to the other story lines.  Like, what will Tywin do, and how will Tyrion claw his way back to power?  I am soooo looking forward to the upcoming Cersei/Margery rivalry: they both want the same thing (to be Queen) and I think Margery is going to crush Cersei.  Robb seems totally doomed now, he just doesn't know it.  The Night's Watch is toast, so what's going to happen at the Wall?  Poor Bran and Rickon are going to reach there, only to find that once again, there's no one to help them.  
But mainly: Ice Zombies!!!
228	drigoly	2012-06-04	What exactly happened at Winterfell?  I thought the Iron men gave up without a fight, so why was the castle burned and everyone killed?  And why was no one there when Bran and the rest walked out?  Does that mean that the 500 men burned the castle, and left?  Is that why Master Luwin sent them north, instead of south, since their supposed allies want them dead?  They were the bald guy's men, right (Robb's chief advisor)?  Does that mean that he's working against Robb?  Nooo, I can't take more Stark suffering.  there is no way to answer that question without spoilering the introduction of the most controversial and interesting character in the whole series
229	elementaru	2012-06-04	great episode, absolutely loved it. 
however, few questions as well.
wasn't Stannis Baratheon taken hostage on the wall in King's Landing by the Lannister soldiers? why is he at home free??
also, didn't quite understand why Sansa was still at King's Landing. wasn't she supposed to run away with "Dog"?
230	drigoly	2012-06-04	wasn't Stannis Baratheon taken hostage on the wall in King's Landing by the Lannister soldiers? why is he at home free??also, didn't quite understand why Sansa was still at King's Landing. wasn't she supposed to run away with "Dog"?* no, that were his men that dragged him away (Stannis) - red helmets = lannisters, everybody else = not lannisters /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />* the dog only offered her to run away with him, she rejected because she's afraid that they would get caught or because she's afraid that the whole suggestion was a trick by Joffrey to have a reason to punish her or because she simple does not trust the dog.
231	elementaru	2012-06-04	thanks for clarification.
another question - when they talked in the series few times already about Joffreys sadism with whores, was it about the same incident when Tyrion gave him present for the "nameday", or should we understand that he is doing it frequently now?
232	drigoly	2012-06-04	when they talked in the series few times already about Joffreys sadism with whores, was it about the same incident when Tyrion gave him present for the "nameday", or should we understand that he is doing it frequently now?same incident, he is too afraid to let a women actualy touch him as you could see by his reaction at the beginning of the scene with the whores
233	teamocil	2012-06-04	Another thing that just occurred to me: right after Littlefinger jokes about needing to acquire some sons and grandsons, the first thing he does is ... chat up Sansa.
Ewwww....
234	A Bear covered in Fluff	2012-06-05	Another thing that just occurred to me: right after Littlefinger jokes about needing to acquire some sons and grandsons, the first thing he does is ... chat up Sansa.Ewwww....Oh.... wow... you're right... huh....didnt catch that train of thought but OK. He did mention Cat (love like a sister... like a Lanister? OHHH MYYYYY!)Im surprized sansa didnt cry in joy and then say her lawl was a Bawl!Also! SHAE! Omg! Tyrion should have totally skipped town with her! Would save much grief for him since cercei wants him dead.Although in Arya's case, i want her to go with Jaqen (or not jaqen) and train in badassery but on the other hand I love her little relationship blossoming with Gendry. too many good offers turned down this week.Am I the only one who thinks Robb's screwed?
					
					
							Edited by DontCallMeLadyFluff, 05 June 2012 - 12:42 AM.
235	Zanz	2012-06-05	Another thing that just occurred to me: right after Littlefinger jokes about needing to acquire some sons and grandsons, the first thing he does is ... chat up Sansa.Ewwww....Oh.... wow... you're right... huh....didnt catch that train of thought but OK. He did mention Cat (love like a sister... like a Lanister? OHHH MYYYYY!)[img]http://i57.photobuck...37528786358.gif[/img](not sure, this isn't showing up for me. Just follow the link. Worth it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)Also, my friend and I think that Jon Snow and the Wildling army are going to sweep out of the north, fighting their way through the Whitewalkers (sort of disappointed that they don't really resemble at all what they're described as in the early parts of the first book, which I just started) and south to help the Starks, now that the Lannisters seem to have the upper hand. But we're solidly on Team Stark so it may be wishful thinking.It also seems to me that several storylines are leading to The Wall now: Jon Snow is already there, Maester Luwin suggested that Theon head there, so assuming he recovers from the bump on the head, I think he'll probably head north now that his own men have betrayed him, Bran, Rickon, Osha and Hodor are headed there, and I have a feeling Tyrion and Arya (though I can't remember if she said where she was headed...) will end up there eventually as well. Because of that, I don't think the Whitewalkers will overrun The Wall as easily as it might seem.First post. Love this show and love what little I've read of the first book so far!
					
					
							Edited by Zanz, 05 June 2012 - 02:37 AM.
236	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-05	This thread is much more fun than the spoiler threads!
237	Nymeria's pup	2012-06-05	This thread is much more fun than the spoiler threads!Agree! It is fun to see what non book readers think, what they get right and wrong, and to just get a new perspective. Cheers to a fun season and episode...boo that we must wait another year...
238	Svetopolk	2012-06-06	Cheers to a fun season and episode...boo that we must wait another year...Come on, be positive - only ten months;))
239	BaleriOne	2012-06-06	Various opinions and questions on finale:
The reason the Whitewalker-king(?) just looked at Sam, and apparently spared his life was a good way to communicate his insignificance in the event of Winter Coming. He was not perceived as a threat or vital one way or the other for what was taking place.
Disappointed to only see one Whitewalker, and hundreds of turned people - hopefully this will be more majestic in s03. He was clearly an elder/king, the Whitewalker in s01e01 was brown w/blue eyes.
Can somehow forgive Daenerys weak season, with a lot of whining, bad strategy (or none, just demanding) and horrible acting - finally looks like she is going dark and hard again, like she was transformed by the marriage to Dhrogo. She needs to be relentless, ruthless and dark to work, otherwise that character falls through.
Varys most definitely needs more screen-time to show his ways, or maybe it's good that his activities remain off-screen - too add to the mystique of his power?
The Imp prevails! - surely keen to avenge his demotion.
Is Sansa and Lord Baelish getting together?
240	BaleriOne	2012-06-06	Yeah and more,
So Dragons had not been around for Millennia right; I think that should have been more emphasized - the return of the dragons in the Universe, there should be more training, figuring out what they eat - protecting them better. I think they eat either horsemeat or people. Maybe Whitewalkers?
Clearly Westeros needs Daenerys help, as the only thing that kills Whitewalkers and turned people is fire...if she is returning, they might have to ally with her in return for the Throne!
Glad to see magic returning, Bran can probably evolve his visions into seeing the future - or control the wolves better. Hopefully the wolves will grow bigger and play more of an active role.
Any reason why Stannis is not using that black smoke demon in his campaign for the Throne? Surely it had more than one kill in it.
Cercei and Joffrey needs to die soon, too annoying - not clever enough.
Sansa needs to get her loyalty straight!
241	Bastard Walder	2012-06-07	Yeah and more,So Dragons had not been around for Millennia right; I think that should have been more emphasized - the return of the dragons in the Universe, there should be more training, figuring out what they eat - protecting them better. I think they eat either horsemeat or people. Maybe Whitewalkers?Clearly Westeros needs Daenerys help, as the only thing that kills Whitewalkers and turned people is fire...if she is returning, they might have to ally with her in return for the Throne!Glad to see magic returning, Bran can probably evolve his visions into seeing the future - or control the wolves better. Hopefully the wolves will grow bigger and play more of an active role.Any reason why Stannis is not using that black smoke demon in his campaign for the Throne? Surely it had more than one kill in it.Cercei and Joffrey needs to die soon, too annoying - not clever enough.Sansa needs to get her loyalty straight!1. Dragons eat sort of meat as long as it's cooked.2. Stannis didn't want to use Melisandre in the battle because he thought that if he had won people would say it was Melisandre who won the battle.
242	chico	2012-06-08	I agree with you, BaleriOne.  There doesn't seem to be a lot of emphasis on Westeros being aware of the dragons.  It seems like information is traveling back & forth between the islands pretty freely -- why would the existence of dragons not be FREAKING PEOPLE OUT?
Sansa -- come on girl!  You had a free ticket with the Hound, but you stuck around?  And now you're out of your obligation, but you tell Littlefinger you want to stay in King's Landing?  What is wrong with that chick?  Or maybe that little smile she gave as she started walking is the indicator and she's going to look for the Hound after all... hmm...
A couple of theories I have now that both the seasons are over:
Littlefinger & Varys -- they are definitely more in control of EVERYTHING than we realize.  It's not just the information they have/get, it's how freely they are able to move around without much impediment.  I am seeing Littlefinger & Margery as the King & Queen with Varys as the Hand of the King.
Jon & Ygritte -- oh yeah, they're gonna get together.  And I think Jon will become the Lord Commander of the Wall (at least) after the battle that appears to be imminent.  I wonder if Jon might go back to Winterfell once Bran & Rickon find him; then they'll rebuild the city together.
Robb, Catelyn -- I have a bad feeling about them.  Somehow I don't expect them to ever see Winterfell (burned down or otherwise) again.  And it makes me sad, because I (like almost everyone) totally love the Starks.
Tyrion -- something's going to happen and he's going to either leave King's Landing or be cast out.  I'd like to think Shae will go with him, but now that Tywin is in town, he's going to be pretty upset that Tyrion defied his order.
Joffrey -- he's going to get it.  Hard.  Bad.  And he totally deserves it.  I'm hoping it'll be Stannis that does it, or maybe one of Stannis & Melisandre's black, juicy smoke demons.
Daenerys -- as much as I'd love for her & Jorah to get together, she intends to be Queen and I can't see him as her King.  He'll be her Captain of the King's Guard or whatever.  She's going to do some damage with those dragons though.  And it seems obvious that the dragons will be what repels the white walkers -- it is a song of ICE and FIRE, after all.  But, she won't make it to the throne.  Remember, I have Littlefinger & Margery in that spot...
243	Callum_S	2012-06-08	holy cow what an ending i thought they couldn't top last weeks but wow is all ive got to say wrapped up yet started the next journey for next year
its got me wanting to read all the books and i was lost for a second when the third horn blew i was like what so scary about a snow storm wait holy cow no way and wow what will happen?
244	BaleriOne	2012-06-12	1. Dragons eat sort of meat as long as it's cooked.2. Stannis didn't want to use Melisandre in the battle because he thought that if he had won people would say it was Melisandre who won the battle.1. Cool, then they can just prepare it themselves with breathing fire.2. Fair enough, did not go very well though - retreat!
245	BaleriOne	2012-06-12	I agree with you, BaleriOne.  There doesn't seem to be a lot of emphasis on Westeros being aware of the dragons.  It seems like information is traveling back & forth between the islands pretty freely -- why would the existence of dragons not be FREAKING PEOPLE OUT?Indeed, just some whispers in the wind. Alot of people saw the Comet, but only a few knew it was a telltale of the return of the dragons. surely the Dragons will get more attention in s03.Sansa -- come on girl!  You had a free ticket with the Hound, but you stuck around?  And now you're out of your obligation, but you tell Littlefinger you want to stay in King's Landing?  What is wrong with that chick?  Or maybe that little smile she gave as she started walking is the indicator and she's going to look for the Hound after all... hmm...Her character development have been nill. She is still an aimless child, lost - without direction. Certainly not queen material.A couple of theories I have now that both the seasons are over:Littlefinger & Varys -- they are definitely more in control of EVERYTHING than we realize.  It's not just the information they have/get, it's how freely they are able to move around without much impediment.  I am seeing Littlefinger & Margery as the King & Queen with Varys as the Hand of the King.Hmm not seeing Littlefinger as king, he's the Loke-figure, the infinite jester without the laughs, the finger tickling the spider's web interrogating flies, the two-face - the unexpected turn.Jon & Ygritte -- oh yeah, they're gonna get together.  And I think Jon will become the Lord Commander of the Wall (at least) after the battle that appears to be imminent.  I wonder if Jon might go back to Winterfell once Bran & Rickon find him; then they'll rebuild the city together.Jon most def going to be king of the wall. From zero to hero. What's up with Rickon? He's said three lines in two seasons and is merely an extra - get rid of him or move him up with some magic or personal traits of value for plot.Robb, Catelyn -- I have a bad feeling about them.  Somehow I don't expect them to ever see Winterfell (burned down or otherwise) again.  And it makes me sad, because I (like almost everyone) totally love the Starks.Yes, they both need to die. Too positive characters, too good - to much of a herostory here. Catelyn is annoying, and a bad strategist. Robb's had a lot of beginner's luck, his marriage with that nurse bypassing his committment to the castle on the bridge girl is going to cost him a lot for sure, bad karma.Tyrion -- something's going to happen and he's going to either leave King's Landing or be cast out.  I'd like to think Shae will go with him, but now that Tywin is in town, he's going to be pretty upset that Tyrion defied his order.He's staying for sure, he's the lead and needs to be in the middle of the gut. Long climb back up for sure - a father son conflict!Joffrey -- he's going to get it.  Hard.  Bad.  And he totally deserves it.  I'm hoping it'll be Stannis that does it, or maybe one of Stannis & Melisandre's black, juicy smoke demons.Joffrey needs to kill himself, that'd be a worthy death for him, total humiliation. He's gone soon for sure.Daenerys -- as much as I'd love for her & Jorah to get together, she intends to be Queen and I can't see him as her King.  He'll be her Captain of the King's Guard or whatever.  She's going to do some damage with those dragons though.  And it seems obvious that the dragons will be what repels the white walkers -- it is a song of ICE and FIRE, after all.  But, she won't make it to the throne.  Remember, I have Littlefinger & Margery in that spot...Jorah seems really week actually, a bit of a wuss - not convincing as a protector. I think he is playing a double game. Daenerys hair will probably change at some point as the dragons gain power.Jorah leaks information to the Spider as a deal for having him redeemed, my own theory.BaleriOne
246	BaleriOne	2012-06-12	there is no way to answer that question without spoilering the introduction of the most controversial and interesting character in the whole seriescan you PM me the name of that controversial character?
247	xanmcgregor	2012-06-17	Great ending! Just a great scene (also, John Bradley's acting /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)
248	Ewan	2012-06-26	Something seems strange. Why do the white walkers leave people to live? Take Sam at the end.. And the beginning of the first ever episode of the first season, they let that man live too who abandoned his post. It never explained that...
249	BaleriOne	2012-07-02	Something seems strange. Why do the white walkers leave people to live? Take Sam at the end.. And the beginning of the first ever episode of the first season, they let that man live too who abandoned his post. It never explained that...I think the Whitewalkers have a bigger  mission and ethos behind their campaign of reclaiming the world than just killing without any differentiation. The one from s01e01 potentially was left to live to send a message that they were coming. Sam potentially left because of his insignificance to the event taking place.
250	HexenII	2012-07-23	I think the Whitewalkers have a bigger  mission and ethos behind their campaign of reclaiming the world than just killing without any differentiation. The one from s01e01 potentially was left to live to send a message that they were coming. Sam potentially left because of his insignificance to the event taking place.Or Sam was so afraid, that he was colder than the Whitewalkers.
251	rmholt	2012-07-29	great episode, absolutely loved it.however, few questions as well.wasn't Stannis Baratheon taken hostage on the wall in King's Landing by the Lannister soldiers? why is he at home free??also, didn't quite understand why Sansa was still at King's Landing. wasn't she supposed to run away with "Dog"?SHe looked ready to go and it wasnt really explained why she didnt. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  She would have been better off with him than with LittleFinger - he was the closest thing to a true knight she was ever going to find.
252	rmholt	2012-07-29	Something seems strange. Why do the white walkers leave people to live? Take Sam at the end.. And the beginning of the first ever episode of the first season, they let that man live too who abandoned his post. It never explained that...Maybe they thought he was too insignificant at the time given the larger goal. They might come back to get him (if we didnt know he survives)
253	Phaing	2013-02-26	Jorah seems really week actually, a bit of a wuss - not convincing as a protector. I think he is playing a double game. Daenerys hair will probably change at some point as the dragons gain power.Jorah leaks information to the Spider as a deal for having him redeemed, my own theory.BaleriOneHuh?No, Jorah is not playing a double-game anymore. He had his chance to walk away and allow Dani to be assassinated. And, he would have had everything he lost restored to him back in Westeros... for whatever that's worth during a Civil War!He's one of the faithful.Why are people amazed that word gets back to King's Landing about Dani AFTER she gets to Qarth. Its a whole bloody city with ships coming and going every day. People talk, after all, wouldn't it be more amazing if nobody bothered to mention it while trading?
254	Ran	2012-06-03	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 03 June 2012 - 05:36 PM.
255	David Martinez	2012-06-03	Winter is coming!
256	Fragile Bird	2012-06-03	That was one ugly Other,
257	Lady IronHeart	2012-06-03	Oh dear. House of The Undying. Kind of anticlimactic. I liked the Khal Drogo part but we could have done with a couple more visions.
258	Puck the Goat	2012-06-03	JS and QH are back.. wait, no... Oh, wildlings? Unsheath your swords fella's.... ummm.. a third horn?
YES!
259	Jovet	2012-06-03	I'm more disapointed that the House of the Undying sequence didn't reveal why it's called that!  
Overall this was my least-favorite episode of this year.
260	Puck the Goat	2012-06-03	Just gonna put this out there.
The episode, and most episodes, are good for the TV viewers to get where they need to be and set them up for where they need to go.
For the book readers (myself included) we get little golden nuggets... but let's face it, the series is not for us.
In the end... it was a great episode.
261	Stargaryen	2012-06-03	Here are some of my thoughts on the episode, in no particular order /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I pictured the Others as a lot more elegant, but the sword it was holding was fantastic. I am really glad it was white because all of the other times they have shown "others" they seem black, hairy and ape-like, so I'm very happy that it was the ghostly book style.But why does it SEE Sam and not care? That seemed wrong.LOVED Sansa's reaction! Especially because we can't read her thoughts like in the books.Tyrion could have been uglier, but tv Tyrion has always been the prettied up version of book Tyrion anyways lol.House of the Undying was way different, but cool I guess. Liked "vision" of destroyed Red Keep. I really liked putting Doreah in bed with (unspellable-name-without-my-book) and putting them in the empty safe. Bad a$$ moment for Dany.I felt like Luwin's death was kinda anti-climactic (side note: did he want to be killed without milk of the poppy in front of the Heart Tree so that he could be a blood sacrifice to the old Gods...? Thoughts?) but I still got a little choked up /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Theon scene was hilarious...'nough said...Still don't like the way they portrayed both Jon/Qhorin and Robb /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />But as an episode, 10/10 all the way!!!
262	Qwop22	2012-06-03	I'm sorry but that ending was weak. The White Walkers just look at same and move on? I don't think so. And I felt like I was watching The Walking Dead. 
Also, the house of the undying sucked. Sure the little scene of her in the throne room was nice, and her seeing Khal was touching for non book readers I'm sure. But other than that it left out huge prophecies for Dany. Three times you will be betrayed? The dragon has three heads? 
And we waited 9 episodes to see what was behind this mysterious XXD vault...and there was nothing? Pointless. Oh, and Danys handmaiden was sleeping with Xaro? Wtf
Jon's slaying of Qhorin was not setup properly in the show. There was no reason for him to completely kill Qhorin in the eyes of a non book reader. It just looked sloppy. Rattleshirt telling Jon to slay Qhorin to prove himself makes sense.
					
					
							Edited by Qwop22, 03 June 2012 - 10:37 PM.
263	Tourne-Toujours	2012-06-03	Sam is fucked
264	Ser Willbury	2012-06-03	What Robb did was stupid. I mean, I understand what he did by how was explained in the books. But now it's all about passion can make you look like a fool and it's all his fault. I want RW now!
265	Ser Willbury	2012-06-03	What Robb did was stupid. I mean, I understand what he did by how was explained in the books. But now it's all about passion can make you look like a fool and it's all his fault. I want RW now!
266	Lannes	2012-06-03	Loved the foreshadowing in the HOTU- the throne room covered in Snow.... Bring on the R+L=J partisans.
Loved Dany being very Targaryen with locking XXD and Dorreah in the empty vault. Don't piss off a Targ....even a realtively sane one.
Loved the dragons sitting there anticipating Dany giving them the word....Flame On!
Loved Theon and Luwin's scene.
Loved Tyrion's scene with Shae. Should really pay off if they conclude Shae's storyline like the book.
OTOH....
Jon and the Half-Hand's fight left some of the non-book readers I watch with lost and confused. They should have set that up better and more clearly.
The three horn blasts and the attack of the Others and Walkers didn't really convey the dread it should have. The scene felt flat and the look of the Other was not what I've pictured...but it's not my show to run... The Other apparently looking right at Sam and then moving on was just dumb.
Overall, an excellent episode.
267	Lord SnavE OtirB	2012-06-03	Really disapointed with the end.
Theon's part was horrible, no Ramsay, no reek. Really bad.
And at the... Why the others didnt kill Sam?? That was stupid...
268	Bastard of Boston	2012-06-03	The episode needed the extra 10 minutes tonight to compensate for the show's enormous penis.
Wow. That end scene? I just wanna say that George was doing Walking Dead long before Kirkman was doing Walking Dead. Every bit as epic as I imagined it to be. Every bit.
Now, the other scene I was looking forward to -- The House of the Undying. This fell kind of flat to me. I wanted the visions and the prophecies. But, I guess the show felt it was a little too abstract? I still think it would've been cool since it allowed for a Lost-type of effect, where people would be trying to piece it all together. However, seeing Dany on the Iron Throne set and the Wall set was nerdcool...as was seeing Momoa as Drogo again. Great scene between the two of them. To think it all began with a rape -- and they said it wouldn't last.
And, the dragons? What else can be said other than Dany is about 3x sexier when she has some mini weapons of mass destruction spooning with her.
The Theon/Luwin scene was phenomenal. Alfie Allen continues to bring all types of new life to a character I already love. And, one change I wouldn't have minded would've been Luwin surviving because of how great he's been on the show. But, with Jojen and Meera being confirmed for s3, I was expecting to be gutted over Luwin getting gutted.
The Stan/Mel scene was probably my least favorite. I didn't like seeing Mel on her heels when she should've used the excuse that Stannis didn't take her to the battle. That was her rationale.
Looks like they're making Littlefinger completely transparent in Sansa's escape bid. Don't really have a strong opinion one way or the other on this alteration, other than it's probably being done in an effort to give Littlefinger more screen time next season. I'm sure Dontos will still play a role.
Really liked how that entire Tyrell/Lannister scene played out. So much going on under the surface. I had to dodge my screen from all the bullshit being flung at me, out of the mouths of those bullshit artists, heh. I especially liked the looks between Margeary and Sansa...can't wait to see more of Marge next season. And, I gotta give Finn Jones credit -- his Loras is so much better the second time around. They really need to work on Lancel next. Gwen as Brienne was completely sold to me. She had the look, and I'm really glad she's backing it up. Glad I no longer have to worry about banishing her to life as a journeywoman in the WNBA.
And, Jaqen and his Faceless Man bit! Nothing really to pick apart other than...fucking cool.
The scar on Tyrion was great -- no need to get rid of his nose. It's perfectly adequate. Man, I'm excited as a pig in shit over the Lannister reunion. The Cersei/Tywin/Tyrion scenes next season are already getting me off and it hasn't happened yet...I feel like the limo ride home after the prom.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 03 June 2012 - 11:00 PM.
269	Fragile Bird	2012-06-03	Dracarys!
270	Laohu	2012-06-03	Only 10 replies half an hour after the season finale ends... Hm, Blackwater had at least 10 pages by this point last week.
Anyway, I liked the episode very much, but I cannot say I loved it. While it had a lot of great scenes, the majority of which coming from Daenerys' story arc, I could not shake the feeling that it was slightly anticlimactic. I suppose that is OK since there was absolutely no possible way they were going to top the Blackwater episode, and we all need to come to terms with that if we do not want to feel disappointed.
As an aside, there was one thing that really irked me, and it had nothing to do with the story or the acting. It actually comes from the technical side of things. Why does it seem like any time something fantastical screams, it sounds the same? I am thinking of the dragons, the shadow baby, and the Others. I honestly thought the sound editors just recycled the same sound for all three of these creatures and slightly altered it. I was hoping for some booming, deep voice to wrap up the season, and I all got instead was an scream identical to the two creatures I just mentioned. Oh well..
Commence the S3 premiere countdown.
271	Faint	2012-06-03	The House of the Undying sequence was terrible. It was almost as if they read the chapter and decided to jettison everything that made it great. Well, that's two for two now. They cut out my favorite scene in AGoT and now they've done the same for ACoK. Maybe they'll have the Red Wedding occur off-screen.
272	The Lion of Valyria	2012-06-03	Okay, I haven't been watching the show (no HBO), so all my information is second-hand, but as far as I know, Ramsay's atrocities weren't mentioned in the season as they were in the book, so perhaps D&D didn't show the actual burning to keep viewers in the dark to the fact that it wasn't the Ironborn who did it, making the Bolton's betrayal all the more shocking when it happens.
273	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-06-03	-wtf is with Littlefinger disclosing a major spoiler so early!? did they forget the camera was rolling or something?? wow...
274	LordBloodraven	2012-06-03	Disappointed with the Undying Scenes. No Undying, one vision... I hoped that it would compensate for the weasel soup and many other small things that I loved in ACOK...
Loved Theon's parts, I was chuckling all the time. So pumped with his speech and then ...bang.
Jon Snow's fight with Qhorin was good too and Jaqen's new face was kind of creepy.
The Other is fantastic. Too zombie-like perhaps but gods, that spear was nice and the blizzard preceding their advance.
Robb: how can you fuck yourself like that. And Talisa/Jeyne, you'll have more blood than you care for in your hands.
Tyrion is wonderful as always. It's despicable how they used him and discarded him like that. Fuck.
Edit: I forgot Stannis and Mel's scene. Stan was so desperate, hahaha, he was on the verge of crying and that would have been too much. "Where is the lord of light? Can he protect you there? I killed my brother..." I wonder what he sees, did Mel put some powder into that fire? Stannis is not the kind of guy who pretends when he doesn't see anything.
					
					
							Edited by LordBloodraven, 03 June 2012 - 11:06 PM.
275	Tsavong Lah	2012-06-03	At first I was upset about the House of the Undying and how much was left out. But after a lot of thought, it totally makes sense. Why? Because for a casual viewer it will make no sense and not be remembered at all. For book readers, we can fill it in with our imaginations. It would have been confusing and ultimately served no purpose other than as a bone to us book fans. Made the episode work much better. A lot of things we'd like to see would probably make the show not work as well.
Theon's scene with his speech was amazing. Sure there will be some grumbling about no Reek, etc. But ultimately this show has so many characters that it isn't worth adding him in when the upcoming stuff can easily be rewritten and make sense without him.
Loved the dragon's fire, love Brienne fighting the Stark men and Jaime's reaction to her skills. Though that the end was great with the three blasts. Really liked how the Others looked.
276	championj	2012-06-03	Definitely a little disappointed with the House of the Undying, the visions Dany had in the books were a lot cooler (did love how they were able to bring Drogo back though).A little disappointed as well that we were unable to see more of the destruction of Winterfell and/or Ramsay Bolton. It would have definitely been cool to see the destruction of Winterfell from the viewpoint of Summer like in the books. I was definitely excited to see how Jaqen H'ghar was going to change his face. The last scene was definitely how I wanted the season end... very suspenseful and makes me want season 3 to come soon. Definitely a solid episode to cap off a great season.
277	ThePickler	2012-06-03	It seemed like a perfect opportunity to drop an AA reference in Stannis and Melisandre's scene. I'm really confused about why they continually avoid any prophecy mentions.
278	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-03	The House of the Undying was a bit of a let down but I did enjoy the scene with Drogo and Rhaego. Very sad. I also enjoyed how they got the ominous feeling down right. Even the vision of the Red Keep in ruins was good. But lacking the other visions was disappointing. Some book scenes just cannot be translated onto the screen and this was one of them. It still got the point across though. I loved how they allowed Dany to be badass in the end and lock Xaro and Doreah in the vault. Yay Khaleesi!!!
I'm glad they kept the little touch of Tywin's horse pooping in the throne room. Nice!
I'm not a big crier...at all. But I must admit I got teary eyed when Tyrion started bawling. I really, truly do love this character and Peter Dinklage really is a revelation in the role. 
The end scene with the Others and their armies of the undead was FANTASTIC and made up for the disappointing HotU scene. Loved how the ended last scene with Fire and now they end this one with Ice. 
April 2013 cannot come soon enough!
279	Dragon of Valyria	2012-06-03	Ugh. I'm torn. The HotU was a major disappointment--it's not to say what they did wasn't good--but those visions were pretty darned important. They justified the whole Qarth excursion, which was otherwise pointless (and seems pointless now). yeah the dracarys was cool and the snow-covered throne-room is interesting, but... blah.
Theon cointinues to be an idiot.
Talisa and Robb... well.
Tyrion and Shae... welll.
The Margaery farce was entertaining (there were several laugh out loud moments in my viewing party) and it was enjoyable to see the palpable pleasure on Sansa's face, if only for a moment.
280	Fragile Bird	2012-06-03	Highlights for me - the tenderness of the scene between Shae and Tyrion.  It will make eventual betrayal much worse, if it happens?  Some doubts, there are so many changes.
Stannis trying to choke Mel, Stannis' disappointment, Mel's words of encouragement.
A well done change of face for Jaqen.  Arya got the coin.
Again, as mentioned, Luwin with Rickon and Bran and Osha. "i pulled you into the world, both of you....and for that I consider myself lucky."
Jaime to Brienne - you'd love to feel what it's like to be a woman.  FU Jaime Lannister, lol!
Disappointments - So many Sandor lines to LF, the all liars are better than you line.
The House of the Undying, what was there was good, but there wasn't enough.
The whole Robb and Talisa story line.
Tywin's horse should have dropped his load in front of the iron throne, shit delivered to a shit.  Why do it in the entryway?
The episode was strong, but could have been stronger.  A letdown from BWB, but that's not a surprise.
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 03 June 2012 - 11:10 PM.
281	Tsavong Lah	2012-06-03	Only 10 replies half an hour after the season finale ends... Hm, Blackwater had at least 10 pages by this point last week.If people had similar experiences as me, it is likely due to the site being down until just recently. There was so much traffic no one could post.
282	Big Noyd	2012-06-03	HOTU scenes were mishandled. No Robb at the RW? No Rhaegar and TPTWP? This was probably Dany's best chapter and since I find her pretty boring, this was one of the few things I was looking forward to from her story arc. Disappointed 
Robb gets married in the light of the seven? Why? If I'm not mistaken he worships the Old Gods like his father did.
The scene with the Others felt weird. I don't know how to explain it, but it didn't feel right. I thought they only came when it was dark? The Others weren't as I pictured them, nor as they were portrayed in the epilogue in season 1.
The rest of the episode was pretty enjoyable. Although, I thought that Loras was going to be named to the Kingsguard during his scene. I guess that can happen later. Also, what is Varys planning with Ros? Interesting.
					
					
							Edited by Big Noyd, 03 June 2012 - 11:12 PM.
283	I'm_Tim	2012-06-03	Visualizing the prophecies in the House of the Undying may have revealed too many spoilers for both book readers and the non-book readers.
284	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-03	Only 10 replies half an hour after the season finale ends... Hm, Blackwater had at least 10 pages by this point last week.The website has been down for most of the day. Too much traffic. I've only been able to log on just now.
285	LuisDantas	2012-06-03	Daenerys' "Dracarys" moment was really weak.  Other than that, the changes were significant but probably necessary in order to make the story more soap-opera-like.  Which it must be, I have come to realize; tv and books are simply too unlike to allow a more faithful adaptation.
286	Noelle Snow	2012-06-03	I already know book fans are going to be all up in arms but I thought this was a great episode.
Yes, I too was disappointed in the HotU scene. I think even if they couldn't include the visions as they were (too much given away in a visual medium), I think they at least should have had the prophecies. They stick with her through the rest of the series so I don't know why they didn't have it included. Visually gorgeous though. I also think if R+L=J and we get that far in the series, there aren't nearly enough clues in the show for that to make sense for show fans (Unsullied notwithstanding since they really study every scene).
How people can be complaining about the end scene astounds me. I thought it was perfect! Just because the WW didn't try and kill Sam in that exact moment doesn't mean that he just walked by him and let him go. I'm sure they'll do the dragonglass attack at the very beginning of the season next year.
I'm not even going to get into the whole Robb/Cat/Talisa thing because that's probably the one thing I'm annoyed that they changed so much.
Overall though, I think it served very well as a finale.
287	Qwop22	2012-06-03	HOTU scenes were mishandled. No Robb at the RW? No Rhaegar and TPTWP? This was probably Dany's best chapter and since I find her pretty boring, this was one of the few things I was looking forward to from her story arc. DisappointedRobb gets married in the light of the seven? Why? If I'm not mistaken he worships the Old Gods like his father did.The scene with the Others felt weird. I don't know how to explain it, but it didn't feel right. I thought they only came when it was dark? The Others weren't as I pictured them, nor as they were portrayed in the epilogue in season 1.The rest of the episode was pretty enjoyable. Although, I thought that Lora's was going to be named to the Kingsguard during his scene. I guess that can happen later. Also, what is Varys planning with Ros? Interesting.I feel yea on the last scene with the Other man. Totally lame. I mean, the white walker on the horse looked cool but he just stared at Sam, and then moved on...stupid. Sam would have been dead right then and there. The wights with the white walkers just looked like something out of The Walking Dead. Also, you are right, the White Walkers only come at night. Mance Rayder says so in ASOS.
288	akajea	2012-06-03	The show has certainly lost its magic in the second half of the season, excepting Blackwater. It's like they stopped trying.
But, I'm optimistic about season 3 and ACoK is my least favorite, so I don't mind too much.
They'll have more screentime for ASoS as it's spread over 2 seasons. They'll have a higher budget, and they won't need to blow it all on a single episode (Blackwater was a curse IMO, I liked it but I wouldn't have missed it too much if it meant higher production value for the other nine episodes). And they'll hopefully have learnt from their experience and mistakes with season 2.
So... another 10 month wait huh!
289	Wyman's Man	2012-06-03	Disappointed with the House of the Undying. I can see why they sort of skimped out on it, but "his is a song of ice and fire and he will be the prince that was promised" is so important to the entire series. Kind of confused with the Other seeing Sam and then looking away, also I thought Others only attack at night? The Winterfell scenes were good, the last Theon scene was needlessly humourous but I can understand why they did that since Ramsay hasn't been cast yet. Was disappointed that Luwin didn't mention that it was Ramsay who sacked Winterfell. I guess we will have to give up on Talisa being Jeyne Westerling, it would have been better if she finally revealed herself to be Jeyne. Shae has really turned around in the last few episodes, now I'm not sure if she's going to ultimately betray Tyrion in the end, the devotion seems genuinely heartfelt. I hope they flush out Cersei's truly nasty and vile character next season, Joffrey took too much of the heat. Other than that I enjoyed the season and I'm looking forward to next season and more SOIAF material coming out in the near future.
290	Noelle Snow	2012-06-03	DP
					
					
							Edited by Noelle Snow, 03 June 2012 - 11:22 PM.
291	Lord Godric	2012-06-03	Oh dear. House of The Undying. Kind of anticlimactic. I liked the Khal Drogo part but we could have done with a couple more visions.I agree.  The House of the Undying was the biggest disappointment in this episode.  I wanted some visions of the past, some Rhaegar and Elia, and, most importantly, the prophecies.  Without them Dany's story lacks a lot.
292	Lord SnavE OtirB	2012-06-03	I'm sorry but that ending was weak. The White Walkers just look at same and move on? I don't think so. And I felt like I was watching The Walking Dead.Also, the house of the undying sucked. Sure the little scene of her in the throne room was nice, and her seeing Khal was touching for non book readers I'm sure. But other than that it left out huge prophecies for Dany. Three times you will be betrayed? The dragon has three heads?And we waited 9 episodes to see what was behind this mysterious XXD vault...and there was nothing? Pointless. Oh, and Danys handmaiden was sleeping with Xaro? WtfJon's slaying of Qhorin was not setup properly in the show. There was no reason for him to completely kill Qhorin in the eyes of a non book reader. It just looked sloppy. Rattleshirt telling Jon to slay Qhorin to prove himself makes sense.What Robb did was stupid. I mean, I understand what he did by how was explained in the books. But now it's all about passion can make you look like a fool and it's all his fault. I want RW now!Yeah, Robb and her mother never learned that Bran and Rickon were dead. Both their desicions where pretty dumb without their true reason.
293	Meg Stark	2012-06-03	I loved it. 
I was worried that they would try to half-ass the House of the Undying due to budget issues. I thought this was an even better way to do it subtly without having confusing or poorly done prophesy. Plus, the people who are into prophecy are the ones who read the books anyway. AND- I could never complain when Khal Drogo made an appearance!
I thought all the story lines wrapped up nicely. I cannot wait to see the dynamics between Joffrey and Margery with those actors next season! I I did get so sad when Luwin died. I had hoped that he was going to get a reprieve. 
And finally- that last scene was amazing. Not sure about the Sam just sitting there issue but otherwise it was fantastic and terrifying. I guess I didn't realize until seeing it on screen that the wights are basically zombies, which is even more awesome. White Walkers scared the hell out of me. 
Can't wait till next season!
294	Jolene Brown	2012-06-03	I'm not even going to get into the whole Robb/Cat/Talisa thing because that's probably the one thing I'm annoyed that they changed so much.Sometimes I wish I could just meet them and ask why, why, why did they make these changes.  I don't think I could ever accept them but if I could even understand what on earth they were thinking it might help me feel less frustrated.  With other things that I don't like, I sort of get it, but with this, I just can not comprehend their train of thought.  Why mess with this storyline?  It's not like there was this groundswell of fans that were like, well, I mostly like these books, but I don't know about that whole Red Wedding thing, I think it could be a little better.  I just don't understand.
295	wotad	2012-06-03	god you people want so much i loved the episode didnt read the books but you can say i wont get it etc.. i know they leave stuff out but its hard to add 5/6 people into 1 episode so i think this episode was the best i watch the show because i like danys story and it didnt let me down
					
					
							Edited by wotad, 03 June 2012 - 11:25 PM.
296	Lord Godric	2012-06-03	Oh, and is Dagmar supposed to be Ramsey?  Or is he just an annoyed Ironborn who is trying to get safe passage home?  I think the latter, right?
297	Rockroi	2012-06-03	DA©nouement .  What I liked:All Men Must Die: This episode brought that finality after the climax; after a long life has been lead- maybe into a  legend, maybe a life of service, maybe a Handship- we still all end up dead.  Usually not by our own choosing.  I thought that this episode identified to the bitter end that some ends are more bitter than others.  Jon Snow, 2.0: The battle with Half-hand in the books is basically a passive-voice battle wherein events sort of happen TO Jon and Jon never acts to DO anything; even the final swipe that kills Half-hand, in the books its almost described as if Jon Snow took no part in it .("But in that instant, as he twisted, the opening was there. Jon planted and pivoted. The ranger was leaning away, and for an instant it seemed that Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s slash had not touched him. Then a string of red tears appeared across the big manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s throat, bright as a ruby necklace, and the blood gushed out of him, and Qhorin Halfhand fellâ<U+0080><U+009D> Martin, George R.R. (2003-01-01). A Game of Thrones/A Clash of Kings (Kindle Locations 27767-27770). Bantam. Kindle Edition).  And besides, Ghost was the one who attacked Half-hand first.But in the show?  Nope!  Here, Jon is an active participant in the deed!  THIS Jon Snow actually takes some action; he takes a stand and decides to embrace his roll and take a shot at this!  LOVED IT!  I even enjoyed the way Jon teased Ygritte as she slashed at him and missed and then as he tells the truth (â<U+0080><U+009C>â<U+0080>¦first time you have ever held a sword, huh?â<U+0080><U+009D>).  This Jon Snow is freed from the foolish chains that bound him in the books (the reluctant hero nonsense.  I liked that with Jon Snow goes a man who is going to do his hard fought duty.  And as for Halfhand- all men must die, few as cool as that.  No Starks in Winterfell: Although the destruction of Winterfell MUST seem odd to the viewers who have not read the books, the finality of these scenes were exceptional.  I thought Bran and Rickonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s escape and departure were very well done and beautiful.  The wolves, the scenery of desolation, the wreckage.  And obviously, once again, Master Luwin was amazing; the pure and unalterable feeling of humanity and goodness from him; how he touched both these boys; reached out to them and sad that he knew every day of their lives from the first and counted himself lucky for that privilege.  That was truly touching, deep and real.  All men must die but few as dignified as that.  And I loved that Theon was crazy and the ngave this incredible speech ... and then his men knocked him out because he's such a fucking idiot. Does Stannis Baratheon Have to Choke a Bitch?  Stannis is alive, well and rip shit.  At first he takes it out on Mel, but then knows that is not â<U+0080>¦ just.  In the flames he sees â<U+0080>¦ something.  Prophecy means nothing to him as he regrets, deeply, his killing of Renly.  But in a whisper he hears that he will do things far, far worse than that.  And Stannisâ<U+0080>¦A. King. Knows.  All Men Must Die and Stannis Baratheon May be killing a few more of them.  Soon.The Edge of Our Sanity: Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s trip through the wreckages of her life and alternate lives- from the Throne she still wants, to the Husband and child she lost, to the Wall she must defend, Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s trip through worlds that would be and could be was phenomenal (thoughâ<U+0080>¦ a part of me thought â<U+0080><U+009C>this could be done betterâ<U+0080>¦. No Viserys?  Rhaegar?).  Regardless, what was actually done was great.  At least this part (see more below).   All men must die, especially creepy shits who can pull of mass assignations but seem to be confused on proper kidnappings.  Varys and the whore: Holy shit we finally get to a Roz scene that worked!  Only twenty episodes in but it finally happened!  Granted, it took one of the best actors to pull it off, but it worked!  Huzzah!  For YOUR troubles:  Pyrcellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s small revenge was sweet, but so is Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ever increasing knowledge that he is in quicksand.  Varys gives him empty platitudes (though maybe heart felt), his father is nowhere to be found, his guards gone, his clansmen gone and the world suddenly outside his view.  And that little coin at the end.  A whore is a whore is a whore.  For your troublesâ<U+0080>¦ classic.  (and I almost could stomach Shae's part of the scene.... almost). The Beginning of the End: All Men Must Die, but some come back as wrights and Others and try to invade the South.  Amazing final scene!  What I am On the Fence About:Before the New Gods and the â<U+0080>¦ Okay Just ... Just the New Gods: The fact that when Robb Stark- The KING in the North, mind you- marries a woman from another continent he swears it ONLY by the NEW Gods it was an unfortunate allegory to how cheaply, tacked on and phony this story line finished.   Its not that he did not say anything about the Old Gods- thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just a symptom; itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the fact that Robb Stark does this INCREDIBLY STUPID thing with his mother standing there (in her tent) and does so with full knowledge of how FUCKING STUPID he is being!  He knows heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s being an ass; he knows he is screwing the Freyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s and he just does it!  In the books, Robb could say â<U+0080><U+009C>I needed to make an honest woman out of herâ<U+0080><U+009D>; in the show?  In the show Robb has no protection; he really IS just a stupid, irresponsible oath-breaker!  He does everything with real contemplation.  That was always my fear once Cat came back and Robb was still there; that his choice to toss the Freys aside would not have that same dimension it did in the books- in the books, Robb was â<U+0080><U+009C>rashâ<U+0080><U+009D>, â<U+0080><U+009C>impulsiveâ<U+0080><U+009D> and â<U+0080><U+009C>young.â<U+0080><U+009D>  But in the show?  Now Robb is not â<U+0080><U+009C>rashâ<U+0080><U+009D> but â<U+0080><U+009C>foolishâ<U+0080><U+009D>; not â<U+0080><U+009C>impulsiveâ<U+0080><U+009D> but â<U+0080><U+009C>idioticâ<U+0080><U+009D>, and no longer â<U+0080><U+009C>youngâ<U+0080><U+009D> but â<U+0080><U+009C>immature.â<U+0080><U+009D>  He wants everything NOW!  NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!  You know how bad that was?  IN the scene where Robb was talking to Cat â<U+0080><U+0093> if you go back and READ the scene- just take the dialog- Robb does not sound like Robb; he sounds like â<U+0080>¦ Joff.  Skipping Book Three:  So, the Brienne scene.  Total waste of time.  What happened?  What did we need to see here?  Brienne got angry and killed a few guys.  We knew she could kill people already.  Brienne showed that she does not like needless suffering; we knew that already as well.  Jaime showed that he did not want to be captured; well, we REALLY knew that already.  What the fuck was this scene for? (the actual answer is â<U+0080><U+009C>The actors have agents and demand screen time.â<U+0080><U+009D>)  It was a complete waste of time.  I mean here is what the scene was: travelling with Brienne, seeing the after-effects of a war, seeing cruelty, and most everything we saw could have been skipped;a complete waste of time.  In other words, they are not just starting early on â<U+0080><U+009C>A Storm of Swordsâ<U+0080><U+009D>; the show is jumping right into the epic monotony of â<U+0080><U+009C>A Feast for Crows.â<U+0080><U+009D>  What I did Not Like: Empty:  I liked that she corrected Doreah on how to pronounce Qarth.  I liked that she caught Doreah.  And the rest of Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story-line was utterly vacant and empty.  Void of thought, void of meaning, void of connectivity to the rest of the story.Look, it was not going to be as interesting as the books, I got that.  But this felt tacked on, half-thought out and not well balanced against the rest of the story.  Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story was a story-line of half-measures that took twice as long as it needed to.  It was no fun and utterly anti-climactic.  She starts yelling in the very first scene and then its wandering around.  Then she gets trapped and we get the â<U+0080><U+009C>Drogon dracarysâ<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080>¦ and its â<U+0080>¦ bad.  They shoot fire.  Who cares?  That just means Pratt Prye et all had a fucking terrible plan.  You know theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re dragons, right?  You think maybe they know how to shoot fire?  In the books, Drogon Dracarys is the most amazing scene in the series (possible); here?  A really, REALLY shitty escape hatch.  But it gets worse.  Dany and her people- who seem to fluctuate in number between â<U+0080><U+009C>threeâ<U+0080><U+009D> to as high as â<U+0080><U+009C>Able to break into the King of Qarthâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Castle, kill everyone and get into the Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bed chamber without waking him upâ<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+0093> take the King and Doreah to the vault where its empty (ohhhâ<U+0080>¦ edgy) and throw them in.  Terrific.   They then ransack the place.  And remember- these are LESS PEOPLE than Dany had when she failed to protect the Dragons the first time!  And we waited four episodes â<U+0080>¦ for that.  For Dany to open and empty vault.  If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not a metaphor for Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story line in this season, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not sure what is.    Clash of Kings is pretty void of Dany and the show did not have much to work with.  But they wasted SO MUCH time and space on Qarth- on political maneuverings we did not care about; with plots that had more holes in them then a sieve; with characters we had no chance to care about.  All of that was empty, vapid, selfish and utterly wasted.   In retrospect you could have made Dany trapped in the House of the Undying for two episodes and just done a better job of it.  Instead we got a fast-forward House that had NOTHING to it (except what I noted in the scenes I liked) and a plot against Dany that had no substance or reality to it.  Simply put: Fail.  Overall, though, the episode was pretty good, not great.  However it did what it needed to do without making it feel rushed.  Overall:  This season was uneven, but ultimately very satisfying.  It started off with good building blocks and gave us a lot to see, interact with and enjoy.  From Robb and Jaime to Stannis v. Tyrion it was a really enjoyable season that did all the things it needed to do and gave us a few moments of real flair and and drama.  There were slow points â<U+0080><U+0093> ultimately Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s love problem appears to have been too much â<U+0080><U+009C>loveâ<U+0080><U+009D> and not enough â<U+0080><U+009C>problemâ<U+0080><U+009D> in Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mind; Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s journey was not just unfulfilling but took away too much time from the rest of the story- but it had a series of amazing moments and maybe the best episode in the showâ<U+0080><U+0099>s short life (Blackwater).   I am really looking forward to the next season.  Again.  (and to all those who explain how much they enjoy my posts- either through comments or the â<U+0080><U+009C>Likeâ<U+0080><U+009D> button, I really, truly appreciate it.  Thanks for reading).
298	Lord Godric	2012-06-03	It seemed like a perfect opportunity to drop an AA reference in Stannis and Melisandre's scene. I'm really confused about why they continually avoid any prophecy mentions.I thought so too.  I was waiting for some kind of reference.
299	niA±ostark	2012-06-03	I was thinking, the house of undying should have, I don't know... undyings?
I hated Jon's arc, horribly done
BTW I'm not a purist, I just hate fan fiction
I LOVED the white walkers !!!
300	Lord Godric	2012-06-03	Empty:  I liked that she corrected Doreah on how to pronounce Qarth.  I liked that she caught Doreah.  Was that Doreah?  I knew it had to be someone, but I did not recognize her at all.
301	Chelly	2012-06-03	I can't even...brain is mush right now...
LOVED Theon's scene with Luwin. He was pretty hilarious about the guy who kept blowing the horn. Heh. I sort of loved his "northern mating call" speech. It was pretty funny. Oh, and FUCK YOU DAGMER(I don't care how sexy I think your voice is /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' /> ).
Dany was badass. She's so awesome on the show. Oh, and FU Doreah as well. Justice for Irri!!!! I loved her raiding Xaro's things in the end.
Sansa's reaction to no longer being engaged to Joff was wonderful. It was very well conveyed since we can't be in her thoughts like in the books. Oh, and FU Littlefinger, too. "I thought of your mom as a sister" (yeah whatever)
Goodbye beautiful, gorgeous lovely face Jaqen. Hello weird looking man.
House of Undying was fine. As a book reader, there were stuff I wish I got to see, but on its own it is okay. It is just not as cool as it was on the books. I would have liked some prophecy. Aren't they kind of important for her story?
Not too crazy about Robb/Jeyne whoever marriage or his attitude to Cat. Call her what you will, but his reaction to her was NOT very kingly. He sounded like a spoiled little brat. She should have smacked him upside the head, He came off more whiny to me on the show than he did in the book.  Also found the Jon/Halfhand bit to be lacking.
302	Tarandor	2012-06-03	The House of the Undying was a bit of a let down but I did enjoy the scene with Drogo and Rhaego. Very sad. I also enjoyed how they got the ominous feeling down right. Even the vision of the Red Keep in ruins was good. But lacking the other visions was disappointing. Some book scenes just cannot be translated onto the screen and this was one of them. It still got the point across though. I loved how they allowed Dany to be badass in the end and lock Xaro and Doreah in the vault. Yay Khaleesi!!!I'm glad they kept the little touch of Tywin's horse pooping in the throne room. Nice!I'm not a big crier...at all. But I must admit I got teary eyed when Tyrion started bawling. I really, truly do love this character and Peter Dinklage really is a revelation in the role.The end scene with the Others and their armies of the undead was FANTASTIC and made up for the disappointing HotU scene. Loved how the ended last scene with Fire and now they end this one with Ice.April 2013 cannot come soon enough!Oh my gods, RIGHT? It was heartbreaking to watch him bawl like that... Peter Dinklage is just fantastic.
303	Lord Godric	2012-06-03	Now that the season is over I realize that I have one major gripe with the series, both seasons.  But first a disclaimer: I am by no means a purist.  I except changes and understand the differences in the mediums call for differences in the stories and I love seeing the added scenes because it is like extra scenes we didn't see from the books.
But with that said, my major gripe is that they're cutting all the backstory.  And I understand how hard it is to fit backstory into the show but, and I noticed it especially in the House of the Undying, I really wanted to see Elia and Rhaegar and have some mention of the Prince that was Promised.  I was hoping in that giant wall scene to see some blue flower among the ice, but then I realized we never were told anything about Lyanna and blue flowers so it wouldn't have been meaningful at all.  I miss that stuff in the series, but I guess that's why I have the books.
304	Jovet	2012-06-03	That end scene with Theon was a bit surprising to me.  It almost struck me that the guy who has been egging him on was maybe really the Bastard in disguise after all?  He suddenly got very authoritative.  And then they put Theon's head in a sack?  Will be a long wait to see what really happens with that in season 3.
305	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-06-03	I liked most of this episode. the HotU scene was really different from the books and I'm ok with that. If they had done a word for word adaptation, viewers who havent read the books would've been left too confused. I thought we were going to see Aerys, though. What happened to the actor who was cast as the "mad king" for this episode? Hopefully that will be on the BluRay.
The scene where the Stark kids find Luwin was just heart wrenching.
As always, all the Tyrion stuff was just awesome.
Loved Jon Snow and his reaction to the wildling camp.
Just how much they showed of the wights and the Other was shocking, but they made Sam too much of a craven.
Watching it for the 3rd time now and overall I like it. The show and the book are separate for me and I love them both for what they are.
306	Tetrarch42	2012-06-03	I really disliked Stannis' characterization, I always saw him as stoic, brooding, and irritable, not a man who flies into rages and strangles others on a whim. It seems almost like the different screenwriters are interpreting his chracacter completely differently. He went from a determined, just, and somewhat depressed/dour commander in episode 8, to a reckless action hero in episode 9, and now he's a tempermental domestic abuser? Pick your key chracteristics and stick with them until there's adequate explanation for a personality change, Stannis seems like he'd be diagnosed with dissociative personality disorder at this point. Pretty upsetting that they've reduced my favourite character to a mercurial bully.
Other than that, I was pretty satisfied with the episode, would have been cool to see Arya kill someone; but the ending more than made up for that.
And a note on the ending, they really changed the White Walker style, they went from black and shadowy to pale with hair? Are we dealing with different types of White Walkers, or entities all together?
307	int11	2012-06-03	The White Walkers were absolutely terrible.
Why do they walk so slowly, staring up at the sky, pretending to be dead like a five-year-old would? The only thing missing was their tongue hanging out. I felt like I was watching Shaun of the Dead. That was simply embarrassing.
The supernatural is a delicate aspect of ASoIF and should be handled in a way that doesn't lessen the story.
Edit: Yes, wights. Though the White Walkers weren't impressive either.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 04 June 2012 - 03:17 PM.
308	The Crannogman	2012-06-03	Where the hell is Ghost?!
I was really looking forward to seeing Tywin's horse shit in the throne room, but at least they included it..unlike Renly's damn peach.
and... where the hell is Ghost?
oh, and how is Sam going to get out of THAT predicament?
I'm not even going to begin to discuss the major plot changes or the butchering of the HOTU, I can't even stomach it. I guess we should all try and think of it as something to kill the time until the next book is released/written.
309	House Snow	2012-06-03	One problem with the prophecies besides the ones already mentioned is that they haven't even happened yet.  Tough position for the writers to have to put in something that they don't even know what it will mean and will be important 3-5 seasons from now.
310	Qwop22	2012-06-03	The White Walkers were absolutely terrible.Why do they walk so slowly, staring up at the sky, pretending to be dead like a five-year-old would? The only thing missing was their tongue hanging out. I felt like I was watching Shaun of the Dead. That was simply embarrassing.The supernatural is a delicate aspect of ASoIF and should be handled in a way that doesn't lessen the story.Completely agree.
311	pinkie10	2012-06-03	This episode proved one thing for sure: Varys is definitely a eunuch. There have been theories that say he is not truly cut, but now we know he most certainly is (in the show, at least).
Also, I didn't like how Luwin didn't tell Osha to split the boys up. That seemed important to me. I can picture them running into the Reeds in the first episode and they will recommend the split. Rickon must go to Skagos and become even more fierce!
And the one thing that is crazy to me is the fact that Brienne is just straight up killing everyone. She's already killed 5 guys so far but in the books, when she is forced to actually kill her first men, it's a giant deal. And it happens way later. She doesn't willingly just kill a ton of people.
Did like the episode on the whole, though. It's just easier to come on here and complain rather than name all of the things I liked.
I like the final scene, even though I never really pictured... zombies. I guess I don't know what I pictured. But it wasn't that. I like it and I like that I'll have a nice visual on my re-read of the series in the next 10 months.
I thought the HotU was fine. Granted, we didn't see anything us 'bookies'/'nerdies' wanted to see, but I liked the sacked throne room. A vision that maybe suggest Dany will be taking that shizz over? Possibly.
312	Jovet	2012-06-03	I actually liked the scene with Brienne and Jaime.  The point of it was Jamie got to see what she was made of.  I thought it was great when she let loose.  And I know I'm a guy, but the look on that third guy's face the whole time she was stabbing him in the groin was absolutely award winning.
I also generally liked Jon's scenes and storyline.  It didn't seem to be told as well as it could have, and I never grasped a real thought process of why a "guy on the inside" is suddenly a great idea.  But overall it didn't bother me.
The marriage ceremony with the new gods surprised me.  I would like to think there was some sort of subtle rationale for it but I bet it was just a writing error.
I was not touched by Tyrion's teary eyes... every sentimental moment with Shae he's been doing that and I just don't see that his character would be doing that.  His first marriage left him bitter and cold and detatched, and I have great difficulty believing that he'd let himself feel that strongly for someone again.  It makes sense he cares about Shae, but there is a limit.  I also note the irony that the one person who really seems devoted to him (Shae) is the one he tries to push away.  Everyone else he has proclaimed his friendship with has kind-of rolled their eyes at him - "okay, whatever".  To me what happens with her and Tywin is ambigous in the books...it will be very interesting to me to see how the show handles that.
Except for Dany's scenes (especially in the House of the Undying) I liked the episode, but I still think it was the poorest of the second season.  Overall the show is awesome, and I can't beg HBO enough to keep it up!  I'm really looking forward to next year, and hopefully several years after that!
313	ThePickler	2012-06-03	The White Walkers were absolutely terrible.Why do they walk so slowly, staring up at the sky, pretending to be dead like a five-year-old would? The only thing missing was their tongue hanging out. I felt like I was watching Shaun of the Dead. That was simply embarrassing.The supernatural is a delicate aspect of ASoIF and should be handled in a way that doesn't lessen the story.I think you mean the wights, there were two white walkers on horseback. The wights were described as slow and clumsy in the books and they are essentially zombies so how else are they supposed to act /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />??
314	Tetrarch42	2012-06-03	I think you mean the wights, there were two white walkers on horseback. The wights were described as slow and clumsy in the books and they are essentially zombies so how else are they supposed to act /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />??What do you make of how the White Walkers in Episode 1, Season 1 looked so different from those in Episode 10, Season 2?
315	Ffiferoo	2012-06-04	I'm very confused by a lot of the choices that were made plot-wise this season that culminated with this episode.  There were several things (Jon's storyline especially) that I was expecting would get back on track once they set up for that to happen, but it seems like they got a lot of characters where they needed to be to follow their actual plots, and then went ahead and deviated anyway.  
I can understand when changes are made for time or clarity or budget reasons, but I think there were some decisions made this season that could set up some very drastic changes later on.  
As far as the House of the Undying, it was something I knew wouldn't be exactly the same, and I thought the temptations/visions they did give were good, and made sense in the context of the show, but I wish they'd given a little more exposition, and they really could have just put those things through open doors and kept the instructions from Pyat Pree about the door on the right, etc.  He could have spoken to her without appearing physically until later. 
Aside from that and the lack of Qhorin/Jon interaction, I'm also quite upset that Irri was killed off this season - I thought they had just decided to keep Doreah instead, but if she's dead now, it feels like Irri was killed arbitrarily, and it's a real shame, because Amrita Acharia was really excellent.
I liked the Brienne/Jaime scene, even just as a brief check-in before the end of the season.  I hope Jaime will start to call her "wench" next season!  Sophie Turner did a great job reacting to Joffrey breaking the betrothal, I'm really impressed with all of her performances this season.  Seeing all the white walkers on their way to the fist was great too, although I don't know how Sam is going to magically survive being completely surrounded like that (Sam the Very Prolific Slayer?)
Overall, I'm left with a disappointed feeling, although maybe on a second viewing I can appreciate it more.
316	Bran the Bummer	2012-06-04	I think they'll end up working the prophecies into Quaithe's storyline very early next season. I don't see Dany being able to go forward with much direction without them, and since the House of the Undying was such a blow, they might use her ... except she's never really interacted with Dany, so who knows.
317	Grendel Khan	2012-06-04	Just got done with the second watcnh of the finale, gotta say that overall, I really liked this ep. Like alot of people, I was initially let down by HOTU, but the more I think about it, the more I like what they did. The Iron throne room scene was very cool and awfully foreboding. The Drogo comeback was a nice touch, kind of cool to see the mental prison being built by the warlocks to trap Dany. Although, iwas kind of looking forward to seeing how they could pull off the floating heart and vampire-ghost-mummies on the screen. Seeing the dragons cut loose and torch Pyat and his clones was sweeeeeeet. Cant wait to see them little cuties toasting Astapor. Bring on the Unsullied!
The John and Qhorin fight could have been set up better, at least they could have had Qhorin ordering him to do whatever was asked of him to set up the emotional conflict JOhn fights in SoS, but it was a good brawl between two good swordsmen, fun to watch if nothing else.
REally liked the Luwin and Theon convo, really sad about Luwin getting shive, even though I was ready for it. How funny was Theons hate for the hornblower? A bronze statue, awesome. Wish they could have shown what happened with the bastard sacking Winterfell though, my gf who has not read the books was just confused as shit as to why Winterfell was torched after Dagmer and co sold out Theon.
Jaqen Haqar is the man. That is all.
Loved the ending. THe walkers and the wights coming out of the snow and marching on the fist was a hell of a way to end the season. Was a little weird for Sammy to get ignored by them all, but I guess the director wanted to be able to show a human point of view seeing the walkers stomping in. I thought it conveyed a great sense of impending doom, not just for the Watch, but for all of Westeros. With all the political shenanigans its easy to forget the real threat thats out there.
the only thing Im really disappointed with is the no-show of Arstan the Bold and Strong Belwas. THought they might pop up after Dany locked up Daxos, but oh well. Ill just have to wait for next season.
...and what a long wait its going to be. Bloody Mummers, salve revolts, two epic weddings, Coldhands, Mag the mighty, it cant come fast enough.
318	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2012-06-04	Just how much they showed of the wights and the Other was shocking, but they made Sam too much of a craven.Eh? It's Sam. Cowardice is his self-identified defining trait (through, frankly, anyone in his situation would be shitting themselves).On the Other seemingly spotting Sam and letting him be: they let what's-his-name in the prologue escape. Perhaps the Others want to let some live to spread the word or just enjoy messing with people's minds like a cat playing with a mouse.
					
					
							Edited by Roose Bolton's Pet Leech, 04 June 2012 - 12:09 AM.
319	J_Crews	2012-06-04	A few thoughts as I rewatch tonight's finale. Apologies if a hundred people have touched on these before me, but the board won't stay up long enough for me to post these in real-time; I'll be copy/pasting later.
- Pycelle was deliciously satisfied with Tyrion's downfall.
- Loved Sansa's reaction to being "set aside."
- Littlefinger being awfully open about helping Sansa; why was Dontos introduced at all, I wonder?
- Loving Brienne!  She straight f'd that dude up!
- Dillane is wickedly intense as Stannis.
- Alfie Allen deserves an Emmy!  Him being so intense, while simultaneously bitching about the horn-blower was hilarious and a very nice touch, I thought. Allen's portrayal has actually manges to humanize Theon-freaking-Greyjoy for me.
- No knighthood for Ser Bronn of the Blackwater?
- Bran riding in the Westerosi equivalent of a grocery cart... Har! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
- The HotU was sufficiently weird for my tastes. I loved the sequence of how Dany entered. I imagine many people are freaking about the different visions and no mention of the 3 prophecies, but I wasn't expecting much, so I'm not disappointed. Seeing Drogo and the ruined throne room was cool, tying the wall in was a nice touch, and there will be plenty of time to introduce the prophecies later (by Quaithe, maybe?).  Far too early for Rhaegar visions and such explicit foreshadowing of the RW, in my opinion.
- A Man changes his face and sufficiently lays the groundwork for A Girl's future storyline. Good.
- Jon killing QH was a little off. I think it would have benefited from one more snippet of a conversation with QH being clear about his orders. True, there was the previous interaction with QH talking about Jon being able to do what he must when the time comes; I just hope it wasn't lost on casual viewers.
- RIP my beautiful Doreah. Sigh. Closing them up in the vault and pillaging Xaro's whiz-nit was a cool ending for Dany.
- 3 blasts and that Other was awesome. I was a bit surprised we didn't see any Sam the Slayer action, but only because some comments in a recent interview with the actor who plays him made it seem that way.
320	Tewks44	2012-06-04	I gotta say, I am hugely disappointed about a handful of things
1. The way they handled Jon Snow's betrayal of Quhorin Halfhand was AWFUL. Jon was originally written as a noble figure, a "good guy" who only betrayed his sworn brethren because he was ordered to as a selfless act on Quhorin's behalf. In the show he got butthurt because Quhorin talked smack about his mom, so he stabbed him in the heart, killing him instantly... COOL.
2. Sure, they recast Xaro Xohan Daxos as a "bad guy" but come on! Even a "bad guy" won't build the most indestructible safe in the world to protect... absolutely nothing! I mean they could have just as easily rewritten that scene so Dany and her retinue loots Xaro's safe to get their money. Instead they were like "well herp derp, Xaro built this safe for no comprehensible reason whatsoever, oh well, let's steal everything from Qarth, because it's not like there' any guardsmen around" It's b.s. Just because the creepy magician and Xaro are dead doesn't mean the entire force of city guard in Qarth disappeared in a matter of hours... it's absurd to suggest her 50 something troop could loot the entire palace without any contest at all.
3. The sacking of Winterfell... Who sacked the city?  In the books it was Ramsey, in the show.... well, who knows!  I think Maester Luwin should have at least said something about Ramsey.  I understand due to casting issues we probably wouldn't see Ramsey this season, because why would HBO want to get an actor on retainer for such a long period of time, but it's free for HBO to mention him.  All it would have taked is for Maester Luwin to say "no this wasn't Theon... it was the bastard of the dreadfort"  
Other than that I actually enjoyed the other story lines.  I love how we got to see Jaquen Hagar switch faces, and I thought the house of the undying scene was cool despite the changes.  The fact Dany entered a throne room filled with SNOW and then exited through the gates of The Wall... very cool (especially for all you R+L=J fans)
321	J_Crews	2012-06-04	Above, it was supposed to say "Xaro's xhiz-nit," not "Xaro's whiz-nit," but now the board issues won't let me edit it.  Dratz!Also, two articles:THIS and THISEnjoy!
322	Lord Elrosir	2012-06-04	Man, what a let down.  I watched Blackwater probably 10 times, but I have no drive to watch this finale again.
I loved how ASOIAF became Narnia during the HOTU scene.  Sike.  That shit was weaksauce.  And the stupid vision of Drogo was pointless.
Best part of the episode was Dinklage's crying.  That dude is an insane actor, he just pulls at the heart strings.  This could've been the best episode of the scene (even after the high octane Blackwater).  They just dropped the ball big time.  I'd love to see D&D put a good spin on it, as I'm sure some of the reviews that come out won't be as glowing as previous episodes.
323	Tewks44	2012-06-04	Now I understand why GRRM only dealt with the battle of Blackwater in his episodes and no other storylines... The writers of the show have already diverged the other story lines so far from the books there's little use in GRRM standing in to do the writing for them.
324	valarya	2012-06-04	I d'awwed at the part where Rickon and Bran frantically offered to heal Luwin. So sad but cute. HotU was a definite letdown. I'm not sure if those scenes were slight hints at what's to come in the books. Is Drogo supposed to come back? A snow-covered Red Keep = dragon attack on King's Landing that results in Jon or some other Stark ruling? Or maybe the Others win the final battle... no idea.
325	Rabbity	2012-06-04	That was the least scary zombie army I have ever seen. And I have seen a lot of zombie armies.
Really loved the series so far, but the Others are the first major-screwup. Good thing they are not the main antagonists for the next five seasons. House of the Undying also could have used a bit more pizzazz, especially the warlock head honchos. Liked the classic fantasy chained Danymsel, though. Good work by the designers on that part. Otherwise (no pun intended), not a bad season finale.
Edit: Minor kudos to the writer that gave the warlocks a plausible motivation that is coherent with the books for abducting the dragons and imprisoning her.
					
					
							Edited by Rabbity, 04 June 2012 - 01:52 AM.
326	CloudFlare	2012-06-04	Umm, in Sam's last scene, were those _Others_ on the horses, or wights? The one that stared at Sam looked nothing like the S1 other. Hell, he looked like he was half tree. Hmm, WeirwoodSwampThing?
327	AeonFrog	2012-06-04	People are seriously surprised that the HotU sequence was different?
328	Longspear Ryk	2012-06-04	So what was the point of casting Dontos this season?
Does anyone else think they they took out scenes or heavily editimg the script while shooting? I cant help but think this season was sorta choppy an incomplete...
Also... I guess dany and her dragons will burn down The red keep.... FORESHADOWING
329	Longspear Ryk	2012-06-04	Also was there a dragon flying by the burning Winterfell!?
330	CloudFlare	2012-06-04	3. The sacking of Winterfell... Who sacked the city?  In the books it was Ramsey, in the show.... well, who knows!  I think Maester Luwin should have at least said something about Ramsey.  I understand due to casting issues we probably wouldn't see Ramsey this season, because why would HBO want to get an actor on retainer for such a long period of time, but it's free for HBO to mention him.  All it would have taked is for Maester Luwin to say "no this wasn't Theon... it was the bastard of the dreadfort"Yep, Bran-Hodor-Asha-Rickon-Jojen-Meera have to evade the flayed men, otherwise they head to the nearest village and wait for a northern bannerman to show up.ETA: Maybe Luwin crawled to the godswood before Winterfell was sacked?Theon getting thumped betrayed was pretty fucking cool. The non-book readers who were watching with me cheered to see him get punished. Oh, what little they know...
					
					
							Edited by CloudFlare, 04 June 2012 - 02:02 AM.
331	Bucketdog	2012-06-04	"Also, you are right, the White Walkers only come at night. Mance Rayder says so in ASOS."
They only did that before the dragons returned. Maybe they act different now.
What is that 700 foot tall wall for in the first place?  Perhaps they are magical creatures.  It appears to be magic, riding dead horses and stuff.
Sam may have survived the same way the other craven person survived,  the poor chap that had his head lopped off in the first season by Ned.
Loved the Brienne scene.  Thought it was gonna go wonky when she killed the last dude not quickly, but it was still relatively quick.  Just relatively quick though.  She is still the most good knight-like.
Liked the Dany story line. Drogo was touching. Loved the first little smoke ring.  Little dragons were trying!
332	Rhodan	2012-06-04	For me , the finale was good and bad at the same time. I liked direction and actors but just like with the last year, Beniof and Weiss obviously have seen the finale just as means to tie some loose ends as quickly as possible.
- Stannis and Melissandre, while well acted, was total clichA© IMHO.  
- Theon and Winterfell: victim of adaptation, anticlimactic, especially becouse sudden transition to burned castle and kinda disappointing death of Luwin.
- Dany in Quarth: was lame in the book, even lamer in the TV version for the whole season.
- KL, Arya and Jacquen and the ending worked fine.
					
					
							Edited by Rhodan, 04 June 2012 - 02:03 AM.
333	valyrian_steel	2012-06-04	HOTU scenes were mishandled. No Robb at the RW? No Rhaegar and TPTWP? This was probably Dany's best chapter and since I find her pretty boring, this was one of the few things I was looking forward to from her story arc. DisappointedRobb gets married in the light of the seven? Why? If I'm not mistaken he worships the Old Gods like his father did.The scene with the Others felt weird. I don't know how to explain it, but it didn't feel right. I thought they only came when it was dark? The Others weren't as I pictured them, nor as they were portrayed in the epilogue in season 1.The rest of the episode was pretty enjoyable. Although, I thought that Loras was going to be named to the Kingsguard during his scene. I guess that can happen later. Also, what is Varys planning with Ros? Interesting.Robb getting married under the new gods was a slip up as was the abandonment of WInterfell.  Even if they let all the Iron Islands go as Robb ordered, the northmen still would have occupied Winterfell in some fashion...  Saw Theon's demise coming a mile off...  Didnt really mind the changes to THotU except my general complaint that the show doesnt do a good job with foreshadowing and important flashbacks.  Half the fun of the books is the mysteries that the show likes to avoid.
334	Rabbity	2012-06-04	People are seriously surprised that the HotU sequence was different?Not at all surprised, nor do I mind changes. That was a bit wasted potential, though. They gave Dany something interesting to do, which is good, and then it climaxes in her taking a stroll through an abandonded watchtower and setting fire to the malnourished fetishist with low blood pressure that lives in it.Edit: Ok, I'm just being snarky and a bit nitpicky here. Pyat Pree is done and acted quite well, but he does not nearly appear as powerful as he should here, in his home base. There was no sense of real danger for dany.
					
					
							Edited by Rabbity, 04 June 2012 - 02:07 AM.
335	kevinbgwrites	2012-06-04	Posted my review here... totally missed the dumb being married in the seven. I guess it could be viewed as the gods Tallisa took up? Or only priest was of the seven? idkhttp://www.youtube.c...4&feature=inbox
336	As high as honor	2012-06-04	Okay, really liked most of the episode. 
I thought The way they did Theons story arch was well done despite certain changes. I assume everyone knew the bastard of Bolton was the one with 500 men outside of winterfell. So I'm guessing the iron born gave up Theon in exchange for their lives? Perhaps he becomes reek a bit earlier then expected? And we will be introduced to Ramsay next season?
Thoughts on the HOTU? 
What did the throne room mean? 
The wall....her possible connection with Jon snow? Fuck! I have to re-read COK!
I thought it felt rushed. When I heard a baby crying I got so excited I almost shit myself. Mainly bc I thought they were going to show Rheagar and Elia giving birth.
337	As high as honor	2012-06-04	Okay, really liked most of the episode. 
I thought The way they did Theons story arch was well done despite certain changes. I assume everyone knew the bastard of Bolton was the one with 500 men outside of winterfell. So I'm guessing the iron born gave up Theon in exchange for their lives? Perhaps he becomes reek a bit earlier then expected? And we will be introduced to Ramsay next season?
Thoughts on the HOTU? 
What did the throne room mean? 
The wall....her possible connection with Jon snow? Fuck! I have to re-read COK!
I thought it felt rushed. When I heard a baby crying I got so excited I almost shit myself. Mainly bc I thought they were going to show Rheagar and Elia giving birth.
338	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I thought that taken as a whole, this was a great season. There were also a lot to love in this episode as well. The dragon fire was absolutely amazing, and it was nice to see Brienne kicking ass as well. The relationship between Shae and Tyrion has grown even more complex and enjoyable than even the books at this point, and I personally liked the addition of Jason Mamoa even though it was vastly different than what happened in the books. I would like to have seen glimpses of other visions though... 
 I finally found a scream out loud and flip over a table moment though, and it was Rob's wedding. There is plausible explanations for almost every faux paux and mistake in the writing up to this point, but to set a wedding scene and not know what gods either of the characters in the scene worship is just blatantly lazy. I don't understand how this was let through. I am watching the show with a bunch of the unsullied, and I had to pause it to go on a rant.
Twin's horse shitting in the throne room was a perfect shot, and Sophie Turner and Natalie Dormir did amazing jobs as the betrothed girls with Jackie Gleeson again playing an impeccable little shit. Allen Alfie was incredible. I also think they show, just as the books gave the possibility of Luwin being still alive. (Hooded man in Winterfell anyone?"
339	summer_stark	2012-06-04	Too much to read through and i'm too tired...so...my thoughts.
1) WHERE IS GHOST!?!  I know, i harp on this every week, but it literally makes no sense in the story that there is no Ghost -- it makes sense budget wise since how do you make a cgi dw attack someone realistically, but to not have him there at all, I just don't understand it.
2) HOTU -- this was ok for me.  I didn't think that drogo scene was amazing, honestly -- but the rest was fine.  i am actually in the minority of people who are glad they didn't visualize the prophecies -- i had been hoping they wouldn't because some shit would've been way too obvious -- a wolf head on a guy dead at a wedding?  hello super telegraphing.  i mean, granted, they're already telegraphing a bit with the whole "cant betray a frey!" thing and newbies seem to think he'll die for it, but i'm glad they aren't totally spoiling it is mainly how i feel about it.  when she went to the wall though, i thought we'd see a blue flower!  otherwise, that was random...
3) jaqen+ arya=awesomeness.  although the new guy/makeup (i think it was a new guy cos the voice was different) made me sad b/c i love Tom W.  you will be missed...maybe he can wear jaqenface whenver we see him killing people in the series.
4) winterfell -- i liked that whole sequence.  they will bring in ramsay and some people are already predicting that that's what happened -- granted, they weren't going to be able to show the razing w/o the whole subplot, which was a bummer, but i'm glad we get our reek and ramsay.  cried when luwin died after talking to the boys...couldn't help it even though i knew it was coming.  i sort of got on the "maybe they'll keep him alive" bandwagon after no reeds, but then once they were confirmed for season 3, i figured he'd die -- so as soon as he walked out after dagmer hit theon over the head, i thought, there goes luwin...but still cried! nice work GOT.
5) north of the wall -- i think they fucked this up way worse than dany's storyline.  my newbie friends had no idea that qhorin egged jon on to kill him to become a double agent -- they just thought qhorin suddenly hated jon and tried to kill him.  such a totally unnecessary way to do it -- of all the things they make blatant, to make this one subtle seemed like a huge mistake -- some newbie reviews think jon is now FREE from the night's watch and wonder what he'll do next!  that is just a failure of the team. and it makes no sense whatsoever.  the amount of time and money it would've taken to clear this up is very minor -- compared to how fucked up this makes jon look and how people will always wonder whether he is a double agent or just an opportunist -- he leaves the nw to join teh wildlings when that's the only way then joins the nw again -- maybe at that point it will make more sense that he was a double agent, but i dunno -- it just seems too random.
i don't understand why they did it that way and now i really wonder whether ghost is ever coming back?!!?  is it just b/c they were up in the mountains and ... ghost couldn't follow?  as long as he comes back, i don't care what their reasoning is.  i presume he will come back, but what if he doesn't???  i can't see that happening.  i mean i can, but i will be super bummed.  ghost is literally my 3rd favorite character in the whole damn series.  (which i know is very weird).
7) the white walkers looked so bad i cringed.  super bummed.  i liked the weird black ones way better -- they looked way more mysterious and cloaked and creepy.  these reminded me of like a skeletor zombie and agree that it makes no sense not to kill sam immediately and there's no way sam is getting out of there w/o some absurdly contrived storyline. what? he kills the horsed white walker and the wights are just like ok nevermind we're out.
8) i didn't love tyrion/shae's scene -- i loved how now the whole 'they're in love' story is now very clear and will be very painful, but something about it was ... off.  maybe it's just the fact that i know her feelings and i can't watch tyrion love her instead of it being a problem w/peter and sybill (?)'s chemistry.
9) the doreah betrayal was a cool surprise, and i liked how they are starting to make dany ruthless and fucked up...and regardless of how terrible doreah's betrayal was -- locking her in an empty vault w/one other person, who will likely eat her b/f he dies of starvation/dehydration -- was just another level of fuckeduppedness that is totally the dany i have come to dislike.
10) brienne was bamf and the scene with them trying to pass jaime off was hilarious and then the dude asking them to count to 3 and then say his name at the same time was friggin genius.  also, the whole, if i'd known i was jaime lannister, i wouldn't have had to steal that pig bit was awesome.
so if i added it up:
KL +1
Winterfell +5 (with extra points to theon's hilarious diatribe about the horns; and luwin's death scene.  and b/c at least bran and rickon's direwolves still exist)
HoTu +1
north of the wall -10
stannis +1
robb/talisa 0
jaqen/arya + 5
jaime/brienne +4
all in all, a pretty mixed bag
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 04 June 2012 - 02:41 AM.
340	CloudFlare	2012-06-04	Not at all surprised, nor do I mind changes. That was a bit wasted potential, though. They gave Dany something interesting to do, which is good, and then it climaxes in her taking a stroll through an abandonded watchtower and setting fire to the malnourished fetishist with low blood pressure that lives in it.Edit: Ok, I'm just being snarky and a bit nitpicky here. Pyat Pree is done and acted quite well, but he does not nearly appear as powerful as he should here, in his home base. There was no sense of real danger for dany.I think the show writers were in a bind with Dany and S1/S2. If they stayed true to the books her storyline would have been pretty boring(or difficult to convey) in a visual medium. Dany gains inner strength during this time, but the only external struggles she faces are her minor scrap with Viserys and MMD. The book HotU reveals the prophecies and Dany's destiny, but the visual action is fairly tame. Her defeat of the warlocks is mostly by accident, and is carried out by Drogon.The kidnapping plot was a good attempt to make it work better on TV, but the showdown with the warlocks kind of flopped. Dany stumbles around in the tower,  with the warlocks letting her into the super-dooper-magic vision room for a while, then they bind her. Didn't make much sense, or have much tension. Maybe the warlocks underestimated her?
341	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Maybe it's just because Blackwater was so awsome, but I was really disapointed wit this episode
HOTU- not even a damed blue rose, nothing, is this so hart to make one vision right
Jon-he deserted as long as I get it he just get furious and kill the Halfhand
Robb-he married her because he was so horny, come on where is his Stark hhonor, why should his men follow him now?
Theon-where is Ramsey???
LF-WTF do he want to help her for real now, or is she just an asset for him?
Varys-is he a EUNUCH now for sure, does GRRM know about this scence, would be funny if he isn't in the book
Ros-first LF and now Varys, come on
Tyrion-It seems they buid up a alliance between Varys and him, but he and Shae I thought: You are a fool dwarf, you pay her
Bran- a barrow, where is the basket
But there was good things too:
-Theon and Luwin
-the vault at the end
-Tywins horse shit in the throneroom
But after all I now want to make a little bit dracary with the writers of the show
342	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-04	I disliked that we got that nobody Ros but no Rhaegar. I wouldn't have minded Harry in a better, longer wig.
Dany looked gorgeous in the snow though.
& I'm even more convinced that Drogo returning to Dany means her joining him in the afterlife.
It's interesting that the Iron Throne was covered in snow.
EDIT: I forgot to mention that the WW looked like a baboon to me.
					
					
							Edited by ARYa_Nym, 04 June 2012 - 02:37 AM.
343	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-06-04	So Robb swears by the Seven. I have to ask. Does it cost to much to make a scene where a northerner swears by the Old Gods and not by The Seven?
344	Jovet	2012-06-04	Umm, in Sam's last scene, were those _Others_ on the horses, or wights? The one that stared at Sam looked nothing like the S1 other. Hell, he looked like he was half tree.It seems to me they were all wights before.  Meaning, unlike the first book's Prologue, we've never actually seen an Other until the last scene aired tonight.  Several things about that scene were different as it is, so that's my basis for that assumption.I was hoping for "cracking ice" voices, though.  The noise it made didn't sound otherworldly enough to me. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />   I think the Other itself looked great!  It certainly didn't look human.  Can't wait to see what they do with the Children of the Forest, now that I think about it...
345	Rabbity	2012-06-04	I think the show writers were in a bind with Dany and S1/S2. If they stayed true to the books her storyline would have been pretty boring(or difficult to convey) in a visual medium. Dany gains inner strength during this time, but the only external struggles she faces are her minor scrap with Viserys and MMD. The book HotU reveals the prophecies and Dany's destiny, but the visual action is fairly tame. Her defeat of the warlocks is mostly by accident, and is carried out by Drogon. The kidnapping plot was a good attempt to make it work better on TV, but the showdown with the warlocks kind of flopped. Dany stumbles around in the tower,  with the warlocks letting her into the super-dooper-magic vision room for a while, then they bind her. Didn't make much sense, or have much tension. Maybe the warlocks underestimated her?Not sure if you meant to disagree, but that's mostly what I meant, yup. The writers meant well, precisely because introducing a visual struggle was necessary for the tv. And the magic-dragon-dany link as motivation for taking her and keeping her alive was plausible. But the execution was a bit lacking, especially after the Battle of King's Landing was so awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Rabbity, 04 June 2012 - 02:39 AM.
346	Gertrude	2012-06-04	Yeah, the topper to the shit Robb/Talisa story was the wedding with the wrong gods. I understand why they wanted to beef up Robb's story this season, but it didn't work. I was trying to give it the benefit of the doubt, but now that the season is over, I guess the time for that is over.
I was so dissappointed that we didn't get Robb/Cat's reaction to the news of Bran and Rickon's 'death'. Did I miss that along the line? Instead of giving us Talisa's backstory about why she wanted to be a healer, couldn't that have been time for Robb to react and grieve? It would still lead to sexy time, but it would have added a lot more than getting us to care about a throw away character. And I still don't understand why the hell she had to be foreign. It makes her more interesting (supposedly anyway) but it's not her job to be interesting. Make her the daughter of a minor Lord in the Riverlands if her family doesn't matter in the show version, but  ... ugh. Did not like. 
Dany's story this season was not great. I know there was not much to work with, but even with adding extra conflict it did not work for me. The whole HotU didn't have any emotional impact for me. I am not getting into the whole visions and prophecy thing, what was shown/left out, but just as a whole I wasn't invested.
In the show I like that Shae seems to love Tyrion, but I do miss the book Shae and Tyrion's delusions about her. I am not sure which is more tragic for Tyrion down the line.
					
					
							Edited by Gertrude, 04 June 2012 - 02:55 AM.
347	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	Ros-first LF and now Varys, come ondon't forget Pycelle, she was spying on Pycelle last season as his "special guest star"  They might as well put her on the Small Council as she's on first name basis with LF, Pycelle, Varys, Tyrion and Joffrey.Tywins horse shit in the throneroomthat was a funny scene, but in looking back over the season, I am starting to think that was a message to the longtime readers / fans of ASoIaF.  :-\edited for spelling
					
					
							Edited by A Song of Hound and Wolves, 04 June 2012 - 02:43 AM.
348	victim	2012-06-04	I can't help but assume that Robb being married in the light of the Seven is a major plot point in the tv show. I'm not sure why but it had to be done for a reason, right? That's really my only nitpick. I liked this episode.
349	Lord Elrosir	2012-06-04	- Littlefinger being awfully open about helping Sansa; why was Dontos introduced at all, I wonder?I remember reading somewhere that Dontos had scenes that were filmed but not put in.  I think they just made a casting blunder and the actor couldn't give them what they needed when they got to editing.  He was a really shitty Dontos in the first episode.
350	J_Crews	2012-06-04	http://www.baltimore...0,2691881.story
351	Stonering	2012-06-04	A lot of people here seem to be confusing wights and the White Walkers.  The guy on the dead horse was a White Walker, the rest were wights - reanimated dead people.  They were dark and in black in the Prologue to Season 1 because they were mostly reanimated dead members of the Night Watch, whereas in the last scene of Season 2, they are in white because they are mainly reanimated Wildlings.
352	bloodymime	2012-06-04	I'll have to see if I have the same impression when I watch it again but I actually liked the White Walkers. Nothing at all like I pictured them from the books but they really gave this feeling of crawling straight out of winter.
353	Gertrude	2012-06-04	And the wight army was pretty creepy and menacing ... at first. The more they showed it, the less menacing it seemed. I mean, I liked the horse and the close up of the WW, but I think a glimpse rather than a lingering shot would have been better, and definitely more fog. It's hard not to compare it to the Walking Dead when you see it rather than imagine it, but I think being more vague and shadowy would have worked better.
354	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-06-04	I can't help but assume that Robb being married in the light of the Seven is a major plot point in the tv show. I'm not sure why but it had to be done for a reason, right? That's really my only nitpick. I liked this episode. I thought about that but then I remembered that Rickard Karstark also swore by The Seven when they released the Kingslayer.I don't think Robb swearing by the seven was a major plot point. I think it was a mistake. I would like to think it was a mistake. Cause, if not, it would just be a huge "fuck you" from the producers to all the readers of the books.I don't like some of the changes they made. Totally unnecessary.They did not kill Doreah only to have her betray Daeneris.They killed Rakharo, Irri for some unknown reasons.They made lord Tywin look like an old uncle.The ironborn are now traitorous bastards.Ghost is awol.Osha is a slut.Shae is a main character.Ros is.... what is Ros? What is her role in all of this?!Robb's wife is some unknown bitch.Xaro is dead.Salladhor Saan is black.Drogo is Obi-Wan Kenobi.The House of the Undying has only one undying.Ser Barristan did not appear. Neither did Strong Belwas or the Reeds.Episode 9 was the best this season has to offer. It was actually one of the best in the entire series. No wonder since GRRM contributed to its making.
355	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-06-04	Sorry for the double post. Someone please delete this.
					
					
							Edited by TheRiderThatMounts, 04 June 2012 - 03:05 AM.
356	The Shadowbinder	2012-06-04	The White Walkers were absolutely terrible.Why do they walk so slowly, staring up at the sky, pretending to be dead like a five-year-old would? The only thing missing was their tongue hanging out. I felt like I was watching Shaun of the Dead. That was simply embarrassing.The supernatural is a delicate aspect of ASoIF and should be handled in a way that doesn't lessen the story.Yeah the White Walker looked like a hairy zombie with arthritis... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> How am I suppose to dread an enemy I can escape at a brisk trott? I always imagined the White Walkers as elegant, graceful... almost elven in appearance. Where was the glittering armor? Monkey dude was nude.I liked the rest of the episode pretty well though. Kinda wondering why they made up that pointless king of Qarth storyline instead of fleshing out the HotU - which could have been half an episode and as epic as Blackwater.Robb, King of the North, getting married in the Light of the Seven, total fail. Guh why not just have Cat/Robb find out about Bran/Rickon dying before making these obviously terrible, stupid decisions /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Tyrion and Shae was great, they're making her character much more interesting than in the book.Really loved Theon. One of my favorite book arcs, and I feel like we're learning even more about his motivations and feelings through the series. Comical Dagmar ending was a little odd - but I'm pretty sure this is a setup for Season 3 Theon to recall the Bastard's betrayal and burning of Winterfell in flashbacks. Really looking forward to season 3, I expect it'll be much better since they can (hopefully) go into more detail since its only half a book.Valar Morgulis! That was awesome too /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> although I wish Jaqen did the downward face wipe transformation like in the book but now I'm just nitpicking /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by The Shadowbinder, 04 June 2012 - 03:11 AM.
357	J_Crews	2012-06-04	To those having issues over Robb marrying Susie SexyNurse in the light of the Seven:
You need to remember that they're marrying somewhere near a war camp in the South.  Northern marriage vows are said before a weirwood, of which there are none in the South.
358	K.C.	2012-06-04	Ros is.... what is Ros? What is her role in all of this?!Ros is either a secret Targaryen (GRRM did say he would use her in future books...) or a catch-all solution for when there's a loose plot end or people need someone to talk at.
359	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-06-04	To those having issues over Robb marrying Susie SexyNurse in the light of the Seven:You need to remember that they're marrying somewhere near a war camp in the South.  Northern marriage vows are said before a weirwood, of which there are none in the South.Good point. However, Robb's religion is not that of the Seven and neither is Tallisa's(if she is from Volantis). I doubt that two people with two different religions would marry into a third different religion. Come on!And there are weirwoods in the south.The Blackwoods still serve the Old Gods and a lot of castles have their own Godswood!
360	Gertrude	2012-06-04	To those having issues over Robb marrying Susie SexyNurse in the light of the Seven:You need to remember that they're marrying somewhere near a war camp in the South.  Northern marriage vows are said before a weirwood, of which there are none in the South.I did think about this, but there could have been some accommodation made. Just even mentioning the old gods would have sufficed for me. Also, as someone pointed out, having Karstark swear by the seven indicated it was probably sloppy rather than taking practical matters into consideration (no tree available).
361	K.C.	2012-06-04	To those having issues over Robb marrying Susie SexyNurse in the light of the Seven:You need to remember that they're marrying somewhere near a war camp in the South.  Northern marriage vows are said before a weirwood, of which there are none in the South.I had tried to make a separate thread on this earlier, but wasn't able to because of the forums acting up. Thanks for pointing that out about the weirwood. But in the absence of their own gods, they swear to someone else's?
362	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-04	I'm on both sides of the debate. I freakin loved the episode, and loved the way they chose to present the material. But at the same time I can't help but feel a little disappointed at the changes and omissions. I think what many of us feel, in terms of book-readers, is that...well...it could have been better. That's like the theme of the season. It could have been better.Don't get me wrong, I loved what I saw in this episode. And i would give it a 10/10. But it had potential to be a 12/10, or even a 20/10. (if they nailed the HotU perfectly) And I feel like their perfectly capable (especially after season one) of presenting the book material better, without resorting to changes.But I do have a question that I hope someone answers in the midst of this swarm of posts.Has Martin stated if the show is in canon with the books? Does the show confirm things unconfirmed in the books? For example, when Ros discovered firsthand that Varys was a eunuch, is that a confirmation that Varys is indeed a eunuch in the books? (I personally have always believed that he is a eunuch, don't understand why I wouldn't, but apparently there are theories saying he could not be)I feel like its a yes but I'm not sure...
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 04 June 2012 - 03:17 AM.
363	Nav Akbar	2012-06-04	altho a brilliant show for the people who have not read the books i still think the makers are missing the point that most people who watch the show then go onto read the books and in that respect there making a mistake in not including essential and crucial parts that make the entire book series so worth while ..... i am referring to the warnings in the house of the undying ....3 times you will be betrayed this made us all want to re-read the books and try and work out who and when she would be betrayed also the blue rose in the ice wall has been a massive rumour mill since it was mentioned in the book and if it all plays out like we think it will then missing that out of the show might come back and bite the makers on there arse possibly.
The fight with Jon could and should have been better explained....maybe a scene at nite when they are camping and the 2 of them could have had a brief exchange and came to the conclusion that a fight to the death was the best way to integrate jon with the people beyond the wall.
Bolton's betrayal could have been hinted at with a simple scene of him outside when Theon's men are leaving.
Not enough empathy/screen time  is being given to Rob....this is not good esp since we as book readers know about the red wedding and the trauma that caused us all for days if not weeks after reading it ....i fear if and when it happens in the series people will just go oh well unlike when Joffrey gets his cause the show has done a brilliant job in making him someone we all really really really hate ... that dinner scene is going to be epic.
And last but certainly not least ......seriously WTF ... why did they miss out so many Direwolf sections .....i like the wolves /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
364	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-06-04	I took a look at the scene again. Robb and Talissa got married under a huge tree! Not a Weirwood, but a tree non the less. And they spoke the words of the seven...... WEAK!
The actors carried the show this season. That is the truth of it. Tyrion, Joffrey, Theon, Jaquen, Jamie - I love these characters more because of the actors that gave them life!
What is dead may never die!!!! .... sorry about that. Theon's speach still has me in its trance... /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
365	Jaimeisnotazombie	2012-06-04	They shouldnt have shown the walkers at all. I hope to forget that image. The undead horse surounded by MIST would of been awesome, then cut scene. I would not be afraid of that, I would laugh at it. The wights looked good tho.
HOTU sucked, boring even. I Understand they dont want spoiler's, but they could of at least made it fun, they tryed heartfelt with Drogo, it fell flat.
The only thing i found interesting was, Dany never touched the throne, is it foreshadowing that she we make it all the way to KL, but never take the throne? Just interesting.
What about Jaqen telling Arya, the FM will help you kill all those people, WTF they will do everything but that.
Varys is masterful as always, but now he is with Ros The Useless, that is her formal title as far as i am concerned.
Dont want to spoil things, but lets have Littlefinger tell sansa he will save her...
Those thing where dumb, but i understand it cant be the books.
8/10 as far a TV goes
3/10 in relation to book.
366	Javi Marcos	2012-06-04	Book purists are horrible.
The only serious complain I could express is Jon's arc...and Ygritte was so good in it that I don't care. Come on, Qhorin appear in 3 chapters, is a very miror character , you can't say they have destroyed him.
Is Jon a moron in TV? Yes. Is a Jon a moron in the TV show? Yes. Keep calm.
As a book reader, I give the episode a solid 9 (8.5 for 2nd Season)
As a far as TV goes, I'd give a 9.5 or even more
367	J_Crews	2012-06-04	I don't like some of the changes they made. Totally unnecessary.They killed Rakharo,That wasn't by choice.  The actor got a bigger, better-paying gig.  He's doing the World War Z film adaptation with Brad Pitt.The ironborn are now traitorous bastards.They always were.  They're, essentially, the Westerosi stand-in for Danes going viking.  If they can't screw it, eat it, or sell it it's useless to them.  Trying to turn such people into something that fits in with the school of warfare Theon grew-up learning was on of his big blunders.  The Ironborn do not occupy inland holding, regardless of the strength of the fortress... because they're strength is their fleet.Osha is a slut.She always was.  She went from humping the wildling (former crow) who was killed last season straight to letting Winterfell's cook "lift her skirts."  Having her with Theon didn't change her character in the slightest; it just kept them from needing to cast another actress for Theon to play with.Xaro is dead.Who cares?  He shows-up one more time in the following 3 books and does nothing that can't be done by another new character.  This isn't a book; it's TV -- keeping him alive would've meant either using him on-screen, taking $$$ out of the budget every season to pay him under a holding contract, or re-casting him.Salladhor Saan is black.Why is this a problem?Ser Barristan did not appear. Neither did Strong Belwas or the Reeds.We know the Reeds are being cast for next season. Why pay an actual salary to the actor who plays Ser Barristan for him to be in one scene, when they could just as easily pay him under a holding contract (less $$$) and then re-introduce him as a full cast member in Season 3?Also, I wouldn't be surprised if Belwas gets cut altogether?
368	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	To those having issues over Robb marrying Susie SexyNurse in the light of the Seven:You need to remember that they're marrying somewhere near a war camp in the South.  Northern marriage vows are said before a weirwood, of which there are none in the South.Or a godswood when a weirwood is unavailable in the south. There are plenty of those. Even if you couldn't find a godswood, do you convert religions? Ok... maybe converting religions is acceptable if you are doing so for your spouse even though your bannermen would like as not quit following you for this. The problem with this, is that Rob's bride is from Esos, and she wouldn't be a worshiper of the seven either.This was flat out bad writing. If they would have just watched the special features on their own blu ray, it would have been figured out. I am as big of a defender of the writing of this show as there is, but this was just wrong. The producers need better fact checkers.I am available by the way...
369	Jedi Master Hot Pie	2012-06-04	A few people, and when I mean few, I mean a tiny amount of people are forgetting that Wights effectively as Zombies. They're pretty much exactly the same, except Wights have glowing blue eyes. Them being all messed up and zombie like is pretty true to the books.
As for the original White Walker being black, perhaps they wear clothes? And in Season 1 we never saw a close up of the White Walkers.
370	Frumpus	2012-06-04	IMO they should not have even bothered to cast the Reeds next season. I feel like they have bowed too much to fan pressure when they need to focus on tightening existing storylines and adapting for tv better.
371	Lord Rickard Snow	2012-06-04	Great Episode  wish it was  ten more minutes of Blackwater than this one, although can't see much of this episode that could be lost.
Here how imy feelings now that we have to wait till next season
1- Found a great present under the holiday Tree (Watched the Episode)
2- Shook it  guess what it is  (Read the Books, minus 500 pages of DwD)
3- Found the tree on Fire, now having to wait till next holiday to get a new one (Next Season can't come faster)
Speaking of faster does anyone think that the show will eventually catch up to or pass the books? Was thinking that because of the expidited feeling i get when watching
372	J_Crews	2012-06-04	Good point. However, Robb's religion is not that of the Seven and neither is Tallisa's(if she is from Volantis). I doubt that two people with two different religions would marry into a third different religion. Come on!And there are weirwoods in the south.The Blackwoods still serve the Old Gods and a lot of castles have their own Godswood!Southern godswoods, almost uniformly, have no weirwoods, using other tress like oaks, etc. as their heart trees.  Off the top of my head, I can only remember one weirwood is the south, that being at Raventree Hall.  Riverrun and King's Landing are specifically mentioned as having no weirwoods  So, how do we know they aren't hundreds of miles from the nearest (and maybe the only) one?  The Riverlands is a big region.I did think about this, but there could have been some accommodation made. Just even mentioning the old gods would have sufficed for me. Also, as someone pointed out, having Karstark swear by the seven indicated it was probably sloppy rather than taking practical matters into consideration (no tree available).I had tried to make a separate thread on this earlier, but wasn't able to because of the forums acting up. Thanks for pointing that out about the weirwood. But in the absence of their own gods, they swear to someone else's?I took to be more like a "We need to get married now.  Let's go find a septon."
373	J_Crews	2012-06-04	Good point. However, Robb's religion is not that of the Seven and neither is Tallisa's(if she is from Volantis). I doubt that two people with two different religions would marry into a third different religion. Come on!And there are weirwoods in the south.The Blackwoods still serve the Old Gods and a lot of castles have their own Godswood!Southern godswoods, almost uniformly, have no weirwoods, using other tress like oaks, etc. as their heart trees.  Off the top of my head, I can only remember one weirwood is the south, that being at Raventree Hall.  Riverrun and King's Landing are specifically mentioned as having no weirwoods  So, how do we know they aren't hundreds of miles from the nearest (and maybe the only) one?  The Riverlands is a big region.I did think about this, but there could have been some accommodation made. Just even mentioning the old gods would have sufficed for me. Also, as someone pointed out, having Karstark swear by the seven indicated it was probably sloppy rather than taking practical matters into consideration (no tree available).I had tried to make a separate thread on this earlier, but wasn't able to because of the forums acting up. Thanks for pointing that out about the weirwood. But in the absence of their own gods, they swear to someone else's?I took to be more like a "We need to get married now.  Let's go find a septon."
374	salt	2012-06-04	Hated, hated, hated hated hated hated the way the Other looked.  I almost laughed when it popped up on screen, it looked like some sort of goofy snow ape that belongs in Avatar 2 or something.  A couple of good scenes but overall a weak episode, not exactly ending on a high note.
375	JojenReed	2012-06-04	I thought it was pretty good. Yes I know the House of the Undying was a bit bad. The main thing that annoyed me is how good tyrion still looks. A pictured him alot more disfigured than that, like half his nose had been hacked off but i guess they had to pretty him up :/
376	J_Crews	2012-06-04	Or a godswood when a weirwood is unavailable in the south. There are plenty of those.Godswoods are in castles.  There was no castle ergo... no godswood?Even if you couldn't find a godswood, do you convert religions? Ok... maybe converting religions is acceptable if you are doing so for your spouse even though your bannermen would like as not quit following you for this. The problem with this, is that Rob's bride is from Esos, and she wouldn't be a worshiper of the seven either.I hear ya, dude.  They wanted to get married, though.  I'm not a Catholic, but, if I wanted to get married in a hurry and a Catholic Priest was game, I'd straight-up be gettin' married by a Catholic Priest.  That was my take on it.
377	J_Crews	2012-06-04	double post.  board had a brain fart.
					
					
							Edited by J_Crews, 04 June 2012 - 04:00 AM.
378	Arataniello	2012-06-04	Overall, another poor adaptation to finish a season of poor adaptation.  Out goes so much of the memorable stuff that makes the books so enjoyable (House of the Undying, fall of Winterfell) for pale imitations that lack the power of the original.
379	rmanoj	2012-06-04	Southern godswoods, almost uniformly, have no weirwoods, using other tress like oaks, etc. as their heart trees.  Off the top of my head, I can only remember one weirwood is the south, that being at Raventree Hall.  Riverrun and King's Landing They could use a non-weirwood heart tree as a substitute in a pinch. Surely it's the intent that matters. It makes more sense than picking a completely different set of gods...And Riverrun does have a weirwood tree - check that scene in AGoT where Robb and the other Northern leaders (and Tytos Blackwood) are kneeling before it. They have them in various other places in the South as well - Casterly Rock, Oldtown and possibly one at Storm's End that was burned by Mel (?).
380	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-06-04	That wasn't by choice.  The actor got a bigger, better-paying gig.  He's doing the World War Z film adaptation with Brad Pitt.I knew that. But the books clearly say that Rhakaro is a youth that is still growing. By the fifth book we see him as a man, bigger and brawnier, completely changed from the boy in the first book. The same thing happened with the character of Gregor Clegane. The actor that played him in the first season, Conan Stevens, went to make The Hobbit. They replaced the actor and did not kill the character. They could have done the same thing with Rhakaro.They always were.  They're, essentially, the Westerosi stand-in for Danes going viking.  If they can't screw it, eat it, or sell it it's useless to them.  Trying to turn such people into something that fits in with the school of warfare Theon grew-up learning was on of his big blunders.  The Ironborn do not occupy inland holding, regardless of the strength of the fortress... because they're strength is their fleet.No, they're not. They did not abbandon Theon, not even once. And Dagmer was a pretty loyal dude. He gave Theon good advice and did what was asked of him.Remember the scene in the fifth book where Reek goes to Moat Cailin to ask the ironborn holding the ruins to surrender. They are reluctant to do so, they want to stay and fight and die. Only after they hear about Crow's Eye winnin the kingsmoot do they accept to give up. And also, the one that came and told them to give up was balon's son, not a nobody.She always was.  She went from humping the wildling (former crow) who was killed last season straight to letting Winterfell's cook "lift her skirts."  Having her with Theon didn't change her character in the slightest; it just kept them from needing to cast another actress for Theon to play with.You're right here. I forgot about the part with the cook /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Who cares?  He shows-up one more time in the following 3 books and does nothing that can't be done by another new character.  This isn't a book; it's TV -- keeping him alive would've meant either using him on-screen, taking $$$ out of the budget every season to pay him under a holding contract, or re-casting him.You may be right here as well. Though he may play a bigger part in the books that follow.Why is this a problem?Salladhor Saan is a Lysene pirate. The Lysene have white-blond hair, blue eyes and smooth fair skin.We know the Reeds are being cast for next season.I know. But it still makes no sense.Why pay an actual salary to the actor who plays Ser Barristan for him to be in one scene, when they could just as easily pay him under a holding contract (less $$$) and then re-introduce him as a full cast member in Season 3?The talk almost always comes to the financial part. People keep telling me that the actors need to be paid. But it's not like the show is not making any money. I would guess it makes a whole lot of money. A buttload of money. A Scrooge McDuck load of money. And we're still talking about paying actors?! Come on!Also, I wouldn't be surprised if Belwas gets cut altogether?That would just be wrong.Then they should also scrap the sand snakes, the damphair, Stannis' knights, the rest of the tyrells, etc.
381	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I took to be more like a "We need to get married now.  Let's go find a septon."What holds the North together with the exception of White Harbor and the Manderly's worship of the faith, is that they all have the same gods. The King of the North is followed not because people want to give their gold to the Starks over the Lannisters or Baretheons. What holds them together as a region is the worship of the old gods. This is established even in the show.The people that I was watching the show with didn't understand why I got as upset as I did, as I have not once this year been angry at any of the changes. This was not a change. This was a fundamental misinterpretation even in the realm of their own writing. .I'm not a Catholic, but, if I wanted to get married in a hurry and a Catholic Priest was game, I'd straight-up be gettin' married by a Catholic Priest. That was my take on it.No you wouldn't unless you went through Catechism first...
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 04:04 AM.
382	CloudFlare	2012-06-04	A few people, and when I mean few, I mean a tiny amount of people are forgetting that Wights effectively as Zombies. They're pretty much exactly the same, except Wights have glowing blue eyes. Them being all messed up and zombie like is pretty true to the books. Wights aren't zombies in behavior or appearance. They have the apparent ability to play dead and carry out rudimentary order, as shown by the attack on Lord Commander Mormont. Classical zombies eat brains and not much else. Wights don't appear to decay. The two zombies that attacked Mormont didn't have corpse stink, and Coldhands isn't decaying.
383	MaximusDecimus	2012-06-04	Book purists are horrible.The only serious complain I could express is Jon's arc...and Ygritte was so good in it that I don't care. Come on, Qhorin appear in 3 chapters, is a very miror character , you can't say they have destroyed him.Is Jon a moron in TV? Yes. Is a Jon a moron in the TV show? Yes. Keep calm.As a book reader, I give the episode a solid 9 (8.5 for 2nd Season)As a far as TV goes, I'd give a 9.5 or even moreC'mon, what about the house of the undead? it was easily one of my favorite moments of ALL the books, and was badly mishandled in the episode. Not only by the lack of prophecies or utter pointlessness, but by making even their good ideas (such as Dany having a vision with Drogo to be in a trance like state and not wanting to flee, that is what I got from their intentions) into something lame. And about Jon Snow, the problem is not that he is a moron or not, is that the resolution was terribly rushed. I have talked to a few unsullied that also felt that way, specially when, just after slaying and betraying a known NW hero, he is IMMEDIATELY freed and considered as one of the Wildlings without further doubts from rattle shirt.And I won't even talk about the marriage under the seven, b/c that was just stupid. Maybe next season they will cite it en passant in order to look like it was not a mistake.The main gripes that most people have is that those issues would mostly be solved with small modifications that would not need a larger budget, but simply changing some scenes.However, Brienne, the whole theon/luwin situation and KL were really good. Somewhat mixed feelings about the White Walkers. I always saw the Wights as zombies so I was OK with that, but the WW seemed as bad CG when up close, but from afar they were okay
384	knownothing	2012-06-04	Regarding Robb and Talisha's marriage with the vows of the Seven. Any chance that this may be a way to 'un-legitimaze'  their marriage, in the eyes of Northerner's, should the need arise? For instance this Talisha/Jeyne becomes pregnant  on the TV series, the child could be deemed illegitimate should that be in the North's favor. She is a traitor we know.
It is hard to guess since this is such a convoluted plot line when compared to the book! In the books we are left wondering how much she knew about her mother and and Tywin's plotting but in the show we see her write the letter that is  the one Tywin is reading at Harrenhall. There is also the whole is she pregnant question in the books.
385	thekid	2012-06-04	Was the first rider who saw Sam Coldhands? Could be why he seemed to be "spared".
386	dni	2012-06-04	I was pretty disappointed with this episode, As a book reader but one that hasn't read the books in years most of the minor changes didn't instantly bother me this season. I felt like something was off or in a few cases i remembered that what happened was significantly different in the books but i kept telling myself that as long as the big important parts of the book were addressed and the characters stay true then it doesn't really matter. So as the season progressed and stories deviated more and more my expectations for this final episode continued to grow. As i watched it i kept glancing nervously at the clock as time ran down, I remember thinking "ok maester this is a really touching scene and youre both great and i have a newfound respect for you as actors but we need to get to the house of the undying pronto! There's a ton of stuff that needs to be covered! and we need some screen time between John and Qhorin or that scenes going to feel horribly random!" But the clock just kept ticking down... by the time we had five more minutes wasted on freaking Ros i knew it was going to be a let down, but i thought they'd at least put a few things in... how hard would it of been to put one blue flower on the ground at the wall and have Dany in the eerie snow and soft light (which looked way nice) pick it up? Why Drogo? what a waste. Her entire plot this season was worse than it was in the book... the villains were flat and pathetic too, warlock just stood there and waited to get burnt didn't take any precautions... the rich genie looking guy had a massive fancy vault... for nothing? He could of at least kept his monocle and top hat and evil wiry fake mustache in there. The Jon scene didn't have any tension it really didn't feel like it was as hard of a decision as it was in the books for him, especially with how he disarmed him, i expected him to hesitate there at least and maybe have ygritte encourage/plead with him to do it.. or maybe qhorin taunt him a bit... but even qhorin looked surprised at how fast he stabbed him in the heart. meh
I give this episode a 7/10...   5/10 for writing and a 9/10 for acting, hopefully the actors don't have to carry the next season, but the more they leave things out the harder it's going to be for them to introduce important plots later on...
387	J_Crews	2012-06-04	... the books clearly say that Rhakaro is a youth that is still growing. By the fifth book we see him as a man, bigger and brawnier, completely changed from the boy in the first book. The same thing happened with the character of Gregor Clegane. The actor that played him in the first season, Conan Stevens, went to make The Hobbit. They replaced the actor and did not kill the character. They could have done the same thing with Rhakaro.I hate, hate, hate recasting actors.  That's some bush-league daytime soap opera shit.  Cue the voice-over: "The part of blah blah is now being played by blah blah."  Screw that noise.  I not only prefer dead to recast, I would prefer they never have been written into the show in the first place.  Screw recastings.  Screw them hard.No, they're not. They did not abbandon Theon, not even once. And Dagmer was a pretty loyal dude. He gave Theon good advice and did what was asked of him.Remember the scene in the fifth book where Reek goes to Moat Cailin to ask the ironborn holding the ruins to surrender. They are reluctant to do so, they want to stay and fight and die. Only after they hear about Crow's Eye winnin the kingsmoot do they accept to give up. And also, the one that came and told them to give up was balon's son, not a nobody. I misunderstood what you were referring to initially.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Salladhor Saan is a Lysene pirate. The Lysene have white-blond hair, blue eyes and smooth fair skin.That's a Lysene description from the books.  We don't know what they look like in the show.  I doubt GRRM's Lorathis are all pseudo-germans, but they are in the show.I know. But it still makes no sense.The talk almost always comes to the financial part. People keep telling me that the actors need to be paid. But it's not like the show is not making any money. I would guess it makes a whole lot of money. A buttload of money. A Scrooge McDuck load of money. And we're still talking about paying actors?! Come on!Hollywood.  Everybody is getting paid whatever their talent agent and/or manager negotiates for them, and nobody is taking a pay-cut so somebody else can get cast.  Things like that are exceedingly rare and usually only happen when a Director/Producer wants a big, big Bruce Willis-esque star in their flick, and so they agree to the cut.  GoT has a pretty big budget for a TV show, but it is not some giant inexhaustible gob of $$$.That would just be wrong.Then they should also scrap the sand snakes, the damphair, Stannis' knights, the rest of the tyrells, etc.What does Belwas do that's so important?  He's mostly comic relief.  And, for the record, some of those you named being cut wouldn't surprise me, unless they can pussy-foot around the budget issue by holding their parts of the story back until later seasons when more established (and, likely, higher-paid) actors get iced, thereby freeing-up their salaries.
388	J_Crews	2012-06-04	No you wouldn't unless you went through Catechism first... LOL!  You know what I meant!  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
389	bayrodney	2012-06-04	I gave this episode a 9. My only gripe was how highly represented the white walkers were and what purpose Ros is going to serve.
Sometimes the book purists on this site really turn me off visiting this forum. No matter what D&D do you will never be satisfied. A lot of events in the book would never translate on screen. Please remember the TV show is just an adaptation of the books - keep the books and the TV show separate. I'm grateful to see it on the screen /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Thankyou HBO, D&D, the actors/crew and GRRM.
390	fassreiter	2012-06-04	I only watched the scene beyond the Wall so far (I was hoping we might get to see Mance, but yeah...). Two things:
1. I thought the Other looked ridiculous. That was disappointing. Otherwise, great scene, I especially liked that the crows couldn't get away fast enough and left Sam behind. I always thought the books made too much of an absolute turning point when suddenly all of Jon's friends in the Watch turned into role models.
2. Did I understand correctly that Ygritte was trying to send a message to Qhorin, so to make him understand they were almost there and he better start his little drama attack soon, so Jon could gain a better position among the wildlings? Or what was the reason for her sudden attacking Jon? I thought it was clear from episode 8 that she had looked through Qhorin's fake accusations. What I don't understand: why does she do it? She wouldn't want to lead a spy to their camp knowingly, right?
391	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	Was that thing on the horse at the end a White Walker or a Wight?  It looked quite a bit different from the White Walker that was in the series premiere...
Sorry if this has been asked before.
392	White Harbors Wrath	2012-06-04	I thought about that but then I remembered that Rickard Karstark also swore by The Seven when they released the Kingslayer.He wasn't swearing by anything...I read that as him speaking figuratively. It's be like some non-believer in frustration saying some thing like " I swear to god you're driving me mad!"...it's more of a cultural statement. It could have also been read as him wanting the kingslayer so bad he's service a religion he didn't believe.Could have been any number of things besides him believing in the seven. Robbs however was either a giant blunder or them trying to make his character even more dislike-able than they're making him by disrespecting his family and vows further.
393	Ferrous	2012-06-04	It is obvious that Roose Bolton is the real hero of the series.
Unfortunately it seems that book readers cannot get passed his killing of Robb Stark, so they have made the changes in the TV series to show Roose in a better light.
394	The Frostfangs	2012-06-04	Was that thing on the horse at the end a White Walker or a Wight?  It looked quite a bit different from the White Walker that was in the series premiere...Sorry if this has been asked before.defo a whitewalker. The Wights were walking dead bodies with blue eyes. The Wakers rode the dead horses with shiny icey swords.
395	summer_stark	2012-06-04	Was that thing on the horse at the end a White Walker or a Wight?  It looked quite a bit different from the White Walker that was in the series premiere...Sorry if this has been asked before.This.  I think it's "supposed to be" a white walker, just like from the pilot and early this season w/crasters son...but it's like a "recast" like someone mentioned up thread -- the part of the white walkers are now being played by skeletor zombies...it could be them w/o the clothes? they always seemed clothed.  either way, i thought they were terrible.  the pilot one was creepy and awesome -- this was a huge step down.  not to mention the fact that we saw the same type of white walker (from the pilot) early this season -- so why change it at the end of the season?  it just makes it confusing.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 04 June 2012 - 05:05 AM.
396	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-06-04	I hate, hate, hate recasting actors.  That's some bush-league daytime soap opera shit.  Cue the voice-over: "The part of blah blah is now being played by blah blah."  Screw that noise.  I not only prefer dead to recast, I would prefer they never have been written into the show in the first place.  Screw recastings.  Screw them hard.I'm just saying. If they did it for Gregor Clegane, they could have done it for Rakharo too. There was no need to remove that character from the show.That's a Lysene description from the books.  We don't know what they look like in the show.  I doubt GRRM's Lorathis are all pseudo-germans, but they are in the show.Oh. come on. The show is based on the books. I understant having a purple eyed targaryen is hard but a white dude playing the part of a pirate is easy. They just wanted to make Saan look more exotic.Hollywood.  Everybody is getting paid whatever their talent agent and/or manager negotiates for them, and nobody is taking a pay-cut so somebody else can get cast.  Things like that are exceedingly rare and usually only happen when a Director/Producer wants a big, big Bruce Willis-esque star in their flick, and so they agree to the cut.  GoT has a pretty big budget for a TV show, but it is not some giant inexhaustible gob of $$$.But it does make a lot of money, doesn't it?!What does Belwas do that's so important?  He's mostly comic relief.  And, for the record, some of those you named being cut wouldn't surprise me, unless they can pussy-foot around the budget issue by holding their parts of the story back until later seasons when more established (and, likely, higher-paid) actors get iced, thereby freeing-up their salaries.He eats the poison that is meant for Daeneris /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I hope they won't cut too many characters. I like Garlan and the sand snakes and others.	White Harbors Wrath I think they were just careless when writing the scripts.
397	The-Black-Dread	2012-06-04	Where is Ghost??? JS v QH was still good tho
398	joaobenin	2012-06-04	just a little question, what exactly in this episode gave people the idea that khal drogo is returning? I just don't see it
399	joaobenin	2012-06-04	THERE WAS NO WHITE WALKER ON THE PILOT
Up to this point, we only saw whights in the show.
400	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	THERE WAS NO WHITE WALKER ON THE PILOTUp to this point, we only saw whights in the show.There was definitely a White Walker in the premiere episode.  It cuts off that guys head...
401	Jons Now	2012-06-04	THERE WAS NO WHITE WALKER ON THE PILOTUp to this point, we only saw whights in the show.There have been white walkers in two instances of the show up to this point. The little girl was established as the wight in the pilot and the other was the sword wielding monster that cut off the rangers head and flung it. Unless a wight (which have been characterized in the show as a bit more single minded) was trying to make a point about impending doom. as it were that scene was a divergence from GoT as waymar never fights an other, an other not appearing in that scene would have been confusing for the viewers as they were mentioned more times than they have appeared (In S1). Second time was during crasters offering in S2 although they were a bit shadowy.
402	joaobenin	2012-06-04	There was definitely a White Walker in the premiere episode.  It cuts off that guys head...white walkers and whights are NOT the same thing. White Walkers are a race, who has the power to reanimate corpses, using them like puppets, in a way. Those corpses are just zombified people, called wights, and it's wights we saw on the pilot, not white walkers. I thought anyone in this topic would've read the books.
403	salt	2012-06-04	I feel like I need to somehow burn the White Walker scene out of my brain.  That was some painfully bad television.
404	Puck the Goat	2012-06-04	I know people wanted to see Reek, etc etc. They simply were not cast.
You need to figure in the logistics of casting and contracts before you can have someone in the show.
405	Lord of the Night	2012-06-04	My thoughts on the Game of Thrones finale, Valar Morghulis (Awesome title).
Arya and Jaqen:
	Spoiler Its no secret that I have disliked Arya's story immensely this season for altering everything that makes it compelling and for removing Roose Bolton and the Bloody Mummers. Her final scene with Jaqen was great but doesn't make up for the poor handling of her story. Her actress is great and I have no doubt she would have pulled off the true story greatly, but now we'll never know. That said Jaqen's face change was awesome.

Jon and Qhorin/Sam and the Army:
	Spoiler Decent enough I suppose, though the show does not have the deeper relationship between Jon and Qhorin and frankly I found it a bit dull. Sam and the Army of the Dead was much more entertaining, even if its completely new, hard to believe that they wouldn't just gut him and the White Walkers look nothing like they do in the books.

Daenerys:
	Spoiler Boring and terrible. The entire Qarth storyline was mangled by Pyat Pree and Xaro's coup, the theft of the dragons and the House of the Undying scene was completely ruined and crappy compared to the books. Where the hell was the hallucination of Aerys, of Rhaegar and the Song of Ice and Fire, the visions of the future and past and the three prophecies. Just plain awful and I dearly hope that they get Daenerys back on track for Season 3 which is her best storyline.

Tyrion:
	Spoiler As usual Peter Dinklage is the king of the show and nails everything, I sometimes think his scenes get more attention from the writers and producers than the others do. No complaints, only praise.

Stannis:
	Spoiler Stannis this season was a mixed bag. I do like his actor but he needs to find that core of iron that Stannis has in the books, the man who will break before he bends and he should put a more commanding tone in his voice.

Theon and Winterfell:
	Spoiler WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?! DAGMER CLEFTJAW BURNS WINTERFELL? NO NO NO NO NO! RAMSAY BOLTON BURNS WINTERFELL AND ENSLAVES ITS WOMEN! I do not know what the hell made them think Ramsay Bolton is a superfluous character this season because he isn't! He is critical and because of that the entire Winterfell plot with Theon lacked tension, the true character study of Theon as he listens more and more to "Reek" and the final climactic scene when Ramsay burns Winterfell and takes him hostage was epic in the books and now we don't get to see it, yet another awesome scene taken away.

Robb and Talisa:
	Spoiler I do not like the Talisa changes. I do not think that Jeyne Westerling and Tywin Lannister's plot with her mother to ruin Robb is too complex for audiences, I think that it is patronizing to think that we cannot understand the Lannister's prime general setting up a meeting between a young enemy king and a beautiful woman, which can only end in one way really.

On the whole a very mixed finale to a mixed season. I really hope they get on the ball, the ASOIAF ball, for Season 3 and do not change anything further. Too many changes are already in play and I like none of them.
LotN
406	DirePenguin	2012-06-04	I found it a bit odd that Dany would turn the key the same way for both locking and unlocking. Anything mentioned about that in the book?
407	Puck the Goat	2012-06-04	The Others were great. I think we're going to see some similarities between the Others and the Children.
Goes back to my theory they are of the same race, but the Others diverted somehow.
408	Valdred Dethstorm	2012-06-04	There WAS a White Walker in the first season premiere.
Same design: http://images.wikia....hite_Walker.jpg
It didn't have a nose, though. The nose ruined it for me. Looks like a malnourished caveman...or even Sentinel Prime.
Man, did this episode suck as hell. The storylines of Daenerys and Jon are absolute trainwrecks, really shitty.
I was happy with most changes thus far, until yesterday's episode. Oh well...
409	KnightsOfDany	2012-06-04	So, by the Seven that was amazing,
Dany i think forged her new identity hear, no longer a pushover whiny baby but the, Strong (and Volatile) Leader much like her more respectable Kin. Although the HoU trippy scenes where not the same i liked the effect they held. and Hot damn locking Double X, D in the vault for betraying her, very Targaryan.
On a side note when they woke XXD up and they are all standing there, reminded me of the end of the Avengers, when Loki wants that Drink, if you know what i mean.
As i expected they would bleed book 3 into this season, the Kingslanding, Robb, Brienne/Jamie stuff was meh but maybe that's because i knew what would come ahead.
I did like the Jon stuff but in truth i know the inner battle he faced in that situation. The non book audience probably thinks hes a turn-cloak, but we all know the whole while hes with Mance he is plotting a stab and run.
As for the ending i though it was chilling pan out, as for the comments why The Other passed on Sam, let us not forget the pilot when the Walker let the one Nights Watch guy go alive. Maybe its a running theme with them to let one live to spread the fear who knows.
Worst part about this finale...... we have to wait to season 3.
410	Talleyrand	2012-06-04	white walkers and whights are NOT the same thing. White Walkers are a race, who has the power to reanimate corpses, using them like puppets, in a way. Those corpses are just zombified people, called wights, and it's wights we saw on the pilot, not white walkers.I thought anyone in this topic would've read the books.The thing in the pilot that killed the Gared and Royce was an Other/White Walker. It had an ice sword and spoke the same as they do in the novel.
411	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-06-04	Let me start off by being contrary:  I loved this episode.  Further, I loved this season.  (finished my 3rd read of the series before the season started, fwiw).  I think it was a solid season, and worked well by-and-large.  Some changes I wasn't wild about, others I thought were nice ways to cut through some of the density of the story.  I know!  The density is part of what makes the story so good.  It's true, but dense doesn't work so well visually.  How many people sat through all 8 (or however many) hours of Gods & Generals?  I watched a bit, well done it seemed.  But dense.
For instance, I know there are issues taken with Arya's story line.  This was a set of changes I think worked.  To be honest, the first time I read Clash, the change in ownership of Harrenhal confused the hell out of me.  It would have been worse on screen.  More, without Roose or any of the other activity in the Riverlands, and no Bloody Mummers, key elements to that plot are missing.  We couldn't get the Mummers, or the Tullys and the Riverlands stuff probably because 1) they already had to introduce Stannis et al, the Tyrells, Greyjoys, etc., and 2) they spent all the money on Blackwater.  Thus, I think the changes made to Arya's storyline were a good way to getting people where they need to be, in a fashion consistent with the tone of the story, with some good bits to keep it entertaining along the way (Why didn't she name Tywin!?  Because she's a kid, and kids make poor decisions some times).  The other option would have been some seriously compromised version of the book's change of ownership/weasel soup plot.
Dany's plot worked less well, in my opinion.  I don't really care that the 13 is essentially an amalgam of the various Qartheen factions (actually, I thought that to be a rater clever simplification).  The stolen dragon plot annoyed me a bit, beause of how Dany reacts.  I rather enjoyed the HotU, though.  I thought it worked.  You weren't ever going to get the visions she had in the book.  As others have said, they are very literal moments of foreshadowing.  Seeing a corpse with a wolf head sitting on a throne would give away the game, re:  Robb Stark.  Likewise, with no Lyanna backstory and really no established basis for the various prophecies, the blue flower and Rhaegar/Elia scenes wouldn't make much sense.  They wouldn't be giving the viewer any important information, they would be creating questions.  Look for the prophecy to be delivered another way- by Quaithe most likely, imo.
I actually can't help but chuckle at many of the complaints about this season/episode.  No offense meant towards those voicing the opinions, and to be fair there are a number of legitimate criticisms of the show.  I liked the Other.  I thought he looked like he was made of ice.  The army of wights was pretty imposing, also (particularly when the camera does the final pull-back).  To those complaining it was "like the walking dead" - how else did you think an army of clumsy, brainless, reanimated corpses was going to come across?
412	legba11	2012-06-04	Ugh, the forums ate my initial reactions:
8/10 Great episode with a few flaws.
Kings Landing: The throne room and Tyrion scenes were excellent, minus the horse crap "HBO Moment", do we really need cheap tricks?  The Ros/Varys (not a ros hater here) scene was really unnecessary in an episode where almost everything was rushed.  
Robb/Catelyn was both unnecessary AND rushed (hard to do).  Either have the scene or don't have it, it makes you wonder why we needed 73 meaningless stories about Robb and Not-Jeyne's childhoods and couldn't find time for this scene to be done properly. I did enjoy the fake out marriage, I can't imagine the Purist heads exploding when people thought it was Tyrion and Shae.
Arya:  Very nice finale for Jaquen.  I don't understand leaving out her cold-blooded murder, as I see that as her point of no return.
Winterfell: Perfect in every way.  I love the mysterious destruction of Winterfell.  I had hopes that Luwin would survive, as watching he and Osha argue over Bran's path would make the upcoming seasons of his pointless stories more fun to watch.  (yes I know that isn't a popular opinion, but I find Bran to be a pointless character after book 2, I am hoping Martin makes me care about his chapters again, this isn't to say that they are all bad, his conflict with Jon and Team Wildling was excellent)
Stannis: A nice conclusion, but I felt cheated not getting a quick glimpse into the fire.  Is Davos really dead?  I would have thought they would have mentioned him in some way if they were making it a cliffhanger.
Jon:  What they had was excellent, but this scene needed twice the time to play out.  I'm sure glad we had Ros grabbing Vary's crotch and a horse taking a shit instead of more time here.  I like that they didn't beat you over the head with Quorin's ploy.  Is there some character missing here?  Someone furry?  I can't remember...
Jon's Merry Men: I loved this conclusion.  In a season where the "twist" is the only important character to die was Renly mid-season (what were the Vegas odds on EVERYONE surviving Blackwater? except maybe Davos, who is second tier in the show).
413	hal9000	2012-06-04	So... just Dany and Ser Jorah now. God help us all next season
414	Valdred Dethstorm	2012-06-04	Ghost was truly a ghost this season.
An award for worst direwolf of the year should be given to him.
415	Puck the Goat	2012-06-04	So... just Dany and Ser Jorah now. God help us all next seasonWe'll get their helpers... they have not even made it to the docks yet for the assassination attempt.
416	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	Ok... *takes a deep breathe*Bad:- This episode clearly suffered for having to cramp too much stuff in- My biggest complaint of all: Ramsay didn't totally betray everyone? The Ironborn burned down Winterfell? Yeah apparently they did, 'cos Luwin didn't say anything about Northerners being guilty. The Northerners are absent for no reason? God damnit that was horrible. One of the best, most desperate and dramatic scenes in the book, totally ruined.- What happened at Winterfell is PIVOTAL to what happens in the North later 'cos when it is revealed it will bring Ramsay down. Manderly will have no one to tell him of it save the Ironborn who he can't get his hands on, there's tons of Ironborn survivors... Seriously, now what? How is Manderly going to know Bran and Rickon are alive and spare Davos and send Davos on his task? Is he going to capture all the Ironborn? If the Ironborn got away on time and didn't burn Winterfell, how will they be able to tell what happened. See, this is what happens is you don't do things properly, you're just creating a domino effect.- Luwin's death scene started out perfectly, but ended horribly. It was an emotional build-up, but then it just didn't deliver. Maybe it's the acting, maybe it's the writing, I'm not too sure.- They'll have a hard time bringing Dagmer back in some role in which he aids Asha and Theon later, which I think he eventually will.- The scene with Ros and Varys was completely pointless. Guess they needed at least someone to show her boobs if only briefly.- The writer(s) fucking with us. Shae asking Tyrion to go with her and Jaqen asking Arya to go with him serves no purpose but to make us readers creep to the edge of our seat and go "oh no you won't!"- Shae gets more irritating with every passing episode.- I very much grant Jason Momoa his scene and wish all the best for him. His scene was however, quite pointless, and seemed to be written to serve little more purpose than making some fangirls go *squee*- They're kiling off all of Daeny's handmaidens, presumably to cut costs? All the hottest chicks disappear from the show... noooo!- The King of Qarth, the richest man in the greatest city to have ever been and that will ever be. Has. No. Guards. You can just barge in there and kill him if you want to. That makes no sense.- Pyat Pree was beaten far too easily. He was the only warlock apparently, and they didn't even have to burn the HOTU to escape him... LAME. Apparently he has a ton of guys ready to cut the Thirteen's throats, destroy a little Khalasar without casualties and steal dragons, and can survive being run through with a sword, but three small dragons are too much for him and he gets mysteriously killed without any of his weird helpers even remotely near him.- No cool visions... none at all *sobs*- The members of Daeny's Khalasar mysteriously revived. Okay then... huzzah!- Jon's scene with Qorin is TFU. 'Oh, you're the man who killed the Halfhand!' Well, that's not going to win you much respect if the Wildlings had already captured him and could have just slit his throat at any time innit? On top of that no one's going to understand why Qorin did what he did. They tried to make it clear, and failed. Not going to punch the non-readers if they didn't get this, on the contrary.- In the first episode the wights are running like hell, here they are a bunch of stumbling corpses. I don't mind either portrayal, but it has to be consistent, and it's not.- Stannis. Stannis. Stannis. Stannis. When I'm not putting exclamation points behind his name, you know something's wrong. I have nothing against Dillane, but what's with that dialogue? You will betray everyone, everyone! Yeah you'll betray everyone! No he won't! What the hell are they setting him up for?- The Other looks like a Uruk-hai who has spent too much time in the freezer and had no armour. Others are elegant humanoids with cool-looking armour and swords. They have an 'alien' feel to them instead of a 'hideous monster' feel and while I wouldn't call them beautiful they are not as hideous as this thing either. The other completely lacked the 'magical' look Others have. Sorry but the Other looked like a crappy creature from a B horror movie and this is terrible because now this has been established as 'The Look' for the Other there'll be no turning back. No matter how scary he was I feel the strong urge to pull him out of the screen and beat him up, even though it would probably kill me. - It made no sense that the Other would ignore and thus spare Sam.Slightly redeeming:(- Ros has lost some weight again during her time off-screen. Yum!- Tywin's horse crapping.- They kept the bald dude as an interesting extra for future Ironborn scenes. Kinda like that guy. He's everything I pictured the Ironborn to be.- Theon being beat down was funny.- If anything, the Other did look sufficiently scary, even though everything else about him sucked)Good:- The Tyrells are shown to be opportunistic bastards and Margaery as pretty much a whore. I like.- Tyrion waking up with the smug Pycelle was good. Thank you Peter Dinklage for delivering some quality.- Arya / Jaqen scene was overall good, in fact I loved that scene. I think they gave people who had been salivating all over him a bit of a scare when the face changed. It sure scared me!- Petyr's talk with Sansa was good. Makes people again wonder, what's his game, how is he going about things, hey wasn't this guy evil, isn't he going to f- Sansa over...? Just gives a lot to look forward to in general.- House of the Undying: it looked nice, and that's all I have to say about it.- Brienne being badass. I kinda felt myself sitting with my legs crossed when she killed that final guy even though I shouldn't have anything to fear (I'm not a rapist or a murderer) but it was still awesome. Show-Brienne is just waaay more confident and badass and this bodes well for future seasons.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 04 June 2012 - 10:38 AM.
417	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-06-04	I thought it was a great episode. I was kinda dissapointed that we didn't get more visions in the HOTU, but I liked what we did get.
I don't get why the Other walked right past Sam though. that didn't make sense.
418	Fez	2012-06-04	Really not sure how I feel about this episode.  There were parts that I really liked (Arya, all the Kings Landing stuff, Theon's scenes, Brienne and Jamie, Dany post-HotU) but at the same time I had some serious problems as well.
First was the absolute lack of explanation for too much stuff. Jon and Halfhand's fight wasn't properly set up and there was absolutely no explanation for the burning of Winterfell. Sure we know Ramsay did it, but in terms of show-only its just confusing.  And then there's Robb's marriage. I don't think it was properly set up either and considering the aging up from the books I don't think the suddenness makes much sense; at least not without better explanation. Also, why was it in front of the seven?
Second was the HotU. I've always said I'm fine with changes, and I'd be fine with changes here, I just don't much care for the changes they made. It was cool seeing Drogo again (and completely surprised me, so that was neat), but I wanted more stuff. Just seeing a ruined throne room and then the wall before happy family time wasn't interesting enough and moved too slowly. Again, I don't need Dany to see all the David Lynch-ian visions from the book, but I wanted something a bit more substantive.
Third was the White Walkers/Others. The wights look great, like the cast of the Walking Dead invaded the set, but the WW/Others themselves just look goofy (although their swords and undead horses do look good). Considering how great the rest of the CGI has been (seriously those Dragons are amazing), I'm rather disappointed; particularly since this was the final image of the season.
Now all that being said, there was certainly plenty to enjoy about the episode as well. And I really liked how much it jumped around this week and how overwhelming it sort of was. It acted as reminder to people: yes, we really do have this much plot going on right now; dare you to keep up. That was fun.
Also the face changing and Tywin's horse shitting were really well done. ETA: oh and this week further confirmed that I'm an even bigger fan of show Stannis than book Stannis. Stephen Dillane is so great, I can't wait until his end-of-ASOS and onward plot begins.
					
					
							Edited by Fez, 04 June 2012 - 10:12 AM.
419	BrojenReed	2012-06-04	To those complaining it was "like the walking dead" - how else did you think an army of clumsy, brainless, reanimated corpses was going to come across?Haha, truth.  One thing I've noticed is that a lot of non-book readers thought the undead army was marching on the Wall-- I can see how that would be confusing, but as we all know it was indeed the FotFM they were marching on.  I just think that's going to throw some of the TV-only fans off in the beginning of season 3.I guess most of us book readers share the feeling that the HotU was disappointing, mostly because of the lack of prophecies (and I really wanted to see Rhaegar and Elia)-- but season 2 made it obvious that changes had to be made in order to adapt the story for television, so I get it.  I'm certain they'll work in the prophecies early next season somehow, just as I'm certain they're going to run with the Reek storyline and just didn't feel it was necessary to introduce him yet.Overall, was very pleased with the finale.  Luwin and Drogo scenes almost brought me to tears- powerful stuff. Just finished ADWD about a month ago, so now I have no idea what I'm going to do with myself.
420	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	To those having issues over Robb marrying Susie SexyNurse in the light of the Seven:You need to remember that they're marrying somewhere near a war camp in the South.  Northern marriage vows are said before a weirwood, of which there are none in the South.I'm guessing this is going to be a plot point and the girl really is Jeyne. They'll use it as more motivation for the Northern lords to betray Robb. He went back on his oath, married a Lannister and did it in light of the seven.
421	Winter's Knight	2012-06-04	I loved this episode.
Concerning the HotU-anyone notice the two visions illustrate that to go forward, she must go back?
422	BrojenReed	2012-06-04	Oh and also, how weird was Jaqen's new face?
423	Topher	2012-06-04	I don't understand the white walker anger/confusion.  They looked just like the one from the first episode.  That was night time and he was wearing a black cloak.  Underneath the cloak it was the same type of creature.
There were only two white walkers, the one that looked at Sam and as they zoom out there is another on horseback in sweet battle armor that raises his sword and screams.  All the rest were wights.  Zombies aka NOT the terrifying creatures everyone talks about... Just zombies.
I will say, however, that I always thought they would be more elegant and super skinny/tall with more of a ghost feel to them, but they've decided to go with more of a monster vibe and I'm okay with that.  The eyes were freaking perfect though.
424	Tytus	2012-06-04	Ugh, the forums ate my initial reactions:8/10 Great episode with a few flaws.Kings Landing: The throne room and Tyrion scenes were excellent, minus the horse crap "HBO Moment", do we really need cheap tricks?  The Ros/Varys (not a ros hater here) scene was really unnecessary in an episode where almost everything was rushed.  It wasn't an "HBO Moment," that detail came straight from the book.
425	Qwop22	2012-06-04	A lot of people here seem to be confusing wights and the White Walkers.  The guy on the dead horse was a White Walker, the rest were wights - reanimated dead people.  They were dark and in black in the Prologue to Season 1 because they were mostly reanimated dead members of the Night Watch, whereas in the last scene of Season 2, they are in white because they are mainly reanimated Wildlings.Why were the wights in season 1 running around inhumanly fast, and these wights just look like something from Shaun of the Dead? I'm pretty sure the guy who cackles and cuts off the dudes head in the pilot was an Other/White Walker. The little girl and the other dead wildings in the camp came back as wights because of the Other. So the question is, why did the wear black armor, look awesome, and cackle before, and now they look like a cheesy B horror film monster who roars like a Naz Ghul from LOTR?
					
					
							Edited by Qwop22, 04 June 2012 - 10:31 AM.
426	Sam with Hooters	2012-06-04	Big Noyd wrote:[/bold][/und]Robb gets married in the light of the seven? Why? If I'm not mistaken he worships the Old Gods like his father did.Either the writers totally dropped the ball here, or maybe Robb is secretly plotting to set the marriage aside (though he doesn't seem the type).  Or maybe in the case of mixed-religion marriages, the bride's faith takes priority?And summer_stark wrote:agree that it makes no sense not to kill sam immediately and there's no way sam is getting out of there w/o some absurdly contrived storyline. what? he kills the horsed white walker and the wights are just like ok nevermind we're out.Well, if I were in charge of the show's plot, the wights would collapse (turn dead again) as soon as Sam kills the White Walker(s), proving the wights are definitely under outside control (let's face it, zombies aren't very bright).Edit: Tried to turn bold & underline off.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Sam with Hooters, 04 June 2012 - 10:26 AM.
427	Khal Diablo	2012-06-04	I thought the episode was great.  I wish there was more visions in HoTU but I understand why they limited it with budget and confusion aspect for those who haven't read the books.  LOVED the scene with the empty vault (Varys right yet again) "Power resides where men believe it resides. No more and no less.â<U+0080><U+009D> 
Jon and the Halfhands scene was sloppy and not put together real well. 
Sansa character is getting more and more enjoyable to watch every week.  I thought the sincerity in Joffreys and Margareys profession of love was truly touching. 
The White Walkers scene I very much enjoyed.  In the book they always alluded to how big a threat they are to Westeros but you never really see them form up or get an idea of there numbers.  I thought that scene succeeded and showing how big a threat they can be to the Seven Kingdoms.
Robb and Talisa scene is pointless they could have had him marry a ham sandwich...the act of getting married is all that was needed didn't matter who it was too (wasn't a Frey thats what matters).  
RICKON HAS A LINE...this was the most amazing thing in two seasons of this show.  
I loved the episode and it succeeded in working to get the story to the other major events in SoS (a couple weddings and new lord commander).
428	White Raven	2012-06-04	About the Robb/Talisa wedding:
In the books I got the impression the Stark kids were raised with both religions. So what's the problem with marrying in the light of the Seven when a septon is more likely available in the South than a godswood?
					
					
							Edited by White Raven, 04 June 2012 - 10:33 AM.
429	johnnysd	2012-06-04	So Robb swears by the Seven. I have to ask. Does it cost to much to make a scene where a northerner swears by the Old Gods and not by The Seven?I will have to rewatch but I thought they got married by a heart tree so maybe they were honoring both religions
430	Frey Pie	2012-06-04	See there are just some things that dont make sense. When Bran and Rickon are leaving we know the ironborn are gone. How did they get out of a siege first? If it wasnt Ramsey outside but normal loyal Northerners why wouldnt they have entered once the castle was empty? Why would they leave fires lighting? Its the strongest castle in the North and the capital. Why would they abandon it? In the books Ramsey razes it and leaves with his prisoners. Makes sense. The alternative show version doesnt make sense.
Most people are waiting for the confirmation that R+L=J but would watchers even care? They dont even know who L and R most likely but this is going to be an important moment in the next book or the one after. They had to set this up
I havnt really minded the changes until now other then the lack of Tullys and any Tully man. But THOU was pretty bad. Its already been said everywhere so i have nothing to add
Thought the Others were epic. The white walkers are supposed to be slow like zombies while the Others are elegant so no problems with this at all. Sam was stupid unless hes going to stab the other with dragonglass and the rest flee after seeing their leader fall. There was no reason Sam couldnt get away or be at the fist
Did Qhorin give Jon any instructions? Why couldnt he have leaned in when he was dieing and said something like remember who you are,do your duty? Pointless
Biggest WTF moment? Robs wedding. Wrong Gods. How does nobody go hold up this is wrong during filming?
Great to see the dragons and Summer and Shaggy. Theon speech was great. Got me pumped up a lil. Wheres he gone now? Overall i enjoyed roughly half of it id say
431	Umel of Ys	2012-06-04	Is Sam so pathetic that the White Walker doesn't want him in his army of Wights? Ouch...
432	legba11	2012-06-04	It wasn't an "HBO Moment," that detail came straight from the book.Well aware, without the proper context is was just a closeup of a horse taking a dump.  In the books it was a statement about Tywin.  These are what I call HBO Moments.  Look at us!  AMC may have matched our compelling, intelligent drama, but they don't show you kings getting hummer with slurpy sounds.  They don't show you horses crapping and getting beheaded!  Watch us instead!  The show is better than that. (or not good enough to get the context set first).I forgot in my initial reactions rewrite:Jaime/Brienne: Scene was fine, but served no purpose here.  This is time that should have been given to Catelyn, Quorin or a vision of Rhaegar and Robert fighting.Dany: I really enjoyed these scenes.  I have no idea why they chained her up. Why not just lock her in the room where she can visit these dreams?  It just seemed forced to get the dramatic image of the dragons breathing past her.  Minro complaint though, great scenes otherwise.To add my voice, we have clearly seen the White Walkers (poorly) twice before.  I found their appearance pretty awesome and fine with what we've seen before.
433	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	What a complicated episode! For one thing, I absolutely loved the scenes featuring Jaime and Brienne, Stannis and Melisandre, Jon and Quorin and the wildlings, Theon, Arya and Jaqen, and the beginning of an attack at the Fist of the First Men. Seriously, the Other was fantastic! And the way it looked at Sam and just decided he wasn't enough of a threat shows a bit more of their intelligence, which is good. And I loved the zombified wights!
And, yay! It seems Ros will finally have a purpose next season. Thank you, Varys.
The only thing that truly bothered me was the House of the Undying. That's basically the best Daenerys chapter ever (maybe one of the three good Daenerys chapters, really), and in the show it was just... I mean, I loved the glimpse of King's Landing during Winter, and having Jason Momoa back for another scene was absolutely great, and I get that they wouldn't be able to show all that she sees in the books anyway, but still... I wish they had focused on something else instead of Drogo, something from the past perhaps. And why how the Wall? (I'd be okay with that if they had included the blue flower growing in it).
But, oh, Robb was such a deluded jerk that I can't express how happy I'll be by the end of season 3. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
434	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	Robb and Talisa scene is pointless they could have had him marry a ham sandwich...LOL! Just lol. This made my day x')
435	Grendel Khan	2012-06-04	I disliked that we got that nobody Ros but no Rhaegar. I wouldn't have minded Harry in a better, longer wig..Ros is really starting to bug me. I've been trying not to be to close minded about her role on the show, but there was so much that needed to be covered with this ep, we really didnt need another 5 minutes of a minor character. Her only real role int he show seems to be the character develpment of more important people, and we have plenty of Varys already. They really could have gone more in depth with the important story lines (John and QH were sceaming for more exposition, HoTU too) and left Ros out. The writers are far too infatuated with their own creation, they really need to scale her role back, especially with all the characters being introduced in S3.
436	brian_177	2012-06-04	There seems to be a lot of confusion about White Walkers versus Others versus wights.
I'll clarify some things for people who are confused.
a. White Walkers = Others. The showmakers thought it would be too confusing to have a race of creatures we barely ever see called "Others" in a show when there are so many potential "others," so they've been perpetually redubbed as White Walkers.
b. The things running in the forest in the pilot episode are White Walkers, not wights. The little girl, she's a wight. The thing that kills Waymar Royce and Gared, speaking a language that sounds like cracking ice... that's a White Walker.
c. The slow moving fellow who tries to kill Mormont, that's a wight.
d. The gentleman who adopts Craster's son, that's a White Walker.
e. The creature(s) on horseback at the end of "Valar Morghulis" are White Walkers.. it seems they may have done a bit of a redesign, or it might just be that that is what they look like in clear light, without clothes on. The camera pans out and we see a second White Walker waving his sword and screaming. There are a few other White Walkers on horseback placed randomly in the background in the wide shot of the wight army.
f. The slow moving 'zombies' at the end of "Valar Morghulis" are wights.
I can't believe any book readers are confused by the above... it's very obvious.
437	butterbumps4life	2012-06-04	Robb and Talisa scene is pointless they could have had him marry a ham sandwich...What a bunch of baloney!
438	Freyd Chicken	2012-06-04	Hi, this is my first time post here. I've been a long time follower of this forum and really like what the community has accomplished with it so far.
So first of all thanks and thumbs up to everyone involved in westeros.org /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
As a book reader I would have liked to see some things a bit different as it was in the show (HotU for example) as a TV show though it does just fine (of course the books are way better but I am biased, so it might not be truely objective)
What really confused me in this episode and made me think was the whole "...you will betray the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear..." about Stannis.
Now this might be spoilery or at least crackpot also for book readers (sry I don't know how to insert spoiler tags):
Does betraying everybody and everything hint to Stannis leading the White Walkers somehow, what we even haven't had in the books (yet)?
I am really curious what you folks might think about that...
(And sorry for my English. it is not my native tongue, so feel free to go Stannis and correct my grammer /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
439	Maester Hodor	2012-06-04	I loved the fist of the first men scene with Sam trying to hide from the Whites, then you get a crazy close up of the Other on a dead horse. That Other was fucked up looking, I loved it!
440	Puck the Goat	2012-06-04	d. The gentleman who adopts Craster's son, that's a White Walker.ROFL! And yes, the fine chappie who adopts Craster's bouncing baby boy... LOL
441	Robin Of House Hill	2012-06-04	I'll take this rare moment of the forum actually working to get this in.
Over all, I liked the episode...with some notable exceptions.  The HoTU scene was pretty meaningless.  While some of the imagery was good, the why of it is never presented.  It did, however give a rare moment to show that Dany has a vestigial brain that sometimes functions.
The scene of Robb getting married had to be included, other wise he has no excuse for not marrying Walder Frey's daughter.  Whether it was the old gods or new, is not particularly relevant to the story line.
The Tyrion scenes, while at odds with the book, show the start of his fall from power.
Sansa, is as dumb as a stump, as usual, though I must admit here reaction to being set aside by Joffery, was fun to watch.
The scene with Jaqen H'gar, though out of sequence, was done well and was necessary for the continuation of the story.  While I would have liked to actually see his face change, I can understand it wasn't in the budget.
Mance Rayder's encampment didn't look quite large enough to contain the numbers it was supposed to have.
The Jon/Halfhand fight had to happen, but made no sense in the context in which it was presented.
The Others were fine.  I just don't get the Sam-hiding-in-plain-site made any sense.
442	Sunweaver	2012-06-04	This episode was..well I guess it wasn't terrible, what with the Brienne+Jaime, Theon+Luwin, Arya+Jaqen and Kings Landing scenes in general (except Roz+Varis). But seriously, they made a lot of pointless changes.
While the Drogo Scene was pretty touching it is irritating to have all these other visions (that we all were really looking forward to) replaced with mostly meaningless fluff.
I didn't care about the wedding, mostly because I have already given up on Robbs storyline.
Jon fighting Qhorin was way to contrived. If they hadn't completely changed the entire storycontext just to give Ygritte developement she would have had in the third book anyway, this wouldn't have seemed so silly to me.
But the worst part for me was how they just left out Ramseys/the Boltons betrayal. I mean, that was a really important moment. It informed us of the Boltons inherent treachery and gave us an idea of Ramsays cruelty.
I realize that you can't get everything into a 50 Minutes episode, but seriously if they had just cut out Roz and fill in Ramseys betrayal I would have been much happier with this episode.
By the way, where is the Others hatred for everything living? Apparently Sam isn't worth their attention..
443	byironnotbygold	2012-06-04	King Joffrey:  I will "love" her today until the day I die.
Me:   Oh, if you only knew, brothah.
Oh, and JUST as I opened my mouth to each a pile of yogurt n strawberries, a pile of horse poo fell in front of my face, in HD!
					
					
							Edited by byironnotbygold, 04 June 2012 - 11:22 AM.
444	Jessie Clark	2012-06-04	What is it that Danny almost puts her hands on in the HotU Iron Throne scene?  They look like leg-bones to me, but they're not shown very clearly.  What I've heard suggested is sword hilts, but aren't they kinda big for that?
445	jons nissa	2012-06-04	2. Sure, they recast Xaro Xohan Daxos as a "bad guy" but come on! Even a "bad guy" won't build the most indestructible safe in the world to protect... absolutely nothing!they would if they wanted everyone to think they were the big fish in the pond. xaro tells enough of his story for us to understand he was dirt poor and came from nothing but he was successful (a bit) and was able to bluff his way in to qarth society. i think the important part of this is when dany says "thank you for teaching me this lesson." playas gonna play and try to get away with as much as possible. don't believe everything you see or hear. after all, dany's whole arc in essos is learning how to be a good queen so this fits in really well with her story.Hated, hated, hated hated hated hated the way the Other looked. I almost laughed when it popped up on screen, it looked like some sort of goofy snow ape that belongs in Avatar 2 or something..i actually hated how the wights looked. i know they're supposed to be the dead come back (and maybe it's because i really HATE that whole plot of asoiaf) but the wights looked super cheesy to me. too much like a b movie zombie. the horse was kinda cool. sort of. if i squint a little. and don't put on my glasses.the white walker was interesting, imho. i got the impression it looked sort of liked a mummy and made me wonder if the white walkers aren't really the first men who never died. just sleeping through summer and getting older waiting for magic to come back to westeros.
446	nearthewoods	2012-06-04	I suspect there will be some variation of Sam with the dragonglass in the S3 opener, to pick up where he was left off...though I didn't quite get why he was overlooked. However, the undead horse was brilliantly rendered. White Walker was kinda cool, however I wish they'd given it a different-sounding screech. I actually found the rendition of the zombie-esque wights fitting from what I've taken from the books.Overall, I like this ep. As good as Blackwater? No, but I think it was still a solid ending to a season that has been pretty decent. If you endeavour to see it from the perspective of a TV viewer who has never read the books, it was really well done...and there were enough nuggets thrown to the readers to appease the less nitpicky. As much as we all-knowing readers may gripe, this is still straight-up good telly. Book-to-film/tv adaptations are never 100% true to form, and the writers will inevitably take license with stuff in order to make things run more smoothly in the new medium. It is what it is. We have GRRM's series as our true canon...and I for one enjoy Game of Thrones for what it is: excellent casting, impeccable effects, beautiful detailed set design, stirring music, et cetera, and a chance to see characters in the flesh, even if not exactly true to book form. Imperfect as it is, I'll take it and accept it for good story-telling (even with all the gratuitous bare-chestedness) within the severe limitations of TV format, and not a line-for-line regurgitation of Martin's work. I retain some faith that the writers have reasons for messing with what they do. My advice to those who are enraged by the artistic license which has been taken is simply to try and separate one from the other.Explaining the various prophecies and faces as they appeared in the book version HotU would have taken too much time away from the other stuff they needed to cover in the episode, and would have ultimately confused the hell out of most of the audience. I was thinking/hoping most of this ep would have been mostly devoted to the Undying, such as Blackwater was mostly devoted to...well, Blackwater...but eh...the writers decided not to, for good reason in retrospect, and as such they still managed to create a suitably creepy atmosphere in the cramped time allowed. Sure, some other scenes could have been cut to allow for more exposition, but whatever.I actually liked the Drogo scene, particularly because as much as Dany obviously wanted to linger with her dead family, she was drawn back -- somewhat conflictingly -- to reality by the cries of her other children, and the destiny she had chosen for herself. I thought this was a nice subtle touch for many reasons.It's going to be a long, long wait until S3. I'm just glad I found the books a relatively short time ago so I could read all 5 without years in between them. From what I've garnered, I'll likely have my Doctorate by the time we get #6. -sigh-So, maybe not that long of a wait in comparison...but I suspect it will be a great season, especially since splitting it into 20 episodes will allow more time for the inclusion of back-story and whathaveyou. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by nearthewoods, 04 June 2012 - 11:44 AM.
447	Alboin	2012-06-04	Anyone else saw something from an actor who played Uncle Benjen in that mounted screaming WW with ice sword? Could it be Benjen Stark in his new fine look?
And Esme Bianco boobs are so much more important then Rhaegar and prophecies on which whole ASOIAF saga based... No, really...
					
					
							Edited by Alboin, 04 June 2012 - 11:32 AM.
448	Sandra Melis	2012-06-04	Winterfell: in a previous episode Robb told Roose Bolton to spare the life to the Ironborns, except Theon. So, probably Dagmar & friends received a message from Dreadfort besiegers: give us a defenceless Theon Greyjoy, and we will allow you to come back home safely (and flayed, probably).After Theon was delivered and the Iroborn left Winterfell, Ramney's men just set Winterfell on fire!White Walkers: are they supposed to be all similar to the one that killed Waymar Royce in episode 1 of season 1?Who knows, maybe there are white, of course, and black and yellow walkers too! Or maybe the white walker in s01e01 was black because of the dark in the wood!I can imagine the White Walkers' forum of Ice and Fire, when in their adaptation of the novel they meet Salladhor Saan or Xaro Xhoan Daxos and are terribly upset and confused because Hey! These humans are not white! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
449	sagaz	2012-06-04	I can't help but assume that Robb being married in the light of the Seven is a major plot point in the tv show. I'm not sure why but it had to be done for a reason, right? That's really my only nitpick. I liked this episode.I noticed a lot of people freaking out about Robb married under the seven. (I've read 5 pages, will read the rest later) I think he doesn't take after the old gods, really.Cat and Ned were married the same way. Ned come to Cat after the rebellion with his "bastard" and Cat already had a baby. I don't remember Robb religious tendencies explained in the books... is stated that Sansa prays to the seven and Bran and Arya "to the old gods and the new", but Robb is never referred (if someone has a quote or something, please share it. I don't have the books with me. Will look up when I can)The "king in the north" thing happens suddenly to Robb and wasn't his idea but of the other northern families, and nobody would think that the firstborn of the Lord of Winterfell wouldn't have the faith of the old gods... for me, as a believer of the R+L=J theory this add up and have been discussed that Jon have more pedigree to be "the king in the north" -that Ned's sons with Cat-, if his parents were married the wildling way (the abduction points to that).I think next season will be going deep in the faith of old gods.
					
					
							Edited by sagaz, 04 June 2012 - 11:43 AM.
450	Sandra Melis	2012-06-04	Sorry, douple post!
					
					
							Edited by Stannislav, 04 June 2012 - 11:42 AM.
451	Caro99	2012-06-04	A really good episode to wrap up the season with! Even if it had some wired little details, in the end I liked it a lot!*The HotU may not have been as epic as in the books, but the visions they showed us were really cool. I love the one in the throne room best I think, and the dragons were so cute <3 I liked the KLâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes and the winterfell scenes the best. Such good acting in both (I was crying when luwin died and with that last shot of winterfell burning to the ground) and sansa rocked here! Sophie turner can really act! And then she smiled, and LF had to come and ruin it all, while being creepy and stealing dontos and the houndâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lines again! But aiden gillenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s performance was as good as in the 1st season, I think in this episode.*Tyrion/shae, arya/jaqen, danny/jorah, pyecelle/tyrion, brienne/Jaime, I loved them all! And even if I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like talisa/robb, I liked the secret wedding scene even if robb married under the 7 i guess cause it reminded me of the one from braveheart. to me it looked like the secret arturian weddings or something.*The only things that bothered me are just how different theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve changed the relationship between cat and robb. & also 2 small thing swith jon: there was no ghost and I would have liked for him to recite the night watchâ<U+0080><U+0099>s words as he descended the cliff to make it clearer he really isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a turncloak.   Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s so sad itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ended so quickly! L canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for next year already!!!
					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 04 June 2012 - 11:45 AM.
452	DurararaFTW	2012-06-04	Reflections:It really felt like Blackwater took as much of the season budget as it could and the finale didn't have jack**** too work with (especially since they kinda have to have the dragons, the wights and direwolves in this). Pyat Pree's defeat was just sad. Ramsay and his 500 men being conveyed through a hornblower, House of the Undying was just nothing, Jaqens facechange was really cheap.I'm sure Ramsay still totally killed the Ironborn and he was the one that burned down Winterfell, I guess they'll keep the Boltons duplicity on the downlown unrtil the Red Wedding, then Season 4 gives us Theon and Ramsay.I was unhappy about Pycelle's wispy beard , he actually looked stronger without it, but they're gong for a role reversal with Tyrion here, I think he's decded to drop his hunched over facade a little too. It's a departure from the books but I guess it can be more interesting.Dany's triumphant return to form from her immature behaviour all season was nice, and felt inspired by Drogo, which was also good. You got lemons you make lemonade I guess.Ros'll be back next season, craaap.And yeah White Walkers only come out at night. Hence that when they domained it was the Long Night. Robb's decision too marry Talisa has been confirmed to not be about Jeyne's honour, not even impulsive, not motivated by grief, he just doesn't give a crap. Character assination achieved.Is Sansa's response to Peter suppose to be more of a her stock "I love Joffrey" lies or a legitimate turning down of a wiser path like the rest? Cause if so WHYYYY???I also don't know what to make of Shae at this point.I'm gonna miss Jaqen's actor.Luwin's death could have used a little more focus on Bran. Osha's increased importance is muscling him out. I don't like it.
453	Feather Crystal	2012-06-04	My three main complaints:
1) Rob wouldn't get married by repeating the gods of The Seven!
2) The House of the Undying should have had important prophetic visions. At the very least the one of Rhaegar and Elia. (I did like the ruined Red Keep, however)
3) The scene at the Fist of the First Men should have been of many men preparing for battle (like the whole group we saw at Crasters), and later, survivors running from wights. And, white walkers only come at night! My first thought was that they used up too much of their budget on Blackwater and couldn't pay for more than three characters! That being said, at least allow Sam to kill a wight! He's Sam the Slayer!
I can live with the rest of the changes, but the three I listed bothered me the most.
					
					
							Edited by Melisandra, 04 June 2012 - 11:56 AM.
454	Versiroth	2012-06-04	The only thing I didn't like was the burning of Winterfell.   I mean, who burnt it? The Iron born before they surrendered?   It was probably very confusing to most non-readers.   As far as not showing Roose/Ramsey's betrayal, they're probably saving that for the Red Wedding so that it has more impact.  They'll probably have Roose talking Robb into going to the Freys to make amends and they may even have him be the one who plunges the sword into Robbs Heart.
Other wise, I really liked the episode and can't wait until season 3.
455	JayDubya	2012-06-04	Lotsa hate on this episode.  I saw some things that I really enjoyed:The implication of a burned, abandoned Kings Landing if Dany took the throne was intriguing.As often happens, I get distracted by architecture, and didn't notice the skeleton on the ceiling of the Red Keep.  Alas.The implication that Dany will find happiness and home beyond the Wall was also very, very intriguingThe betrayals that Melisandre predicts for Stannis are also very intriguing.  I immediately thought of the possibility (often suggested here) that he's the ultimate _bad_ guy in the seriesAnd his actions at the Red Keep, meant to demonstrate his nobility and courage support this, IMO: the directors make him admirable and awesome, specifically to deceive the viewers into rooting for himRos feeling up Varys seems like it was designed specifically to address some of the conspiracy theories - that Varys is not really a enuch.Random ObservationsI was almost hoping that Robb _wouldn't_ marry not-Jeyne - that simply the fact that he slept with her would piss off Frey enough to commit the RW.There's an ongoing motif now (two times!) where someone betrays Dany and she has them killed in cold blood.  I hope Xaro won't be showing up again in the books.  Awkward!Alfie Allen has to go three years without a screen appearance?  Oi.Luwin's death also seems to address some of the theories around him being the Ghost of Winterfell.Things I didn't likeThe sacking of Winterfell was lame.  Luwin could have spent 15 seconds explaining what happened, but no...The HOTU was not as epic as the original.  But I didn't hate it like a lot of people - it was just underwhelmingThe White Walker staring at Sam was ridiculous, except that it implies a certain level of agency and tactical/strategic smarts.  Which is somewhat interesting.  It would have been better if someone else had been there, seen the WW, and then was killed, to rise up again on the other side.Jon's fight with QH, etc, marks a significant difference in his story - he is not nearly as noble and pure-of-spirit as book Jon, _BUT_ I think the implication of Jon being a bit more dark means his return to the NW will be more interesting.
456	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Robb's decision too marry Talisa has been confirmed to not be about Jeyne's honour, not even impulsive, not motivated by grief, he just doesn't give a crap. Character assination achieved.Is Sansa's response to Peter suppose to be more of a her stock "I love Joffrey" lies or a legitimate turning down of a wiser path like the rest? Cause if so WHYYYY???I actually like this version better with Robb.   In the book, he forsakes a vow because he didn't want to dishonor a lady.   Well, that's kind of a contradiction.  In the show, he's blinded by love.   Which happens in real life to us all.Also, Sansa doesn't know who to trust.  I take most of her responses as being a defense mechanism.   She only seems to be herself with Shae.
457	teemo	2012-06-04	I liked the banter between Jaime and Brienne.  I thought the beginning in the courtroom was pretty true to the books, except I don't know why Loras didn't become KG and why Margaery was dressed like a hooker.  It cracked me up how Theon got whacked in the back of the head during his "moving speech."  As a non-book reader I think I would have loved it.  Too many deviations have made me not.  I wish I could be like others and easily be able to separate them in my mind, but I just can't.
458	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	The implication that Dany will find happiness and home beyond the Wall was also very, very intriguingIf it implied anything, it's that Daeny will die beyond the Wall. That's why he's waiting for her there... Melisandre's speech also pretty much convinced me Stannis is in fact going to become the Night's King. Ugh.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 04 June 2012 - 12:13 PM.
459	hal9000	2012-06-04	I thought it was a good season finale. 
The House of the Undying was just fine, CGI making a good job again with the dragons.
Arya again was one of the best scenes.
Cried with Tyrion.
Don't know if Sansa is naive or just stupid.
And wow! really enjoyed the cast of walking dead poping out the snow.
addendum: Oh, and loved how they kept Doreah alive this much just to turn her into a pointless cunt
460	Istari	2012-06-04	As a whole, I was really underwhelmed by the episode. As for the individual story arcs, I understand why some changes were made. But it still doesn't mean I like them. 
To be more specific:
1.The House of the Undying scene was terrible. Obviously, as a book reader, I was disappointed with the lack of visions. But, I understand that the T.V audience wouldn't make sense of it. Still, I thought the scene was weak overall. They could have adapted it better. I thought her scene with Khal Drogo and her son wasn't necessary. The 'Dracarys' moment was weak too
2. Is it just me or was Jon and QH's scene not obvious enough - and by this I mean that their scene played out as if Jon killed QH as an accident in the midst of his rage. I'm just thinking for the non readers it may not be clear. What do you guys think?
3. I thought the Throne room scene was alright. Cersei and Joffery were well done in that scene, same with Sansa, Littlefinger and Margaery.
4. Theon in Winterfell was good. BUT, I really hope that wasn't Ramsay... it just would not make sense...so let's hope there is an explanation for all of that. My guess is that Dagmar (is that his name?) was corresponding with Ramsay and was instructed take over Theon's men and open the gates of Winterfell for the Bastard's arrival
5. Luwin's death scene was truly sad. 
6. The attack of the wights/Others was how I imagined it would be (but I imagine that the non readers will say that HBO is copying The Walking Dead or something), but I think they failed to capture appearance, fierceness and overall scariness (for lack of a better word) of the Others. 
7. Tyrion and Shae: non readers are going to shit themselves when she betrays him! I can't wait
461	DurararaFTW	2012-06-04	I'm really unhappy about the fact that Bran really doesn't have a reason to avoid Northern villages now. Their isolation is gonna be so contrived.
462	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	2. Is it just me or was Jon and QH's scene not obvious enough - and by this I mean that their scene played out as if Jon killed QH as an accident in the midst of his rage. I'm just thinking for the non readers it may not be clear. What do you guys think?I think they didn't have enough money to bring Ghost to the scene /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />Truthfully, though, I think it's complicated to bring that to the show, because in the book we know what Jon was thinking and feeling, but how can you translate that to the screen? Not to mention that Kit Harrington is far from the best actor in the cast, but I still think they managed to show well enough Jon's confusion and reluctance in all that.I agree with all your other points. Also, I think it was inevitable that this episode would be so underwhelming. If the Blackwater had never happened, we might have liked it, bu as things stand anything that came after that would be a bit frustrating.
463	Balefont	2012-06-04	Loved the episode.  Totally blown away.  So well acted and I was totally surprised by the three-blasts scene.  I even didn't mind the scene with Ros.To all the h8rs due to the clipped HotU scenes - do you not realize how difficult it would be to convey all those visions to the non-book reading viewers and how much of the episode would be needed to do so?  Come on.  The Rheagar scene with the harp would be cool but so out of place for the show.  It would be costly due to casting and would not add anything to the show-story.  Non of the non-book reading viewers know what Rheager looks like nor his true import to the story.It's really too bad you're all so hung up on this shit that you can't even enjoy the show at all.  Please stop watching, you're only causing yourselves pain. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
464	Balefont	2012-06-04	I'm really unhappy about the fact that Bran really doesn't have a reason to avoid Northern villages now.Why not?
465	GeorgeSpelvin	2012-06-04	IMO they should not have even bothered to cast the Reeds next season. I feel like they have bowed too much to fan pressure when they need to focus on tightening existing storylines and adapting for tv better.It is possible that they ended up casting the Reeds so they didn't have to tell the actor who plays Bran to go practice his wolf whispering for a couple years. They have already said that they can't do ASoS in one season and Bran really only has two main scenes in the book: saving Jon from the wildlings near queen Alysanne's castle and taking a walk under the Wall with Sam at the very end. Without the Reeds, Bran might not have been on screen very much for the next couple years.
466	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	The visions confused us as well when we first saw them. That's why they're visions. Gives people stuff to think about. Like, what the hell was that?! This 'the tv audience is too dumb to think and doesn't want to think and should have everything spoon-fed to them' attitude isn't really an argument to me. Even if it were so it doesn't change the fact it won't help the quality of your show if you follow that 'rule'.Why not?Because the whole thing doesn't make any sense. The Northmen were supposed to come and rescue them, they didn't find out this 500 men army were actually their enemies, yet they resolve to flee all the way to the Wall rather than go 'hey, weren't our allies outside here just a minute ago? Why not find them?' That's some terrible terrible plotdamage.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 04 June 2012 - 12:36 PM.
467	Grendel Khan	2012-06-04	Melisandre's speech also pretty much convinced me Stannis is in fact going to become the Night's King. Ugh.Whoa, I hadn't really thought about that happening. Seems like it could be a real possibility though, the no-heat sword, a sorceress hoochie, reclaiming the night fort, I'll have to start looking for more clues as I re-read. Nice catch, this could be intruiging.
468	Gelious	2012-06-04	If I still have not read the books, I would have said it was awesome.
Alas, I finished the last one two weeks ago, so.. by the book's standarts this one is pretty bad.
1) Sacking of Winterfell - done way better in book. Not to mention the  whole plot, which included Ramsay, a Stark's bannerman (I forgot his name) etc. Of course the Teon's speech was cool. And the way it ended, lol. But.. they didn't even show us Ramsay and his men with tourches or something!
2) House of undying - even worse. Those shitty scenes with Drago and a warlock is nothing compared to Deny's visions. Also, where the hell is prophecy about 3 treasons, and 3 fires, and 3 mounts? Nowhere!
3) White Walkers and Others... at least it looked cool, But... no fight on the Fist with Sam writing those letters while everyone else fights for their lives? No undead bear? No Sam going through snow and blizzard or charging at Other with dagger, etc?! Hell it was cool stuff to read, it would be AWESOME to see... But, instead we get another Nazgul, a snow version. Gee, thanks....
4)Arya and Jagen... no soup, no visible trick of face change,  nothing, sucks.
4) Jon Snow's capture and his dealing with Halfhand were better done in the book. Hell,in the show he doesn't even declare himself a traitor BEFORE fighting Halfhand! So the entire act of freeing him after Halfhand's death shows 1 thing - Wilderling are idiots.
5) Robb Stark  sudden marriage in books had at least some sense. Here - not so much.
6) And brother and sister  Reeds apparently don't exist. Also Bran and Rikon going one way is wrong.
My disappointment in writers knows no limits. Sure you cannot make show 100% true to book, but they have gone too far..
					
					
							Edited by Gelious, 04 June 2012 - 12:38 PM.
469	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	I don't know why Loras didn't become KG and why Margaery was dressed like a hooker.I didn't even notice that!  /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />(I guess I was too busy looking at Margaery in her hooker costume...  /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />  )
470	mwizzle83	2012-06-04	I feel yea on the last scene with the Other man. Totally lame. I mean, the white walker on the horse looked cool but he just stared at Sam, and then moved on...stupid. Sam would have been dead right then and there. The wights with the white walkers just looked like something out of The Walking Dead. Also, you are right, the White Walkers only come at night. Mance Rayder says so in ASOS.I don't remember anything about the Others only coming out when it's dark.  What they do mention is that they only seemt to come out when its super cold, but whether the cold brings them or vice versa is not known.
471	mwizzle83	2012-06-04	If I still have not read the books, I would have said it was awesome.Alas, I finished the last one two weeks ago, so.. by the book's standarts this one is pretty bad.1) Sacking of Winterfell - done way better in book. Not to mention the  whole plot, which included Ramsay, a Stark's bannerman (I forgot his name) etc. Of course the Teon's speech was cool. And the way it ended, lol. But.. they didn't even show us Ramsay and his men with tourches or something!2) House of undying - even worse. Those shitty scenes with Drago and a warlock is nothing compared to Deny's visions. Also, where the hell is prophecy about 3 treasons, and 3 fires, and 3 mounts? Nowhere!3) White Walkers and Others... at least it looked cool, But... no fight on the Fist with Sam writing those letters while everyone else fights for his life? No undead bear? No Sam going through snow and blizzard or charging at Other with dagger, etc?! Hell it was cool stuff to read, it would be AWESOME to see... But, instead we get another Nazgul, a snow version. Gee, thanks....4)Arya and Jagen... no soup, no visible trick of face change,  nothing, sucks.4) Jon Snow's capture and his dealing with Halfhand were better done in the book. Hell,in the show he doesn't even declare himself a traitor BEFORE fighting Halfhand! So the entire act of freeing him after Halfhand's death shows 1 thing - Wilderling are idiots.5) Robb Stark  sudden marriage in books had at least some sense. Here - not so much.6) And brother and sister  Reeds apparently doesn't exist. Also Bran and Rikon going one way is wrong.My disappointment in writers knows no limits. Sure you cannot make show 100% true to book, but they have gone too far..Jojen and Meera Reed will be in the next season, although I'm not sure whether they will end up separating Bran and Rickon. The one issue is that the showrunners have established Osha's character pretty well so they may not want to see her gone for a long while.
472	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	Whoa, I hadn't really thought about that happening. Seems like it could be a real possibility though, the no-heat sword, a sorceress hoochie, reclaiming the night fort, I'll have to start looking for more clues as I re-read. Nice catch, this could be intruiging.It's not really my theory, but a well-fleshed out theory from someone else on this board which I've read. Melisandre's speech about Stannis betraying anyone at all was so out of character for him that I wrote it off as nonsense at first but when you put the pieces together... what else could she mean? As long as he's human Stannis is in no real position to betray anyone because he needs all the support he can get. He'll probably either fall in battle against the Others or someone else, be resurrected as a more powerful sort of Wight through the power of his blood (he is after all the King and blood magic is the most powerful magic there is, especially when using King's blood...) or get wounded, go insane because of the wound and run over to the Others somehow as a last resort of some kind. *sigh* Personally I'd be gutted over this (Stannis deserves a genuinely good ending if only for all the stuff poor ol' Davos has been through for his sake to start with) but I see no real other way out, especially because Daeny dying behind the Wall (presumably fighting Stannis, ack, they should join forces instead!) has also been implied in this episode, and who would she be fighting beyond the Wall... you guessed it. Then there's George saying the ending will be 'bittersweet' and 'victory will come at a price'... well... Can't get much clearer than that.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 04 June 2012 - 12:53 PM.
473	Ghosteline	2012-06-04	I think the first half of the episode was pretty good. I really liked Arya part and changing the faces worked well for me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
Dany in the house of undying was all good until the part where dragons started burning that man. This felt very rushed and it felt as if the man was just a common human and died somehow too fast and easily. For a place like this which is guarded with spells/sorcery this just seemed too easy. I wish they had made it more dramatic. Dany in throne room was beautiful though.
I feel bad that Robb was made to look so weak in this show. In books he seems to be more heroic...even if he's deciding not to marry the Frey girl.
Jon didn't seem shocked enough after killing Halfhand. Ygritte just tells him..lets go... and I get the impression as if he's saying. "Ok! yep.. lets go!"
The others were pretty interesting.. I actually started laughing when I saw one guy with just half a scull. Im not sure yet what to think of them. I pictured them differently...
All in all it was quite good episode but most parts should have been more dramatic and darker!
474	Grendel Khan	2012-06-04	Jojen and Meera Reed will be in the next season, although I'm not sure whether they will end up separating Bran and Rickon. The one issue is that the showrunners have established Osha's character pretty well so they may not want to see her gone for a long while.Im kinda hoping we get to see what happens when Osha and Rickon head into the wilderness (I wanna say they were going to white harbor or skagos, cant remember). Havent heard anything about them aftre they split up in the books as afar as I can recall, would be cool to see their wacky adventures. And it would give the show runners a chance to keep one of their favorite characters around.
475	Maester Hodor	2012-06-04	I wished they showed the sack of Winterfell. I'm assuming the Ironborn who betrayed Theon died during the sack, but it would have been nice to see. I suppose it's a possibility they got away somehow.
476	The Black Wolf	2012-06-04	There are some parts of this episode that I really love (like all things Winterfell, Jaquen, Jaime and Brienne...), but some parts were just a bit disappointing...Qhorin vs Jon Snow: I don't think it was quite as intense as in the books. I hope people who don't read the books understood what was happening, but frankly, I was a bit confused for a second myself...House of the Undying: while I really liked the visions that they showed, I would have killed for a blue rose on the wall. I know it would make no sense in the show, but wouldn't that also be sort of great? I mean, it is the House of the Undying, things are supposed to be weird. Also, they could always add a reference to Lyanna and blue roses later on in the series if it is necessary. But what really irks me is... where are the Undying? To me they needn't even show them, but Dany could have heard their whispers as she's running around looking for her dragons (that way we would have gotten some prophecies as well). I think that would have been quite a bit creepier than just Mr. I-love-to-show-off-by-cloning-myself...Varys and Ros: I just don't get it...?And, finally, there was the one moment when I just wanted to throw stuff at the screen. Big and heavy stuff, like maybe a brick...or a dinosaur...Robb, the Brat King of the North: I really like Robb in the books. In fact I'm constantly making excuses for him, which is easy in the books (he's very young, his best friend betrayed him, he's alone, he's wounded, the Westerlings totally manipulated him, he thinks his brothers are dead...). In the show he's older, he's not alone, nor is he wounded, and he has absolutely no idea about his brothers being supposedly dead. He just promptly walks up to his mother and says: "But moooom, i don't want a boring marriage like you and dad! It's probably even because of your boring marriage that he's dead now. I don't care about the Freys, they are smelly and I don't like them anyway...Also, you freed Jaime Lannister, so now you don't get to tell me what to do!"   /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
477	Leuf	2012-06-04	I loved this episode.  So Robb got married by the Seven,  It's the first time they've actually said all the names on the show, so they worked in some exposition there.  Get over it.  The CGI was great.  They couldn't have screwed up Qhorin/Jon, because even Larry Williams understood what was going on and Larry is pretty dense.
Dany's trip to the HOTU.. people are so busy whining about what wasn't there they completely miss what was there.  Was that ash or snow falling on the iron throne?  Or should I say was that (Jon) Snow on the iron throne?  Just to make it more obvious for you.  Dany also had to turn away from the iron throne.  And Drogo being there was really great.  That stuff was a lot more important than "You must always take the first right" and other random stuff.
The only things that bothered me were they continue to fuck up Littlefinger and his story in every way possible, and they refuse to take any opportunity to write Ros out of the show.
478	FrozenFire3	2012-06-04	I was expecting somewhat more from the season finale. Especially from the house of undying scenes. Daenerys was supposed to have different visions, see things that meant something. In the episode, Dany's visions don't give us any clue about her future or whatsoever... plus Rhaegar was missing too. I didn't expect them to show all of them. I understand there are choices to be made when making a book out of a movie, but they missed and changed everything! What about the blue rose growing from the wall? They could have at least put that... 
Then there is 'The Others' matter... I didn't quite like the cgi there. They didn't feel real...
479	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-04	If it implied anything, it's that Daeny will die beyond the Wall. That's why he's waiting for her there... Melisandre's speech also pretty much convinced me Stannis is in fact going to become the Night's King. Ugh. It implied that Dany's husband will be beyond the wall. This is known.The first vision seems to suggest that, when Dany reaches the Red Keep, the Long Night will have already reached King's Landing.
480	Balefont	2012-06-04	The visions confused us as well when we first saw them. That's why they're visions. Gives people stuff to think about. Like, what the hell was that?! This 'the tv audience is too dumb to think and doesn't want to think and should have everything spoon-fed to them' attitude isn't really an argument to me. Even if it were so it doesn't change the fact it won't help the quality of your show if you follow that 'rule'.Because the whole thing doesn't make any sense. The Northmen were supposed to come and rescue them, they didn't find out this 500 men army were actually their enemies, yet they resolve to flee all the way to the Wall rather than go 'hey, weren't our allies outside here just a minute ago? Why not find them?' That's some terrible terrible plotdamage.Then why wouldn't Luwin have told them to join those supposed allies rather than flee to the Wall?
481	House Martell	2012-06-04	I knew it! I knew it all along. Sam is a servant of the Great Other. His physical appearance doesn't change, he's been marching and living on a glacier for weeks but he's still fat. He's the only one to escape Crasters Keep later, He delivers Bran to Coldhands, and he's infiltrating Old Town. 
Now the White Walker just gives him a look and keeps going, OF COURSE, they're on the same side! I knew it.
482	Grail King	2012-06-04	I don't get some of the Osha hate, calling her a slut is a bit over the top, she did what she did so she get those kids to safety, not for nothing but through out history during wars women had been raped for some guy's whim or ego and they also had to just give themselves to protect their family, Osha did no more than keeping her promise to the Starks for spareing her life.
483	RWHamel	2012-06-04	Speaking of faster does anyone think that the show will eventually catch up to or pass the books? Was thinking that because of the expidited feeling i get when watchingIf it does, I bet in the fine print of the contract GRRM signed it says that he becomes HBO's bitch. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
484	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	Then why wouldn't Luwin have told them to join those supposed allies rather than flee to the Wall?That's exactly my point. That's the question an attentive viewer would be asking. Now the characters just assume they'll have to go to the Wall as Luwin suggests instead of wondering why he says they're still in danger and can't for instance go to one of their closer allies.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 04 June 2012 - 01:21 PM.
485	pleonasm	2012-06-04	This was the worst episode of the series. Bar none.
The cliffhanger with the wights and white walkers was dreadful. A complete of lack of threat, menace, or tension. Just compare it to the introduction of the White Walker in the pilot. This was laughable.
Other than the Throne sequence, the House of Undying had a complete lack of imagination. There was a thousand different ways they could have approached this. Something sinister, something weird (ala the Black Lodge from Twin Peaks), something heartbreaking. Many of them low cost, but this failed at every level. No mystery. Pointless. Really failing to leverage the huge bag of tricks available in a visual medium.
What did we get? A tent, a baby with a bad wig, and Jason Momoa.
And time isn't an excuse, Danny had nothing to do all freaking season - this should have a 10-15 minute - what the fuck type of moment.
486	BlueQueen	2012-06-04	I liked it overall. But I am curious what Varys wants with Ros. Also, as far as the wedding, it bothered me that they were married by a septon, but I think that having them say the vows sets up the general guidelines for weddings, and so next season, with the first wedding, Tyrion and Sansa, the viewer will be familiar with the vows and will see the contrast between happy wedding, Robb and Talisa and sad wedding, Tyrion and Sansa. 
    Anyone else see the treatment of Doreah and Shae as a bit of foreshadowing? I think that Shae is going to end up in Cersei's service, maybe she is already. After all, a lot had changed since Tyrion got wounded, as he finds out. Her plea to run to Pentos could be an attempt to also get herself out of spying on him. With Doreah, we see that she was pushed to help Xaro because she thought that Dany was doomed. She is a whore trying to survive, much like Shae. We also saw the consequences of that. Death.
487	BlackTalon	2012-06-04	An excellent episode, among the three or four best of the series so far IMHO. Some scenes were less well done than they could easily have been (Jon/Quorin, WW takes no notice of Sam ...WTF?), but overall much better than expected. They managed to wrap up quite a few storylines very well while leaving great cliffhangers even for bookreaders with other lines.
House of the Undying ... they did what they could regarding time and budget, IÂ´ll give them that. No complaints here.
Jeez you can tell things are getting bad when even I as a book purist am getting annoyed with the whining from even worse book purists.
488	Qwop22	2012-06-04	It implied that Dany's husband will be beyond the wall. This is known.The first vision seems to suggest that, when Dany reaches the Red Keep, the Long Night will have already reached King's Landing.I like this explanation. I am sure GRRM had some input on what needed to be shown in the HotU, and he probably wanted to spice things up and create new visions to show to the fans. Perhaps he was trying to tell us something about the ending of the story, in a vague and uncertain way. Those scenes could be taken multiple ways.Dany is going to first burn kings landing with her unruly dragons?Dany will then head to the Wall and die defeating the Great Other?Dany will reunite with Drogo when she dies?Dany will meet Jon and Jon will become her new Khal Drogo?The Starks will rule the seven kingdoms?Jon will take over the Iron Throne?The Iron Throne is all Dany wants, but perhaps she will never get it?and so on...Maybe the leaving out of Rhaegar and Elia was GRRM's way of trying to finally put an end to the R+L=J theory.
					
					
							Edited by Qwop22, 04 June 2012 - 01:51 PM.
489	Warhawk137	2012-06-04	I really can't decide how I feel about the HotU sequence.On one hand, they left out some stuff (ok, actually, most of the stuff) from the book that I would have really liked to see.  RW and Rhaegar in particular.But at the same time I find it hard to be disappointed, because there was absolutely nothing in that sequence that I thought was bad.  I liked those visions.  I can't say they should have replaced anything that was in the episode with one of the above mentioned scenes, because I actually did like everything about it, except for the omissions.And it's hard to say that it was cost-related, because the shots they did use were pretty heavy on the CGI.  The RW scene, OTOH, would probably just be prop-focused, without a ton of CGI.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 04 June 2012 - 01:54 PM.
490	expean	2012-06-04	Really loved the Daenerys arc this episode. Even though the House of the undying wasnt what it was in the books it was great! Got chills when Dany walked into the throne room and then out on the wall and it was fantastic to see Momoa again /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> And also dracarys was great.
The ending was awesome! and i finally got a look for the others. Had a hard time picturing them in my head.
Aryas scene with Jaqen was cool too. Vala Morghulis.
Kings Landing was great. Tywins horse pooped, yey! and Tyrions scar was terrific!
I didnt really like the sacking of Winterfell though. It didn't have the same impact on me at all as it had in the books. And to not introduce reek/ramsay this season was a big mistake in my opinion, made it a lot more confusing.
And Jons storyline is the worst as usual.  Did HBo even try to make it look like Jon acted on qhorins orders. Is he one of the wilidling now or still their prisoner. Very unclear. and no ghost /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
overall a great episode and a worthy ending to the season
491	baxter	2012-06-04	Sorry if already discussed, just getting to the thread -
Maybe it was just me, but did anyone else get the sense the HoTU throne room scene wasn't snow, it was ashes?  I may need to rewatch it, but to me I thought, hmm ashes, maybe she razed Kings Landing?
492	DemiNymph	2012-06-04	I just want to complain that the series is too short. The show is so cramped with info and they don't have time to deal properly with all the storylines. It is hard to keep track of who is who for a non-reader. Hope they are not going to do this for season 3. Book 3 is a long book and it needs 20 episodes, maybe split into season 3 and season 4.
493	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	It implied that Dany's husband will be beyond the wall. This is known.He'll be there... But alive and as another person than Drogo, or as Drogo in the afterlife?
494	Ciglon	2012-06-04	The only gripe I really had with the HotU wasn't the lack of visions (glad the RW wasn't there tbh, too obvious already), I actually liked the Khal Drogo scene and iron throne, but would it have hurt to have the "three treasons you will know" prophecy? Unless they are saving this prophecy for Quaithe to give to Dany later (which will be really good for establishing Quaithe as this omnipresent, prophesying figure for Dany.Also considering how blatantly obvious they're making the Frey's betrayal of Robb will be, I'm surprisedthey chose to make Roose/Ramsay's betrayal not as obvious as it should have been - not too mention how stupidly subtle Qhorin's plot to fight Jon was in the program. I mean, non-book readers actually had to try and make sense of the fight scene when it was happening, figuring out whether it was planned or not, that should not have been a concern at all at that point. Although the fight was fairly emotional as well up to that point. IMO would've been nice to have had Qhorin tell Jon to do whatever they ask of him in time to come rather than say "we are the watchers on the wall", would've been good for establishing inner conflict for Jon next series. No gripes though, I loved his last words. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Robb getting married under the seven, not a big deal imo (considering Robb's plot will be over in a few episodes lol) but also b/c non-book readers pretty much know all they need to about the old gods at this point (nothing really), but they don't know anything about the religion of the Seven which is more complicated and has a larger role to play in time (High Septon later).Honestly, I agree with someone earlier that Stannis' character is just all over the place in the scenes he's been in, what the hell? Totally disappointed they seem to make him some sort of bad guy when really, he's by far the best candidate for the Iron Throne inc. Dany at this point (not too mention the only one save Dany with an actual claim to the damn thing by blood). They have failed to make his cause a righteous one to claim what is rightfully his and is being denied him. Plus more elaboration on him believing he's the PwwP/AA reborn wouldn't hurt imo.Also, with regards to LF and sansa, I liked that part. TBH we know nothing will come of that for a while b/c she marries Tyrion, but it helps build the relationship between LF and sansa that will arise later (If they just show LF taking an interest in Sansa for 2 episodes before helping her escape it'll be too weird, they have to establish that the strange strange fascination LF has with Sansa stems from his love for Catelyn).I like what they did with Shae as well (trying to convince him to run away, tyrion weeping), it'll make what she does later on that much more awful and emotional hopefully.All in all, a very good episode, would have been phenomenally better with just a few cost-free, easy, and small changes to make it stay true to the story (Robb/Cat thinking Bran/Rickon are dead and it's their fault is the biggest example for instance.i think that is why most people are upset, they didn't spend millions of dollars on blackwater and mess up, they didn't cast completely incompetent actors or anything like that, they just made a series of unfortunately small, unnecessary changes that added up make the plot suffer tremendously.
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 04 June 2012 - 02:11 PM.
495	Greywolf2375	2012-06-04	The acting, cinemetography, costuming and editing were great.
The adaption left much to be desired.
Jaqen & Arya were spot on.  The change of face was beautiful!
Brienne &Jaime were fine - when I heard the voices walking towards them I thought "Mummers!". 
HotU - I get what they did, I like what they did, but with the expectations of a season end, they missed out on some things.  Yes, there would be spoilers in some of the scenes...but that wasn't a problem in the book, so why not here?  Not even all of them.  I think they had a great opportunity and it came up short.
Dany/Dragons - so in a few days the dragons go from being able to barely burn a piece of meat to being flamethrowers.  And - I've only seen it once so far - but Dany is impervious to dragon fire? 
Robb/Mom/Marriage - So Robb knowlingly and intentionally breaks his word to the Freys, not out of a gut response, but after thought and conversation.  So he's just a selfish child. 
Jon/Quorin - fight was fine.  But now Jon is just a turncloak, which reinforces his running, rather than seeing Dalbridge give his life for his brothers, get the instruction from Halfhand - not want to do it - and get forced into fighting him.  Oh, and didn't he have a dog or something as a pet once?
Winterfell - so either Dagmer is Dagmer and has an agreement with Bolton or Dagmer is the bastard...or...just got bored and wanted to go home?
Throne room - loved the touch of the horse dropping a pile.  Loved Sansa's look when she was walking away.  What is LF thinking?
496	Arya The Assassin	2012-06-04	A bit disappointed, since I was hoping for a bit more in the finale. The episode felt a bit uneven and slightly anticlimactic compared to Blackwater (which was one of the best -- if not the best -- episodes this season). But overall I found the episode to be entertaining, just not as engrossing as I'd hoped for.Good:Arya and Jaqen. I'm glad they had one last scene together, and Jaqen giving Arya the coin is quite significant, so I'm glad they included it. The scene also makes it clear that Arya won't travel to Bravoos immediately, so we'll get to see her 'road show' with The Hound next season (as I'd hoped for).Jaime and Brienne. Very close to how I envisioned the characters in the book. Looking forward to more scenes with these two in season 3.Luwin's 'farewell' scene. Sumpter did a great job as Luwin. A memorable part, despite having only a few scenes in season 2.House of the Undying: The dragon fire was cool, but I wish the dragons were flying around when they put the guy on fire. I don't remember the details from the book, but the sequence was interesting, although not as exciting as it could've been.The whitewalkers. I don't remember how they looked like in the books, but I think the rider and his undead horse looked rather cool.Bad:The scenes with Jon Snow was a bit confusing and didn't have the same impact as in the books. I like Jon as a character, but his plotline this season hasn't been that interesting, unfortunately.Robb's marriage: His choices this season hasn't been entirely convincing. I think the show should've provided better reasons for him to abandon his marriage to the Frey girl.The tone was a bit too low-key, especially for a season finale. The last scene with the whitewalkers did help a bit, but compared to the finale in season one, it didn't have the same impact.
497	DurararaFTW	2012-06-04	Why not?Cause he has no idea that it was anyone but Ironborn that are his enemies. It's not even certain that he knew that the castle was under siege by Northern and even if he did, he has every reason to believe that the Ironborn were just saved by other Ironborm arriving, like Theon was hoping for all this time. He has no reason to sit in the cold and starve to avoid Northern villages because no one is looking for him and he has no reason to fear northern like in the books.. Moreover, in the books they stayed away to keep up the pretence that Bran is dead, as he safer that way. But the idea that he's dead STILL hasn't spread and he's already on the road.And yet, I'm sure he'll still stay hidden for new reasons. I hope they'll be good ones.
498	Frumpus	2012-06-04	HoU scene didn't bother me since I know they're making major changes to the story anyway. I suspect book loyalists will completely tune out the show next season.
Littlefinger approaching Sansa at the end. So I guess Dontos will be written out of the show? He serves no point now that Sansa knows Littlefinger's intentions. I guess they could show him helping her escape next season, but it would be really jarring to non-book readers who probably wouldn't remember him.
I like the namedropping of Wex, it's too bad he's not a real character on the show so he'll never actually appear. He was Dareon'd.
499	As high as honor	2012-06-04	Robs story is terrible on the show!
WHY IS HER NAME TALISA AGAIN???
his story was better implied like in the books. he gets wounded, Jeyne helps tend to the wound, they sleep together, fall in love, get married. THE END! 
I understand you wanted to give him more screen time....maybe introduce Roose Bolton.....ok I get it. Now I'm not a complete book purist...but c'mon!! you made Jeyne from one of the free cities. Hell she isn't even Jeyne Westerling! And he contradicts himself saying to Catelyn (in a earlier episode) that the war isn't just about getting Sansa and Ayra back, its about more then that..........But now you don't seem to be warring at all. You seem to only give a shit about "Talisa"....I cannot wait for the Red Wedding!  Rant over.
500	WeLightTheWay	2012-06-04	I'm guessing this is going to be a plot point and the girl really is Jeyne. They'll use it as more motivation for the Northern lords to betray Robb. He went back on his oath, married a Lannister and did it in light of the seven.Maybe Robb already knows she is Jeyne Westerling and still marries her. That would be a real twist  and really piss off his bannermen. I can't get over the "Talissa is Jeyne" theory. It seems like too good of a story to pass up and why mention the Crag and that the Westerlings live there?(info on HBO.com) They could have made up a castle or said the golden tooth or something.
501	BrojenReed	2012-06-04	I wasn't really bothered by the WW seeing Sam and not reacting-- I think it illustrates that a) the Walkers are intelligent to some extent and b ) Sam appears so cowardly and harmless that the WW didn't even think he was worth the trouble (and perhaps he just figured one of his wight minions would make quick work of Sam)
Needless to say, that's gotta be the White Walker that Sam slays.
					
					
							Edited by BrojenReed, 04 June 2012 - 02:36 PM.
502	AnnaC	2012-06-04	First post and I'm going to get shot... oh well.
HOTU - my non reader friend and I were equally perpelxed as to the point, apart from Jason Momoa of course...
Apparently Jon and the Halfand did have some kind of 'understanding', however we both missed that too /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Clearly I'm a moron because I noticed things from previous episodes for the first time in the 'last episode' bit.
friend: is that a white walker?
me: I guess so, they just look different now...
friend: horns?
me: uggh remeber how how Lord Bolton sent his bastard to retake winterfell?
No.
the guy that I told you likes to flay people.
Yeah cool
they're the horn blowers who are here to save winterfell.
Why is Winterfell burned?
Yeaaah, I guess they skipped that part... basically Ramsay Snow's an asshole.
Who the fuck is Ramsay Snow and why did he burn down Winterfell?
Nevermind.
Robb is a complete idiot and I hope he dies.
Yeah the next season will be awesome.  You should read the books...
Fuck the books, there's TV!
/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Sam: I'll just hide behind this rock.
White walker: he's behind a rock. immortal force field engaged. ignore target.
and before I get killed, My fave characters are Arya, Sandor and Jaime, in no particular order.  I effin love show Arya and Jaime, just think Sandor has been utterly destroyed.
503	Last Sword of Braavos	2012-06-04	Where the hell is Ghost?! I was really looking forward to seeing Tywin's horse shit in the throne room, but at least they included it..unlike Renly's damn peach. and... where the hell is Ghost? oh, and how is Sam going to get out of THAT predicament? I'm not even going to begin to discuss the major plot changes or the butchering of the HOTU, I can't even stomach it. I guess we should all try and think of it as something to kill the time until the next book is released/written.I felt they needed a little more presence from Ghost even if the Jon/Qhorin predicament played out much differently. I would have liked to see Jon have the warg dream and discover the Wildling army before actually seeing it with his own eyes at the end. I know, it's too much nitpicking. Overall, I though, I felt this episode was one of the stronger ones of the 2nd season.
504	Brewmaster	2012-06-04	Honestly, I agree with someone earlier that Stannis' character is just all over the place in the scenes he's been in, what the hell? Totally disappointed they seem to make him some sort of bad guy when really, he's by far the best candidate for the Iron Throne inc. Dany at this point (not too mention the only one save Dany with an actual claim to the damn thing by blood). They have failed to make his cause a righteous one to claim what is rightfully his and is being denied him. Plus more elaboration on him believing he's the PwwP/AA reborn wouldn't hurt imo. Stannis didn't really believe that he is AA reborn at this point in the books yet...if he even believes it now. He believed in Mel's results, not her god or her prophecy. He becomes more swayed as time goes on, but not this early.
505	Istari	2012-06-04	Dany/Dragons - so in a few days the dragons go from being able to barely burn a piece of meat to being flamethrowers.  And - I've only seen it once so far - but Dany is impervious to dragon fire?IIRC, in ADWD she is burned by Drogon in the fighting pit.
506	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-06-04	Some thoughts on the season two finale:Poor Tyrion, waking up in front of a gloating Pycelle, and not getting any recognition for what he did.His injuries aren't - predictably - as disfiguring as in the books. Would be hell to do that kind of make-up from now on.This is the first time I've actually sensed some kind of chemistry between Tyrion and Shae. Not much, mind you...Tywin is magnificent in his contempt, letting his horse take a shit just before riding into the throne room.For not having that big of a chest, Natalie Dormer does spectacularly with Margaery's cleavage, even if it does look rather out of place for a  Westeros highborn lady.Nice to see Sansa smiling at the knowledge that she now doesn't have to marry Joffrey, but poor girl just then learns from Littefinger that that doesn't mean she can go home, or is even out of danger. Quite the contrary. Silly girl, why didn't you escape with the Hound?Littlefinger stole Sandor's line about all being liars. Why do they give so many of the Hound's lines to Littlefinger?Sophie Turner must have grown quite a bit. It looks like she's taller than Aidan Gillen.More scenes from book 3 with Brienne and Jaime. Of course there would otherwise be little for NCW to do this season.Their bantering was fun, and you could tell that he was impressed by her fighting skills. And to be honest, the actress isn't nearly as ugly as her character is made to be in the books.While an unwise move, I liked the fact that Robb scolded his mother about she's not the one to be reckless, when he married Talisa (who I'm now convinced really isn't Jeyne Westerling.I liked that Stannis was assertive, if a bit abusive, towards Melisandre. he's not to be played and doesn't really believe that much in the Lord of Light. Although after watching through those flames I wonder...I almost feel sorry for Theon. He had a great speech, and I really thought they would all follow him to meet the besiegers. Then I laughed so hard when Dagmer just whacked him!The line "Let's go home" from Dagmer lends me to believe that he isn't Reek/Ramsay as some crackpot theories have suggested. They've ditched Reek altogether and have Dagmer making a deal with the besiegers (presumably Ramsay Bolton and his men).Winterfell doesn't seem that sacked when the Stark kids emerge, but it is sure smoking a lot from it when viewed from a distance. So how much was actually destroyed? From the books I got the distinct impression that everything except the stone had burned.For that matter, who burned Winterfell? To the viewer it's not immediately clear. It could presumably have been the retreating Ironborn, even though we know it was the Bastard of Bolton. Thus the treachery of the Boltons aren't that apparent yet.I think Isaac Hempstead-Wright has grown. Poor Hodor won't be able to carry him around for much longer.This is a problem for the show - the kid actors growing up faster than their characters in the books. What if Maise Williams has a sudden growth spurt and won't be able to pass for a little boy any more?Even the kid playing little Rickon was good.Considering the episode title - Valar Morghulis - I wasn't surprised that Arya got her coin from Jaqen. She still hasn't retrieved Needle. I don't remember if she's supposed to already according to the books, but didn't she kill that Harrenhal guard with it? Not that she got to do that on HBO, alas.Finally we had Jon killing Qhorin Halfhand. I suppose they dragged this storyline on for a couple of episodes just because he wouldn't have that much to do this season either.Not actually seeing Ramsay Bolton or Mance Ryder (or the Reeds and Tullys for that matter) saves them in not having to pay the actor salaries.Predictably the House of the Undying didn't reveal much compared to the books. Doing so would have spoiled too much. Not even the prophesies. But we got a nice scene with Dany and imaginary Khal Drogo (and son). I don't recall that in the book, but maybe the ruins of the Red Keep and throne room, is an intentional foreshadowing? Dany will take King's Landing but there won't be much left when she does?Cool burning of Pyat Pree by the dragons though. And man they are cute!I wasn't at all surprised that Xaro's vault was empty. That's why he wanted the dragons. Fitting end for him to be locked up inside it, but I grieve for Doreah. I really don't get why she betrayed Dany! Was it just that simple that she didn't want to wander around with her Khaleesi any more, trying to reclaim a realm on the other side of the world?The White Walker army was creepy, but I don't recall them forming up so in the books.I was expecting Sam to use the dragon glass, but for some odd reason the White Walker rider just stared at him and didn't seem inclined to kill him.Nice ending for the season though.And damn, almost a year until next time!Generally, the first season was better. It had a more held together storyline, whereas this one had lots of rather isolated events all over. But the same can be said for the books. Still, there were more weaker episodes and storylines this season. For some characters nothing much happened and they sometimes had to accelerate events (Jaime) or invent ones (Dany).
507	Arawni	2012-06-04	I had tried to make a separate thread on this earlier, but wasn't able to because of the forums acting up. Thanks for pointing that out about the weirwood. But in the absence of their own gods, they swear to someone else's?I'm not very familiar with the religions in ASOAIF books, but this would've been the case in Europe before Christianity. People would pray to the god or gods they'd deem fit or useful depending on situation and locationg. It wasn't like today when a Christian is a Christian no matter where he is and him praying to other gods would be a deadly sin. Japan is actually still good example where people can marry in shinto temple and be buried according to Buddhist rituals while reading Konfutse during their lives and attending Christian seremonies.So if Westeros is like "pagan Europe" in religious sense, which is seems to be, it's totally believable that Robb would swear in the name of southern gods while being in south. It doesn't mean that he has changed his religion. It just seems that religion is not "pick one, never believe in anything else" choise for him as it is for people today.Of course it's possible that I've misunderstood ASOAIF in this matter but this is how I've understood religion works in it.
					
					
							Edited by Arawni, 04 June 2012 - 03:31 PM.
508	coventgardenmartin	2012-06-04	So fell in love with this series and I've not read the books but I have to admit I've checked online to find the fates of some characters as I just couldn't bare to wait things out. Looked up Loras and Danaerys and happy to see they last. 
My question to you book readers and the one gripe I had about this episode is that Dany, earlier in the series, runs into her villa to see all the dothraki bloodied and at this stage it seems her entire klan is annihilated by assassins. We get an idea of how many she has with them when she first meets the 13 outside the gates of Qarth. So it seems that all of them were killed except her main companion whose name I forget and one other dothraki protector.
So what annoyed me and what I wanted to ask book readers is how all of sudden when she has her dragons back it seems like a ton of dothraki are still with her. Where the heck did they come from??!?! Is this the case in the books too?
509	baxter	2012-06-04	HoU scene didn't bother me since I know they're making major changes to the story anyway. I suspect book loyalists will completely tune out the show next season.Personally, I'm glad they are going off the track a bit with the plots because as much as I love the books dearly, I like being surprised to some extent on the show and don't want to be just watching the book.I was disappointed in the final scene, Sam frustrates me enough as is, but the Others looked different than earlier, so maybe they have different classes / ranks, because at the rear of the pack you see a second Other who is wearing a suit of armor (though maybe when we see it next season it will be the camouflaged suit)  and has the ice/glass sword on horseback.  Just left me confused though that they pass over Sam.  They didn't pass over anyone in the books in that Varymyr prologue.HotU, I think they had to leave out some of those scenes because honestly, what can be disguised on paper can be very very apparent on film. I think GRRM probably wrote in the new scenes to help cloudy that up a bit.  At first I thought the visions were to get her to stay there, but the first two don't align with that at all.  Does she turn away from the iron throne because she doesn't really want it (is it snow or is it ashes)?  She's beyond the wall, is that her true path?  She sees her tent with KD, but she reiterates the prophecy that implies it will never ever be, does it imply she will die beyond the wall or find a new husband, etc.  I was definitely on the edge of my seat, though disappointed as a reader, but pretty floored by the three scenes in the House.  I loved Mamoa's scene particularly, I was shocked when he appeared.
510	baxter	2012-06-04	So fell in love with this series and I've not read the books but I have to admit I've checked online to find the fates of some characters as I just couldn't bare to wait things out. Looked up Loras and Danaerys and happy to see they last. My question to you book readers and the one gripe I had about this episode is that Dany, earlier in the series, runs into her villa to see all the dothraki bloodied and at this stage it seems her entire klan is annihilated by assassins. We get an idea of how many she has with them when she first meets the 13 outside the gates of Qarth. So it seems that all of them were killed except her main companion whose name I forget and one other dothraki protector. So what annoyed me and what I wanted to ask book readers is how all of sudden when she has her dragons back it seems like a ton of dothraki are still with her. Where the heck did they come from??!?! Is this the case in the books too?They've done a very poor job with her story line this season, she orginally had a troupe made up of old, battered, and dying with a few good screamers left.  Then the show has made it appear as though everyone is annihilated.  But, oh wait, they aren't all dead, just the ones who were on Xaro Ducksauce's property (so where is everyone else).  Just some crappy story telling to spice up what they screwed up earlier in my opinion.  You'll see over the next few seasons that the Dothraki as is currently, don't really matter much outside of what were supposed to be a few key blood riders.
511	tyrus	2012-06-04	Non-reader here with a few observations.  Now, I don't mind a spoiler or two and I guess that's why I'm on this thread.  I think hearing the back stories from book readers is really interesting and fills in many gaps - even though most of those observations are rants (I totally get it).  So here's where I am:
After Season 1, I'm thinking - great, the Starks are going to King's Landing and are going to get some revenge - obvious story line.  Also - WTF  -are those real dragons?  Yeah, that chick is going to burn some shit down.  Also, why is the coolest Stark (or non-Stark), Jon Snow going to the wall?  Must be pretty pivotal.  Also, I can't wait for Joffrey and his Mom, Uncle/Dad is get theirs.  The Imp is probably the best character on this show.
Season 2 has me thinking - Okay, how far does this poor woman have to roam the desert with these dragons?  She's really going to burn shit down now, because really, how are you going to stop a dragon?  Robb Stark is on a mission - wait a minute, who's this chick and why is his quest completely derailed by her?  WTF - they're married - why?  Arya is going to be pretty badass someday and may be the one that avenges her father.  Why hasn't Joffery and his mom been killed yet?  It's going to be awesome when the Lannisters get theirs.  Stannis is pretty cool but that witch he's with will be his demise.  I don't really seeing this guy going anywhere.  How many more characters / families / tribes / magical beings can they introduce this year?  Who sacked Winterfell?  And are they going to be sorry when the Starks get their shit together.
This last episode was great - in the context of the others.  I also know that is TV Land, the second to the last episode is always the best and the finale is supposed to set up the next season.  So, I guess Jon Snow will infiltrate the wildlings and destroy them from the inside.  Unlike others, I wasn't confused about his battle with the other "crow."  I thought they explained that earlier.  Arya is on a quest to find her family and the face changer was pretty cool.  Robb Stark probably f'd up pretty good for some unknown reason - I didn't like that whole marriage scene - didn't make sense to me but maybe they have to show the betrayal so that they can kill him off next year.  The Lannisters are still in power and Imp got screwed.  I'm guessing we're not going to see the end of him.  Dany's scene at the magician's tower seemed a little weak and rushed.  As mentioned several times, it's probably much better in the book but I think I got the point with the little foreshadowing they did include.  She probably will be queen soon?  Lastly, the White Walkers seem pretty unstoppable (except maybe for dragons? - hoping).  Nice way to end the season.
When I read through this thread and tried to fill in the gaps through character wiki sites, I leave very confused.  So Arya never avenges her father's death but rather will always be on the run and in hiding, eventually moving away from the kindoms?  Tyrion will never be King and also is always on the run, leaving his family behind?  Dany continues to unsuccessfully try to raise armies and never really becomes the queen?  The Starks will basically be no more?  The Lannisters are always in power?  It seems that the most important characters haven't even been introduced and all of the people we've been watching never amount to anything and will constantly be in hiding.  I hope this is not the case and next season doesn't disappoint but if it dragged out like this season did, I may be done.
512	Baitac	2012-06-04	I still can't help but think of dementors during some of those creepy scenes. I wasn't particularly impressed with how things ended. I knew the last song was called Three Blasts, but I didn't quite expect the zombie/Pirates of the Caribbean undead with a Nordic twist either. Last week's episode was so spectacular, it would have been very hard to outshine it, and it was.
513	BabyMeraxes	2012-06-04	Oh my God, those sweetling baby dragons. There really is a God(s).
514	Sir Dunk	2012-06-04	My thoughts about sam is the walker can see that he is a craven and of no harm.
515	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	He's not worthy of the Other's attention, if he's going to sit there the dead will eventually devour him. What bothers me most (apart from the Frosty Uruk-Hai appearance and Nazgul-scream they gave him) is that Sam is actually going to get out of a situation even Bronn wouldn't survive, what with the tons of dead people and mounted Others and all.
516	insertname	2012-06-04	I'm really not happy with this episode. It just confirms that some of the storylines are indeed botched. Some if it may theoretically get fixed in S3 but I doubt it.
Minor points:
-Arya really should have killed someone herself, would be somewhat important for her character development
-I don't think it's really clear why Winterfell is burned or why the boys have to leave
-For the most part, the subtletly has been taken out of the books for the adaption. See Littlefinger, who is a lot less subtle than he's supposed to be. This is something I agree with. Yet, for some reason, subtlety has been *added* to Jon/Qhorin? From what I've seen, a lot of people have not understood why Jon killed Qhorin, because he never explicitely told Jon to do so. I see no reason why they had it like that.
Major points:
-A whole freaking army marches by Sam and ignores him? Wha?
-Dany's entire storyline was so useless. We can't take anything out of the prophecies because we can't be sure if D&D didn't just botch something up, but besides that nothing really happens. There were also really a lot of plot holes in the entire storyline
-So Robb marries Talisa because he wants to(not because he feels compelled to do by his honor), he does it with a clear mind (Instead of being stricken by grief), his mother knows about it yet does nothing besides trying to talk him out of it (Way to make Catelyn more weak imo...). I feared this would happen, it's just another way to finish off a bad storyline in the worst possible way really. Oh yeah and he swears by the seven. They changed his entire character really...
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 04 June 2012 - 04:18 PM.
517	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-04	Catelyn isn't that weak imo, anyone paying attention will have noticed that every time Robb ignored her advice (and he did so every time) it turned for the worse, lol. I also think her opposing the King rather than being a bitch and saying Eddard should do as his King commands (defying the King's authority is more dangerous) like she did in the books was a twist that made her stronger. And then her scene where she stands up to Karstark, gotta love that, harharhar. Robb is probably being made an asshole of to goad people into a soft landing when he dies. After all to most viewers it will seem he did nothing with his army either after his victory over Stefford Lannister.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 04 June 2012 - 04:21 PM.
518	Kvothe the Arcane	2012-06-04	The major point of happiness I got from this episode was that Theon is looking very likely to be in the next series instead of cutting him out for 2/3 years, there's no way they could not include him and hopefully Ramsay after that exit. I loved Tywin's arrival, really looking forward to him shaking things up and clashing with Joffrey as I loved that element in the books. The ending beyond the Wall was a spectacular cliffhanger also, the books ending was much less grandiose, TV requires a cliffhanger. I'm also pleased the halfhand was killed by Jon, albeit in different circumstances, I hope they emphasise his remaining loyalty to the Watch next series. 
The Robb/Talisa/Catelyn side of things is a complete disaster. Karstark mentioning the seven was bad but the King of the North? It was just plain shit from the writers. Its honestly hard to recognise Robb as the King in the North in the show. I appreciate the embellishing of Robb's character that needed to happen with him on screen instead of far away but they have completely ruined him to many, he is nothing in comparison to Eddard in terms of likeability through his actions, which is something that really came across in the books. I'm similarly disappointed with Arya leaving Harranhal with clean hands but they can easily rectify that on the road to Riverrun, she will need something to do after all. 
The House of the Undying scenes were interesting, but ultimately served absolutely no purpose, Dany really needed some prophecy thrown around at her along with links to the past (ie. Rhaegar scenes) to properly link her character to returning to Westeros. My non book reader friends reactions to when she doesn't go to Westeros is going to be hilarious, isn't the point she turns to Slavers Bay because Illyrio sends her the ships back to Westeros? 
All in all, despite how awesome Blackwater was, this season has failed to live up to the first. Alfie Allen as Theon has been spectacular, Peter Dinklage nailed it again also. I'm hoping next series (or two) are the best the series have, in conjunction with SoS being the best book. Beyond the Wall and King's Landing are in order for this to happen, but the plots in the Riverlands and Winterfell/The Dreadfort seriously need sorting out early on next series to get the show back on track.
519	Grey Robb	2012-06-04	I gave the episode an 8.  Thought it was great TV, decent ASOIAF storytelling.  Most stuff has been discussed ad nauseum so I'm just going to comment on Robb.  Robb is a POV lacking fringe character in the books.  Despite truly knowing how he thinks or feels about anything, many of us readers are drawn to him (I'd argue) because of two things.  
1. He personifies the legacy of Ned Stark (a character we became very close to in AGOT and want to see avenged).
2.  We are influenced to root for him through how he's endeared by other characters (particularly Catelyn, Sansa, Arya, Jon).
These 2 dynamics work together to make the RW one of the most shocking and devastating moments in the series.
Robb has been changed in the television series, and though I don't necessarily agree with all of the changes; I would argue it's for the same effect.  Non-book readers root for the Robb of the television series, the way us book readers rooted for him in the novels.  I've talked to several people that are emotionally invested in his character because he's Ned son, and because they see him as a great warrior and a generally good guy.
For a lot of them, the love story enhances Robb's character.  He's human, and he finds peace and love in the midst of war and betrayal.  He's under tremendous pressure and wants to do the right thing, but doesn't always know what that means.  They have no clue what a blunder he's making.  How could they?  It will only serve to make the RW have as great  an effect (if not a greater) on TV show fans, as it did on a lot of readers.  Should DB and DW accomplish this, then I will consider their handling of Robb's story a success.  As a book reader, I'm going to be excited enough to see the build up to and execution of the RW.  Not really all that worried about subtle divergences or plot changes on the way, just getting there.  (My wife is going to punch a hole in the wall) /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
Lastly, I don't think the Talisa identity issue is solved just yet. Otherwise, how are they going to resolve Robb's difficulty or inability to produce an heir?
					
					
							Edited by Grey Robb, 04 June 2012 - 05:00 PM.
520	lello4ever	2012-06-04	i didn't like the final episode very much. arya and winterfell were great, but the whole dany story was adapted pretty bad and gave me no shivers or strong sensations, and that madeup end with xaros was awful.
a letdown compared to last season's finale.
521	DaveSumm	2012-06-04	After Blackwater, I actually really learned a lesson in switching off the analytical/book reader part of my mind and just enjoying it. I'm really glad I did cos this episode was fantastic, the extra time really allowed for the scenes to breathe and not feel compressed or rushed. And sorry, but this is the most out of proportion I've ever seen the fans response on this site. SOOOOOOO many people saying the HoTU was poorly done. It's so strange, of all the things to get your hopes up about.......did everyone seriously think that it'd be the same as the book? Hey, here's some guy you've never heard of holding a baby.......here's four rat-dwarfs crawling over a naked chick......here's some wizards in a hall...... 99% of the viewers would feel utterly let down that a patchy season for her had ended with some messed up acid trip that made no sense whatsoever. Converting this stuff to TV isn't just about dropping plots, it ultimately is about simplifying stuff. Familiar faces, familiar locations........viewers are now left with hope that Dany might see that throne room for real, that her dragons are a serious force for her to use........it was a good way to end her season.
And this end scene, with the army of wights, that every non-book reader reaction I've seen says it's awesome..........was awesome. Yes, the Other looked a little different. He looked awesome. Yes the army of wights looked like zombies. THE WIGHTS ARE ZOMBIES. Their description is identical, they're reanimated corpses. 
Sorry to be ranty, but when they announced this show we were all "cool, we can see a massive Other/Wights army attacking the fist!" Then we get it........and everyone whinges that they look TOO much like zombies!? These zombie creatures? 
Well I'm very satisfied. Ultimately, a Clash of Kings doesn't fit into ten episodes so stuff's been changed. The last two episodes really made up for any weaknesses and I'm fully confident that Season 3 and onward are going to be incredible.
522	Jovet	2012-06-04	Hope they are not going to do this for season 3. Book 3 is a long book and it needs 20 episodes, maybe split into season 3 and season 4.That has actually long been confirmed by D&D.
523	Istari	2012-06-04	the extra time really allowed for the scenes to breathe and not feel compressed or rushed. Really? I felt the complete opposite. I thought the entire episode rushed
524	Shienberg	2012-06-04	Allright...
So I got through ten pages and just wanted to put down my thoughts before I forget everything I wanted to say. Some of this has been mentioned by others...
I am pretty sure it is through Sansa's story in the books that we learn that since the Starks worship the old gods and the Tully's worship the seven the Stark children worship the old gods and the new. While some patriarchs might force the children to take only the fathers religion, Ned was definately the kinda guy who would want the kids to respect their mothers faith as well. We don't ever get to hear Robb's internal monolouge but it is not unreasonable to imagine that he leans more to the seven... This "gigantic mistake" is not necessarily such a big deal...
Speaking of Gods.. Peter Dinklage is a freaking GOD! He owns the screen. If he wasn't a small person he would already be established as a Robert DeNiro/Gary Oldman calibre actor. This series will win him many more awards.
Yes I was initially disappointed with the HOTU scene however I do agree with people who acknowledge that it would be too spoilery or take too much to explain. The Red Wedding will be one of the most shocking things to ever happen on tv when it happens so it would be a really bad idea to start showing those cards. And of course the tv only crew don't know who Rheagar and Elia are so that vision would make no sense. They will need to explain who Elia is eventually though or else they take a lot of oomph out of the battle between the Red Viper and the Mountain. All that being siad the two simple changes they could have made... A blue rose at the wall would have been a nice foreshadow and would not be too confusing. Pyat Pree could have had a simple bit of dialouge... something like " I am keeping you here to save you... if you leave you will face three betrayals...". Still for the limits and differences of the televsion medium, it was a good scene.
In the "previously on..." segment before the show aires Robb tells Roose that any Ironborn who surrender will be spared and allowed to return home. So it seems obvious that Dagmer and co. knocked Theon out to turn him over and buy their freedom.
Why couldn't they just have a little close up on Bran as he leaves Winterfell saying it's not dead, "just broken, like me". I was really hoping to hear this line.
They are making Shae love Tyrion WAYYYY too much. It's gonna be hard to believe that she betrays him and bangs his Dad and even harder to believe that he is going to strangle her. And there is no way they can change these parts of Tyrions story.
I leave the second season a bit frustrated with Arya's story. For many of us it is one of the favorites. I enjoyed the Arya Tywin stuff just because those two actors make those scenes soo great. However so many of Arya's iconic moments were changed or eliminated. There will be no "is there gold in the village" killing of the tickler. There was no weasal soup, no leeches and they skipped over Arya's first real intentionall hands on cold blooded kill (stableboy not withstanding). This is huge for her arc.
Another concern- Nobody knows that Bran and Rickon are "dead". I remember Arya overhears this at some point while in Harranhal. More importantly Robb and Cat need to know because, it would have been better motivation for Cat releasing Jaime and Robb needs to name Jon the heir of Winterfell before he dies. Jon turning down Stannis's offer to name him lord of Winterfell and release him from the NW is important to Jon's character and his eventual "doom" or what have you.
And again, maybe I am giving too much credit to the "previoiusly on" segment but in that they add a little more reminder explanation that Qhorin wants Jon to kill him and be a spy. I think it could have been handled a bit better but the tv audience will figure it out.
I love the show and I love the books. They are seperate things. Some things that can be told in written form do not translate to good television. To be a %100 book purists is irrational and suggests that you may not entirely understand the nuanced differences between the two mediums. I do not agree with every change but I think the show creators are doing a remarkable job in adapting source material that is just massive in depth and scope. I applaud them and look forward to next season.
525	Arkash	2012-06-04	I for one, despite my deception on how Jon's story was handled is pretty satisfied with the episode, no real change. All the stories are wrapped up according to the book.
Even the Hotu who translates better to TV this way. It would have been too cheasy to do it as in the books.
526	dagorkan	2012-06-04	Awful way to end a season
Anyone who hasn't read the books is going to expect the rest of the story to be Dawn of the Dead with longswords in Siberia
527	J_Crews	2012-06-04	http://www.forbes.co...e-for-season-3/
528	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2012-06-04	I had a feeling I would be let down after Blackwater.  The shortcomings of this episode have been well expressed here in the previous pages.  The burning of Winterfell was very shoddily explained.  They never showed the "army" outside.  If they hadn't gotten Ramsay cast, they still could have put a guy in full plate on a horse with the flayed man on his shield, pointing at the horn player to blow again, and the point would've gotten across just fine.  I suppose they wlil have a call back in the beginning of season three and actually show this scene...at least I hope so, because I don't think the TV viewer is going to be able to figure things out. 
House of the Undying was short, simplistic, and a huge let-down.  Dany's big Drakaris moment was such an anti-climax...it came off as an episode of Sanctuary or something instead of HBO's Game of Thrones. 
There was one shining moment in this episode, however, that almost makes up for the rest; Maester Luwin's death was the first scene in the TV series that actually made me get teary.  I knew it was coming, and it had been a very moving part of the book as well, especially with Rickon for whom Luwin was almost his only father figure. 
I guess we'll see what happens next April.
529	bumurutu	2012-06-04	A lot of people seem to be missing the point of the Brienne/Jaime scene. It was a scene that really brings forth one of Martin's main points of the book. It shows that Stark men at arms are just as bad as Lannister men at arms and drives home the point that this is not a story of good versus evil. Non-readers haven't had that point drilled home to them yet and this scene serves that purpose.
HotU was kind of a disappointment for me as well but I need to see where they go with the story first before I can really complain about it. 
Final scene was pretty sweet, but I always pictured the wights as less shambling. More like the zombies from 23 days later and less like the walking dead.
					
					
							Edited by bumurutu, 04 June 2012 - 06:55 PM.
530	Arkash	2012-06-04	A lot of people seem to be missing the point of the Brienne/Jaime scene. It was a scene that really brings forth one of Martin's main points of the book. It shows that Stark men at arms are just as bad as Lannister men at arms and drives home the point that this is not a story of good versus evil. Non-readers haven't had that point drilled home to them yet and this scene serves that purpose.Just what I felt too... hope some of the Unsullied will find so soon.
531	JonF311	2012-06-04	I felt like I was watching Shaun of the Dead.Well, I half expected Michael Jackson to come tap-dancing out of the snowstorm and start singing "Thriller."Seriously, the Wights were altogether too B-grade horror movie clichA©.On another matter, my mind was screaming "Plot Hole!" when Dany showed up in Xaro's bedroom. Hello, the guy just offed twelve of the most powerful guys in Qarth-- he should have enough guards around his home to withstand three armies. And the guards should definitely have orders to keep an eye out for a certain silver-haired Targaryen who Xaro must know hates his guts now.And meanwhile there's potential plot discontinuity issue looming. Xaro reappears in Book 5, not in a key role (though he may play one in book 6), and we are even told the Pyat Pree is looking for Dany to have his vengence on her. So maybe we can assume that Xaro's servants wake up and get him out of the vault? And that old Pyat Pree really is Undying?
532	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2012-06-04	I don't think they can get Xaro out of the Vault can they?  There is only one key, and I assume that they aren't going to leave it around.
533	Northern Girl 30	2012-06-04	White walkers are the ones that return from the dead and the Others are the ones that live in the ice and have woken, right? 
Do you think the one white walker on the horse was Dothraki? He looked a bit savage and had a pony tail!  I wonder how they all ended up in that place.
534	JonF311	2012-06-04	Dany is impervious to dragon fire?The show has built up Dany to be impervious to fire, period: the scalding hot bath in 1.1, picking up the red-hot dragon eggs, pointing out that molten gold killing Viserys means that he was not the true heir of the Targaryen, and of course Khal Drogo's pyre.And there's some element of this in the books too: in Book Five she handily survives Drogon's fiery visit to the stadium.
535	Raging Bear	2012-06-04	I'm really not happy with this episode. It just confirms that some of the storylines are indeed botched. Some if it may theoretically get fixed in S3 but I doubt it.Major points:-A whole freaking army marches by Sam and ignores him? Wha?-Dany's entire storyline was so useless. We can't take anything out of the prophecies because we can't be sure if D&D didn't just botch something up, but besides that nothing really happens. There were also really a lot of plot holes in the entire storyline-So Robb marries Talisa because he wants to(not because he feels compelled to do by his honor), he does it with a clear mind (Instead of being stricken by grief), his mother knows about it yet does nothing besides trying to talk him out of it (Way to make Catelyn more weak imo...). I feared this would happen, it's just another way to finish off a bad storyline in the worst possible way really. Oh yeah and he swears by the seven. They changed his entire character really...I don't see the problem with the Sam situation.  Ya it's new but I doesn't change anything.  Everything this is supposed to happen can still happen.Dany's storyline was useless and boring the book too.  Unless you happen to be referring to the prophesies, which I am ok with them changing.  Prophesies. except in Macbeth situations (Cercei) , serve no purpose plotwise, and destroy suspense.Lastly, I don't see any change in Robb's character.  If you think Robb slept with Jeyne only because he we grief stricken and not becuase he was teenage boy away from his mother and alone with an attractive girl then you have some thick rose colored glasses on.
536	J_Crews	2012-06-04	Game of Thrones' Alfie Allen Addresses Theon's Fate, Wants Free Brothels for All
537	JonF311	2012-06-04	I don't think they can get Xaro out of the Vault can they? There is only one key, and I assume that they aren't going to leave it around.Presumably they could break down the wall. I don't think we were told it's wrought with spells of indestructability.We don't know if Martin intends to make major use of Xaro after his brief appearance in Book 5, nor if Pyat Pree is really going to show up again for revenge, but the show needs to be careful not to foreclose such options. I mean, imagine if Cersei had poisoned Tomen last week.I don't mind departures from the books; they're necessary for several reasons. But I don't want this series turning into another True Blood where the later seasons bear only a passing acquaintance with the books.
538	LuisDantas	2012-06-04	@JonF311: It is really easy to miss, but there is a strong implication from the combination of "The Iron Reaver" in AFFC and a statement from Xaro Xoan in one of ADWD's Daenerys chapters that all but assures that Euron killed Pyat Pree.
539	Silmarien	2012-06-04	I can't help but assume that Robb being married in the light of the Seven is a major plot point in the tv show. I'm not sure why but it had to be done for a reason, right? That's really my only nitpick. I liked this episode.Are people forgetting that1) Cat, Robb's mother, follows the Seven?  Sansa also prays to the Seven and no one bitched about that.  So would Jeyne Westerling....2) There was a Sept AND a godswood in Winterfell? 3)  HOW DID YOU PEOPLE MISS THE GODSWOOD RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM?!They're also in the West, and the ceremony in front of JUST a godswood without speaking would've been kind of abstract, non-book readers might not have figured out it was a wedding. It's not that big a plot hole, GRRM never specifies how the wedding went down. People will complain about everything and anything, I swear.Also, Robb was under a bunch of stress...he has lost his father, the kingslayer is escaped, his brothers are prisoners of his former best friend, and his sisters are both hostages in KL, AND he lost Winterfell.  So, in the midst of all this BS, he wants love in his life instead of gambling on a random stranger for marriage.  This may be a more modern concept, but it happened in the Middle Ages too. I don't see how that makes him so stupid?  Is him being identical to Ned that big a deal?  I think doing it for love makes his story more tragic, ultimately.  Just IMHO.  Shrug.
540	wotad	2012-06-04	I don't see the problem with the Sam situation.  Ya it's new but I doesn't change anything.  Everything this is supposed to happen can still happen.Dany's storyline was useless and boring the book too.  Unless you happen to be referring to the prophesies, which I am ok with them changing.  Prophesies. except in Macbeth situations (Cercei) , serve no purpose plotwise, and destroy suspense.Lastly, I don't see any change in Robb's character.  If you think Robb slept with Jeyne only because he we grief stricken and not becuase he was teenage boy away from his mother and alone with an attractive girl then you have some thick rose colored glasses on.dany was useless in the book? lmfao then you might aswell say stanis and all the others are useless aswell dany is the only 1 who brings something intresting to this series
541	nara	2012-06-04	Overall, I liked this episode.Loved the fakeness of the Joffrey/Margaery declaration of love.  Happy to see Sansa smile, even for a secondWas moved my Maester Luwin scenes with Theon and the boys -- actually teared up.  Was also moved by Tyrion/Shae and I really hate Shae, so they did a great job of that.  Also, by Varys thanking Tyrion for saving the day. Lump to my throat.Laughed out loud at the look on Jaime's face when Brienne kicked the asses of the Stark men.  I swear, in a few seconds that actor can steal the show!Theon's speech was wonderful and inspiring. Loved jaqen's changing face.  i thought for sure they would leave that out.didn't care for;It appeared that jon killer Quorin out of spite, not duty.  They should have explained that part better for non-readers.  However, Ygritte's reaction was great -- awestruck.I hate the way the married Robb off.  I can live with the change to the Seven.  I think they're cutting down on religions in the show and are eliminating the Old Gods.  They also seemed to have gotten rid of the multi-faced god that faceless men worship (IIRC).  Also okay with showing the romance and sex.  However, in the book, he falls for Jeyne but marries her because he puts her honor before his own, which is a very Ned Stark quality.  In the show, he's just selfish.  One of my favorite passages in ASOS:"He is a boy of sixteen," said Lord tywin,  "at that age, sense weighs for little, against lust and love and honor."  Tyrion: "He forswore himself, shamed an ally, betrayed a solemn promise.  Where're the honor in that?"  Ser Kevan answered. "He chose the girl's honor over his own."  It always reminded me of when Jon was returned to the Night's watch by his friends.  Old Bear;  "Honor set you on the kingsroad...and honor brought you back."  "My friends brought me back,"Jon said.  Old Bear:"Did I say it was your honor?"  I feel like they lost the nuances about honor in the way they chose to handle Robb's story.  They could have made Jeyne/Talisa a nurse and well worth loving and still kept the part about honor.  (okay, I'm done with that soapbox.)HOTU -- agreed, very weak.  Disappointing season for Dany, altogether.  However, i did like her locking them up in the safe--very Targaryen.  Liked seeing Drogo and baby (ADORABLE baby, by the way--I just wanted to cuddle him!) but they spent too much time on it.  Perhaps they're saving prophecies for next season.Wish Arya had to kill more people to escape, but I agree that little girls killing people reads better than it shows on a screen.  it would be too unrealistic.Did Stannis strangle Melisandre in the book?  It felt strange for her to be so helpless.Others -- not menacing enough.  Reminded me of Pirates of the Caribbean, for some reason.  I would have preferred that they keep the Others half-hidden to retain the mystery.
542	Silmarien	2012-06-04	A lot of people here seem to be confusing wights and the White Walkers.  The guy on the dead horse was a White Walker, the rest were wights - reanimated dead people.  They were dark and in black in the Prologue to Season 1 because they were mostly reanimated dead members of the Night Watch, whereas in the last scene of Season 2, they are in white because they are mainly reanimated Wildlings.I thought they were white during the day and dark at night was bc they had camoflague, as they have Predator-like armor in the book (kinda) too.
543	chris.mcgarry88	2012-06-04	The show has built up Dany to be impervious to fire, period: the scalding hot bath in 1.1, picking up the red-hot dragon eggs, pointing out that molten gold killing Viserys means that he was not the true heir of the Targaryen, and of course Khal Drogo's pyre.And there's some element of this in the books too: in Book Five she handily survives Drogon's fiery visit to the stadium.I'm pretty sure after her ride on ole Puff the Magic Drogon she mentions her hands being blistered and red, I think she's clearly much better at dealing with fire but I was sure after she lay in the pyre with Khal Drogo, the witch and her eggs, that these unique abilities kind of disappeared. I'm sure GRRM mentions it somewhere, or I'm going mad.I was a little disappointed with this episode, especially after how excellent I thought Blackwater was (let's clone GRRM and have one write the books and one write every episode of the series, plz) but I totally understand that it's an adaptation with restraints and you really couldn't pick something much harder to adapt. However, I think Quorin Halfhand could've been written a little better with respect to his plan to get Jon into the Wilding gang. It really wouldn't have taken much more than another whisper to make it clear, but we are all people sittings at our computers and these guys are adapting an absolutely epic fantasy series for screen on, while seeming big, a peanuts budget for what they're attempting to achieve. I think no matter what has happened this season, after Blackwater was so so so incredibly well put together, I will forgive them for everything else. I just vote for longer POV scenes with the main characters and less jumping around. I wouldn't mind if I didn't see a character for an episode if I knew they had a lot of time in the next one. Blackwater is a great example of an episode that relied on one setting only and succeeded marvellously. Just give your guys a bit more time to talk, D&D!On a further note, DRUMS!
544	Ghosteline	2012-06-04	Dany's trip to the HOTU.. people are so busy whining about what wasn't there they completely miss what was there.  Was that ash or snow falling on the iron throne?  Or should I say was that (Jon) Snow on the iron throne?  Just to make it more obvious for you.  Dany also had to turn away from the iron throne.I also agree that although they didn't show the same things as in the books...there was still quite a lot of symbolism to pick up.I also thought why was it snowing in the Throne Room... and why did it look nearly destroyed. I also noticed that when Dany approached the Iron Throne, she seemed to look at something particular - her eyes were fixed to something at one point. If you are looking at a throne in general your eyes would wonder about.... but her eyes stared at one point... so I though that maybe there was someone there. And did someone realise what was she about to touch? Was it just part of a throne?All her visions included snow..accept the Khal Drogo part.And that I found interesting that she went to Khal Drogo beyond the wall. It means as if... there is something safe for her beyond the wall. When usually everyone knows that nobody goes beyond the wall, thats where the world ends basically. But she found something dearest to her beyond the wall.Also It seems to me that few things are not being mentioned by people here. Things that I found really coool. And they were:JAQEN H'GHAR!!!!! How well was he portrayed by Tom Wlaschiha!!!! He really made the character seem mysterious and dangerous. His firm facial expression which was almost always smiling but you can't really tell if that's a smile or not.  And his tone of voice which knows more than it speaks...calm and solid. Really good job there - was a joy to watch! I will be missing Jaqen - I hope we will see him more.A scene with master Luwin was very touching... and what a good job by RICKON!!!!THE DRAGONS!!!! I loved the way they looked. Really good animation there. I liked how they stared at Dany as if waiting/wanting something from her. The voice the dragons make...is really good!!! You can really hear it in a voice that its not your regular cute little pet. There are so many textures to the sound they make.So yes... so many little details that make it really interesting to watch and what I feel that nobody here really mentions. Everyone is just too focused what was not shown the way it was in the books. All in all I think they did a good job covering all the necessary bits.
545	Silmarien	2012-06-04	Wights aren't zombies in behavior or appearance. They have the apparent ability to play dead and carry out rudimentary order, as shown by the attack on Lord Commander Mormont. Classical zombies eat brains and not much else. Wights don't appear to decay. The two zombies that attacked Mormont didn't have corpse stink, and Coldhands isn't decaying.Wights are still (un) dead, and where in this episode did they eat brains, exactly?  They're definitely slow and clumsy in the books.
546	Arch-MaesterPhilip	2012-06-04	Presumably they could break down the wall. I don't think we were told it's wrought with spells of indestructability.We don't know if Martin intends to make major use of Xaro after his brief appearance in Book 5, nor if Pyat Pree is really going to show up again for revenge, but the show needs to be careful not to foreclose such options. I mean, imagine if Cersei had poisoned Tomen last week.I don't mind departures from the books; they're necessary for several reasons. But I don't want this series turning into another True Blood where the later seasons bear only a passing acquaintance with the books.I was wondering if Xaro needs to show up because he killed the rest of the 13. But more to the point, I agree with you on the departures, since you can't show internal monologue on TV you need some of them and for time constraints and so forth.
547	ser poopypants	2012-06-04	this is my first post. i've read all the books, and while i enjoy them i take the heretical view that season 2 of the show has been a better tv show than the second book is literature. yes, depth and backstory is sacrificed but it's far more engaging for people who would never read these kinds of books anyway. the books are great with the endless plot, but let's face it's not always/often great writing per se.
i quite enjoyed the episode. all the way till the end, that is. that's a white walker/other? i'm hoping against hope that doesn't turn out to be the case. i was hoping for something not (very) reliant on cgi--more an uncanny almost-human creature rather than the nazgul/skeletor/orc/lotr ghost army hybrid that showed up at the end. let's pray it turns out to have been a wight captain, and not a real other.
548	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-04	Tywin's horse does not shit gold...myth busted
549	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	this is my first post. i've read all the books, and while i enjoy them i take the heretical view that season 2 of the show has been a better tv show than the second book is literature. yes, depth and backstory is sacrificed but it's far more engaging for people who would never read these kinds of books anyway. the books are great with the endless plot, but let's face it's not always/often great writing per se.i quite enjoyed the episode. all the way till the end, that is. that's a white walker/other? i'm hoping against hope that doesn't turn out to be the case. i was hoping for something not (very) reliant on cgi--more an uncanny almost-human creature rather than the nazgul/skeletor/orc/lotr ghost army hybrid that showed up at the end. let's pray it turns out to have been a wight captain, and not a real other.The thing on the dead horse was definitely supposed to be an Other.
					
					
							Edited by Procopius, 04 June 2012 - 09:13 PM.
550	legba11	2012-06-04	Those saying the White Walkers look different, please post links to pics which show this.  I am looking at images from the one last season with the head, the one that adopted Craster Jr (yes I am stealing that) and the one on the horse.  They look pretty much the same to me, considering they were all in the dark previously.
I am still annoyed they just dropped the fact that LF knew where Arya was.
551	Sir Cadogan	2012-06-04	this is my first post. i've read all the books, and while i enjoy them i take the heretical view that season 2 of the show has been a better tv show than the second book is literature. yes, depth and backstory is sacrificed but it's far more engaging for people who would never read these kinds of books anyway. the books are great with the endless plot, but let's face it's not always/often great writing per se.i quite enjoyed the episode. all the way till the end, that is. that's a white walker/other? i'm hoping against hope that doesn't turn out to be the case. i was hoping for something not (very) reliant on cgi--more an uncanny almost-human creature rather than the nazgul/skeletor/orc/lotr ghost army hybrid that showed up at the end. let's pray it turns out to have been a wight captain, and not a real other.Wight captain? wtf, man.It IS an Other. White Walker. Whatever, you name it. But no, it is not a wight.
552	legba11	2012-06-04	http://tvline.com/20...eason-2-finale/Great ratings numbers, up 38% from last year's finale.
553	legba11	2012-06-04	Wight captain? wtf, man.It IS an Other. White Walker. Whatever, you name it. But no, it is not a wight.So the wight on the horse is a white walker.  Got it.  (kidding!)
554	House Martell	2012-06-04	White walkers are the ones that return from the dead and the Others are the ones that live in the ice and have woken, right?Do you think the one white walker on the horse was Dothraki? He looked a bit savage and had a pony tail!  I wonder how they all ended up in that place.White Walkers and Others are the same thing, Wights are the "zombies"I thought they were white during the day and dark at night was bc they had camoflague, as they have Predator-like armor in the book (kinda) too.Good point, they are described to kinda "blend" into whats around them and being that this is the first broad daylight viewing it makes sense. Their skin is described as "milk white" but they have that funky crystal armor. I thought they were real skinny though and that dude seemed pretty jacked (not a big deal)
555	dark  sister	2012-06-04	I pictured the Others as a lot more elegant, but the sword it was holding was fantastic. I am really glad it was white because all of the other times they have shown "others" they seem black, hairy and ape-like, so I'm very happy that it was the ghostly book style.I felt like Luwin's death was kinda anti-climactic (side note: did he want to be killed without milk of the poppy in front of the Heart Tree so that he could be a blood sacrifice to the old Gods...? Thoughts?) but I still got a little choked up /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />I think that your idea about Luwin and the heart tree is a very interesting one -- one that never occurred to me.  Although he never mentions milk of the poppy in the book. Rickon just says "You CAN'T DIE! YOU CAN'T!" and Shaggydog mirrors his feelings. Luwin says "I'm an old man, I can die if I want to."  What WAS interesting that happened in the book was the fact that despite his obviously painful wound, he dragged himself up to the heart tree.  That makes me think that your point may have some validity to it.Ok, my opinion about the episode...it's a much more complex reaction than I've had to all the other episodes, and that's not because it was the finale.  Overall, as one who has read the books, I understood everything that was going on, even with the major changes that the producers made.For instance -- Theon gives a rousing speech to the Ironborn men, then "Dagmer" knocks him out. (I put that name in quotes because he is not at all like the Dagmer Cleftjaw who was pretty much a foster father to Theon in the book.)  So the question is, for not only the book readers but also especially the non-readers: how long had his men been plotting against him?  Was it "Dagmer" who convinced the other men that it would be better to abandon their prince (an act of treason) and raze Winterfell to the ground?  In other threads there have been discussions about just how much gold is in Winterfell, and the conclusions were: not nearly as much as places like Highgarden, Casterly Rock, or KL. Ok, I guess they could take the tapestries and other valuables, but then what?  They become rogues, broken men?  What happens when Balon and Asha hear about this?Or was "Dagmer" in some sort of plot with Ramsay?  But that wouldn't be possible because they supposedly killed all the ravens.  That part was confusing to me.My mother has gotten into the series, but refuses to read the books.  I can understand why -- she's originally from Iran and although she can read just fine, she's always found fantasy a little confusing.  Something about the fake names and places make it hard for her to "get it", I suppose.  I keep encouraging her to read the books, but let me just tell you guys, from her perspective, what she found confusing (and she's a smart woman):First of all, THE OTHERS.  I tried to explain to her that in the series, they hadn't really explained the difference between a wight and an Other.  I then tried to explain it to her, and her befuddled expression spoke volumes.  I explained again, and she kind of understood.  As the army was passing by, she wondered why Sam wasn't killed by the Other who looked straight at him.  I said that I had no idea, I was confused about that as well.Secondly, the Ironborn part, which I just brought up.  I explained that they probably didn't respect Theon and was sick of him, so they decided to burn Winterfell and take the belongings.Thirdly, she didn't understand at all what was going on in the HotU.  She didn't know why the throne room was in ashes and it was snowing. (At first I thought ALL of the white stuff was ashes, and hey, maybe it was?)  So I had to explain to her something from the book, and the vision she had of her father -- him pacing up and down the throne room muttering "let him be king over ashes. Let him be king over charred bones and cooked meat."  Then, Dany goes into the tent with Drogo and her son. (Little side note: those baby's eyes looked purple to me! Interesting that they made his hair dark, too.)  I told her that this vision was NOT in the book, but that there were other ones that were far more important.  I explained that there were other visions (and words) that were extremely important but hadn't been included in the episode.  She was puzzled with their decision not to include those things.She was absolutely astounded by Jaqen's transformation into another man, and it was quite comical because she kept begging me to tell her how he did it. I said I couldn't give away secrets that I didn't have the answers to.  I did tell her what valar morghulis means, though.She also wondered how the dragonfire didn't burn her but did burn Pyat Pree. That kind of niggled at me as well -- I mean, it was between her, but definitely close enough to cause AT LEAST second degree burns. I don't care how "immune" to fire is (which apparently she's not, if I'm not mistaken - her walking into the flames was a "one time deal").  When she confronted Drogo at the pit I don't think she even got scalded -- I wish Martin would make up his mind!She also didn't understand what Pyat Pree meant about his magic working now that dragons were born.Then there was the scene with Qhorin Halfhand.  She was shocked that he killed him, so I had to explain how it was set up in the book. I told her the whole scene, about him asking if his blade was sharp, etc. etc.Ok, so why am I talking so much about my mother's reactions to the episode, instead of my own?  The reason is because I think she represents a viewer with above-average intelligence who is absolutely confused by these scenes which they changed and distorted.To sum up my view, I enjoyed the episode, especially the part where Dany has her dragons burn PP while she's chained - a powerful image. Of course, I liked the Others bit (the horn was a great-sounding horn, too!) and I also pretty much enjoyed everything else.  However, enjoying it isn't the same as not being confused with some of the decisions the producers made.  I guess my big question would be this: why, why did they decide to put in that fake story in Qarth?  PP and XXD conspiring to take her dragons, Irri dying, Doreah NOT being dead, Dany not getting her crown, not meeting Barristan Selmy and getting the ships...I think that putting the book storyline into the season, (with some trimming, of course) would have been the same level of complication as this new plot line they decided to go with.  My reasoning is that they wanted to put in major suspense by having the dragons stolen, but they could have built up the same level of suspense many other ways: one way being Dany's realization that she is nothing but a rich beggar, threatened by greedy Qartheens, and trying to get a ship OUT of there.  I think her getting a crown would have been a brilliant scene, really.  They could have also put in Barristan Selmy following her - not just that one day at the docks, but throughout the season, trying to see what her personality was like.I feel like instead, they wasted a lot of screen time with excessive nudity and sex scenes, or dialogue scenes where people just mocked each other (one scene that comes instantly to mind is Bronn trimming his nails and Tyrion complaining about it -- what's the point?)  I am not a prude by any means (in fact, when I go to the beach, I go to a nude one, and I'm from America, hehe), but I found it to be excessive.  There wasn't even any "sexposition" most of the time.  What do other people think?  Maybe I'm reading it wrong.My main conclusion is that it was an entertaining episode and finale to watch, but that it also brought with it MUCH confusion - not just to me, but especially to the poor fans out there who haven't read the books.  Methinks that quite a few more people will be picking up the books now and trolling through them because of this finale alone /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />   Could it be a sly marketing ploy?  (No, no, not really...although one never knows, right?)Ok...The scene between Stannis and Melisandre was utterly ridiculous.  The woman drank POISON and wasn't killed, and she reads her own future in the flames before anyone else's.  For Stannis to choke her, and for her to be at his utter mercy, was soooooo unreal.  When I say unreal, I literally mean, it couldn't have happened.  It did not fit in with either of their characters -- esp Stannis supposedly seeming some bullshit in the flames.  That really irked me.And, of course, this CANNOT be denied -- the nadir of the episode was Robb's marrying Lady Talisa Migasdidfsdfswtf her name is IN THE NAME OF THE SEVEN?!  That left me speechless for a moment, literally, before I started to swear and curse about how false this was for Robb's character.  Totally aside from that - that's just a little thing, although it's almost little the way a little piece of glass lodged in your lung is little - there's his selfishness in revoking his vow to the Freys and marrying her against his mother's wishes.  What made the RW so tragic was that Robb was killed in a very similar way that Ned was -- he did it to shield a woman's honor.  Ned tried to honor Cersei and her children, and Robb tried to honor Jeyne Westerling's virginity. And, of course, the circumstances are so important. He had just learned of his brothers' "deaths" and was deeply wounded.  The storyline they made for Robb and Talisa was so close to a Twilight romance between Edward and Bella that you could slide a hair between the difference.So now, when the RW happens, people will be saying "well it was his fault. everyone warned him not to do it, but he did it anyway."  Or if they don't have feelings quite that blunt, they'll still have that memory of it being his stubborn choice.  Now I wonder that if they do the RW scene, will Talisa be there?  Will it be ROBB who cannot bear to part from Talisa, and so she walks into her own death trap?  Or will it play out pretty much like it did in the books?  Ah, so many questions.And one more thing, I pray you, even though it's off topic - personally I (and probably others) believe Talisa is a spy for Tywin (or Jeyne Westerling, or whateverthefuck).  Right after Arya reads that note about Robb, they go to a scene with her writing a message, calling herself a brilliant liar, saying she's writing the Lannisters about his movements etc. etc. But the interesting thing that I'm sure people caught was she was just holding the note whilst Robb was there. But when Catelyn comes to see them, she rolls up the note quickly.  THAT'S because she knows she can keep Robb's attention by batting her big brown eyes at him, but she cannot do the same with Catelyn.  And, fearing that Catelyn will ask to see the note, she pretty much flees right after introducing herself.  I also think that her story, while it may be true, was used manipulatively, to play on Robb's sense of mercy, sense of honor, sympathy, etc.  So a giggling, smiling Talisa may not have just been in love and eager to make love (as one poster said, after the episode aired) but in actuality a sly, giggle that she has him, now.  And it's a short step from hot sex to a marriage of a young man.So, that's my complex reaction.  Entertaining, confusing, let down (as always) and hopeful.
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 04 June 2012 - 10:49 PM.
556	dark  sister	2012-06-04	White Walkers and Others are the same thing, Wights are the "zombies"Good point, they are described to kinda "blend" into whats around them and being that this is the first broad daylight viewing it makes sense. Their skin is described as "milk white" but they have that funky crystal armor. I thought they were real skinny though and that dude seemed pretty jacked (not a big deal)If one looked closely, one could see that the wights were the clumsy, stumbling ones who still looked human but had the blue eyes, whereas anything on a dead horse was an Other, and was white all over.  I wish they had put the armor on them -- why not?  Would it really have been that expensive?And I thought that wights were slightly different from Others...Others are the original monsters, whereas wights are their thralls who used to be men but are not walking zombies, obedient to the Others' commands.  It's hard to say since we know so little about them!
557	Silmarien	2012-06-04	Well, I half expected Michael Jackson to come tap-dancing out of the snowstorm and start singing "Thriller."Seriously, the Wights were altogether too B-grade horror movie clichA©.On another matter, my mind was screaming "Plot Hole!" when Dany showed up in Xaro's bedroom. Hello, the guy just offed twelve of the most powerful guys in Qarth-- he should have enough guards around his home to withstand three armies. And the guards should definitely have orders to keep an eye out for a certain silver-haired Targaryen who Xaro must know hates his guts now.And meanwhile there's potential plot discontinuity issue looming. Xaro reappears in Book 5, not in a key role (though he may play one in book 6), and we are even told the Pyat Pree is looking for Dany to have his vengence on her. So maybe we can assume that Xaro's servants wake up and get him out of the vault? And that old Pyat Pree really is Undying?What, she couldn't have killed Xaro's guards with the dragons?  Why would they need to show that?  I think Dany having dragons that will breathe fire on command means she can go wherever she wants, pretty much.
558	ser poopypants	2012-06-04	Wight captain? wtf, man.It IS an Other. White Walker. Whatever, you name it. But no, it is not a wight.i'm clutching at straws here. i just don't want the others to be so lame visually. you know how it is: we haven't yet "seen" them in the books and so the tv version is going to colonize our mind's image. plus martin may feel pressure to conform to the series' look once/if he does get around to describing them in more detail.
559	Wolfheart	2012-06-04	Ghost and Grey Wind got hosed this season. Mostly Ghost. I bet non reader audiences think Ghost is gone.
"Missing Direwolf. White fur, red eyes. Goes by the name of Ghost. If seen please contact me at the wildling camp. Thanks, ~Jon Snow"
560	dark  sister	2012-06-04	I also agree that although they didn't show the same things as in the books...there was still quite a lot of symbolism to pick up.I also thought why was it snowing in the Throne Room... and why did it look nearly destroyed. I also noticed that when Dany approached the Iron Throne, she seemed to look at something particular - her eyes were fixed to something at one point. If you are looking at a throne in general your eyes would wonder about.... but her eyes stared at one point... so I though that maybe there was someone there. And did someone realise what was she about to touch? Was it just part of a throne?All her visions included snow..accept the Khal Drogo part.And that I found interesting that she went to Khal Drogo beyond the wall. It means as if... there is something safe for her beyond the wall. When usually everyone knows that nobody goes beyond the wall, thats where the world ends basically. But she found something dearest to her beyond the wall.Also It seems to me that few things are not being mentioned by people here. Things that I found really coool. And they were:JAQEN H'GHAR!!!!! How well was he portrayed by Tom Wlaschiha!!!! He really made the character seem mysterious and dangerous. His firm facial expression which was almost always smiling but you can't really tell if that's a smile or not.  And his tone of voice which knows more than it speaks...calm and solid. Really good job there - was a joy to watch! I will be missing Jaqen - I hope we will see him more.THE DRAGONS!!!! I loved the way they looked. Really good animation there. I liked how they stared at Dany as if waiting/wanting something from her. The voice the dragons make...is really good!!! You can really hear it in a voice that its not your regular cute little pet. There are so many textures to the sound they make.Hey!  Just wanted to let you know that this was a "possible future" of what would have happened, had Aerys allowed the pyromancers to light the caches that were hidden underneath the city (including the Red Keep).  It was either snowing ashes (which can be white) or it was just plain snowing, like "Winter has truly arrived because of what has happened" -- somethin like that.She was staring at the handle of a sword that was affixed to the Iron Throne.  Just one of the many hundreds of swords that were melted, this one had its hilt sticking out.  She wanted to touch it, possibly to see what was underneath. Basically I think the whole idea was to tempt her to dust off the snow/ashes of the Iron Throne and see, finally, the object of her desire.  When that didn't work, they sent her something closer to her heart -- Drogo and a dark haired, purple eyed baby. (I'm still wondering why they didn't get a blond baby, but oh well.)I had a different interpretation of her going through the Wall.  There are many on the forum who are Dany/Jon shippers, hoping they'll get together, and there's that image in the HotU where a blue rose comes out of an ice wall, and its sweet smell fills the air...that might indicate Jon.  And tweaking your theory, maybe it means that it is safe for her to be AT the Wall. With Jon. Somehow.  Anyway, I think it just means that she'll end up on the Wall somehow, whether or not Jon is there.  (Random thought: when Queen Alysanne rode Silverwing to the Wall, how did the dragon not burn away a huge part of ice? I guess because of all the magic that's locked within the Wall, as Melisandre says in book 5.)Totally agree about the dragons, their voices, everything you said.  Spot-on!Jaqen H'ghar was absolutely incredible.  They couldn't have picked a better actor. The only tiny part was when he said "please" to Arya when she had named him to kill himself.  A man would never do such a thing.  But still, I wish he were a main character, I love him so much!  I think I'll write a letter to that actor, telling him what a magnificent job he did.  We both should!  Do you know where he's from?  His accent sounds a tiny bit like Shae's.It seems you really liked the episode, so good on ya mate /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
561	dark  sister	2012-06-04	Ghost and Grey Wind got hosed this season. Mostly Ghost. I bet non reader audiences think Ghost is gone."Missing Direwolf. White fur, red eyes. Goes by the name of Ghost. If seen please contact me at the wildling camp. Thanks, ~Jon Snow" /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />I died laughing.
562	Catastrophe	2012-06-04	For instance -- Theon gives a rousing speech to the Ironborn men, then "Dagmer" knocks him out. (I put that name in quotes because he is not at all like the Dagmer Cleftjaw who was pretty much a foster father to Theon in the book.) So the question is, for not only the book readers but also especially the non-readers: how long had his men been plotting against him? Was it "Dagmer" who convinced the other men that it would be better to abandon their prince (an act of treason) and raze Winterfell to the ground? In other threads there have been discussions about just how much gold is in Winterfell, and the conclusions were: not nearly as much as places like Highgarden, Casterly Rock, or KL. Ok, I guess they could take the tapestries and other valuables, but then what? They become rogues, broken men? What happens when Balon and Asha hear about this?Or was "Dagmer" in some sort of plot with Ramsay? But that wouldn't be possible because they supposedly killed all the ravens. That part was confusing to me. The Ironborn handed Theon over to the Northern army in exchange for being allowed to leave unharmed. This was set up two episodes ago, when Robb told Roose Bolton to have his bastard son release any Ironborn who surrendered, except for Theon himself. The Northmen must've met with Dagmer and the other Ironborn at some point during the night and worked out a deal. As for Winterfell being burned to the ground, that part is really unclear. I'm assuming that the Bastard of Bolton did it, as he did in the books, but it's hard to tell for sure from what little information we've been given.I agree that this whole plot could've been handled much better, the screenwriters made it way too confusing. I can't imagine any casual viewer figuring this out on their own.First of all, THE OTHERS. I tried to explain to her that in the series, they hadn't really explained the difference between a wight and an Other. I then tried to explain it to her, and her befuddled expression spoke volumes. I explained again, and she kind of understood. As the army was passing by, she wondered why Sam wasn't killed by the Other who looked straight at him. I said that I had no idea, I was confused about that as well.Even in the books, the distinction between the Others and the Wights was unclear to a lot of people, so it's not just a problem with the show. (Just look at the ASoIaF General forum, seems like every other week there's someone who read all five books and still doesn't get it.) That's one of the things I really liked about the comic book adaptation of AGoT: It was crystal clear, right from the first few pages, that the Others and the Wights were very different beings.
563	rmholt	2012-06-04	Okay, I haven't been watching the show (no HBO), so all my information is second-hand, but as far as I know, Ramsay's atrocities weren't mentioned in the season as they were in the book, so perhaps D&D didn't show the actual burning to keep viewers in the dark to the fact that it wasn't the Ironborn who did it, making the Bolton's betrayal all the more shocking when it happens.Ramsey is coming
564	rmholt	2012-06-04	NIce Zombie Parade/Apocalypse.
565	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-06-04	my own 2 cents regarding the Theon/Winterfell arc and ending.  In a season which I found enjoyable, changes and all, I found the Theon story to be the most well executed.  Alfie Allen really nailed the character, and some of the most moving scenes of the season were in this bit.
If you've read the books, you ought to be able to predict what happened after Theon is knocked out.  Clearly, Dagmer et al. were taking Robb's offer to turn over Theon, and flee.  What I presume happened was that when the prisoner exchange was made, Ramsay simply kills all the Iron born, puts Winterfell to the torch, and tells everyone Theon did it.
It gives the audience a cliffhanger, regarding Theon; and allows the show to obscure the Bolton treachery for a while longer.  That's important, so that the RW next season comes as enough of a shock.
Further, Theon and Ramsay sort of disappear until what- aDwD?  There's not much they're doing on screen for a while, but I have to assume they're casting Ramsay (see: Stannis treatment, last year).  And they're not going to let Allen go for two years.  My bet is that we get introduced to Reek, another of Ramsay's prisoners, next year.  He toys with Theon in some fashion.  Around the same time the Red Wedding is happening, and the Bolton's treachery is revealed, Reek is revealed as Ramsay, the Bastard of the Dreadfort.  Commence flaying.
566	Nymeria's	2012-06-05	I'm sick of Roz's boobs. Every fricking episode. Whose girlfriend is she? Dan or David's. Finally, an end to Xaro Xhoan Duck Sauce that I liked. Jaquen and the Other's parade made my day. Thank you all for covering my complaints because I can't begin to speak on how much the HotU irked me. I did like the KL throne room scene. Fuckarys!
567	Ghosteline	2012-06-05	Jaqen H'ghar was absolutely incredible.  They couldn't have picked a better actor. The only tiny part was when he said "please" to Arya when she had named him to kill himself.  A man would never do such a thing.  But still, I wish he were a main character, I love him so much!  I think I'll write a letter to that actor, telling him what a magnificent job he did.  We both should!  Do you know where he's from?  His accent sounds a tiny bit like Shae's.It seems you really liked the episode, so good on ya mate /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Hmmm really interesting theories about the Throne Room scene...And the actor who played Jaqen H'gar is from Germany I think /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />... I saw an interview where he speeks German. Well that german accent works for the role /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />... it wasn't so much the accent I was crazy about, it was more as if the ending of every word seemed to fade away somehow. He was like speaking from his stomach and not from his throat. Anyway... I like all these details /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Yes maybe we really should let him know what an awesome job he did!All in all yes, I did enjoy it. I mean there were some scenes which fell flat on me but I don't want to whine about it. ..as there were other awesome things I did enjoy /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
568	Ghosteline	2012-06-05	Jaqen H'ghar was absolutely incredible.  They couldn't have picked a better actor. The only tiny part was when he said "please" to Arya when she had named him to kill himself.  A man would never do such a thing. Ooh... that "please".. hmm.. well actually I had an impression that he said it to play a puppy to Arya (kindly and subtly mocking).
569	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-05	The White Walkers looked incredible. If anyone else has seen that show Face Off on SYFY they have some gifted makeup artists but if this walked in the competition would just end and a winner announced or was that all CG
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 05 June 2012 - 01:30 AM.
570	rmholt	2012-06-05	Ooh... that "please".. hmm.. well actually I had an impression that he said it to play a puppy to Arya (kindly and subtly mocking).I liked it bc Jaqen was totally nonplussed and basically begged her to change her mind. The "please" had the same effect to me, only briefer
571	ashagreyjoys	2012-06-05	edit: wait nevermind
					
					
							Edited by ashagreyjoys, 05 June 2012 - 01:41 AM.
572	MasterDecoy	2012-06-05	im gonna use my first post to say if that you have only watched the show, robb doing what he is doing is consistent with how he has been protrayed so far in the show. the only few times he hasn't acted rashly is when his mom was right there to tell him what to do and even then. couldn't care less how he is in the books and to anyone watching the show it shouldn't either. the sooner some people realize this, the happier they'll be. this "Robb Stark character assassination" is grossly overblown...overall, very good episode but obviously guilty of trying to do too much too quickly. and the lack of budget (still an incredibly expensive show to make mind you ~70 million per season) was painfully clear from episode 7 onwards - forgetting blackwater of course. should be better in that regard from now on since each book will be split into two seasons from now on.
573	bumurutu	2012-06-05	Anyone else notice that the second white walker in the final scene is wearing armor? It appears to be regular leather armor and not the predator style armor we envision from the books. Also, the second walker has a sword while the first has a spear. I'm not sure but I don't remember the walkers ever having spears in the book, only swords.
574	bumurutu	2012-06-05	Anyone else notice that the second white walker in the closing scene is wearing armor? Looks like leather armor to me.
575	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	Ooh... that "please".. hmm.. well actually I had an impression that he said it to play a puppy to Arya (kindly and subtly mocking).That's Jaqen being sexy ;-)
576	Arkash	2012-06-05	One of the guys at the TwoP forum mentionned that the WW spared Sam just like one spared Will in the prologue of the show: because they "yielded", "surrendered"... well, this is not the way of the books, but could work in the TV show.
577	Shienberg	2012-06-05	Non-reader here with a few observations.  Now, I don't mind a spoiler or two and I guess that's why I'm on this thread.  I think hearing the back stories from book readers is really interesting and fills in many gaps - even though most of those observations are rants (I totally get it).  So here's where I am:After Season 1, I'm thinking - great, the Starks are going to King's Landing and are going to get some revenge - obvious story line.  Also - WTF  -are those real dragons?  Yeah, that chick is going to burn some shit down.  Also, why is the coolest Stark (or non-Stark), Jon Snow going to the wall?  Must be pretty pivotal.  Also, I can't wait for Joffrey and his Mom, Uncle/Dad is get theirs.  The Imp is probably the best character on this show.Season 2 has me thinking - Okay, how far does this poor woman have to roam the desert with these dragons?  She's really going to burn shit down now, because really, how are you going to stop a dragon?  Robb Stark is on a mission - wait a minute, who's this chick and why is his quest completely derailed by her?  WTF - they're married - why?  Arya is going to be pretty badass someday and may be the one that avenges her father.  Why hasn't Joffery and his mom been killed yet?  It's going to be awesome when the Lannisters get theirs.  Stannis is pretty cool but that witch he's with will be his demise.  I don't really seeing this guy going anywhere.  How many more characters / families / tribes / magical beings can they introduce this year?  Who sacked Winterfell?  And are they going to be sorry when the Starks get their shit together.This last episode was great - in the context of the others.  I also know that is TV Land, the second to the last episode is always the best and the finale is supposed to set up the next season.  So, I guess Jon Snow will infiltrate the wildlings and destroy them from the inside.  Unlike others, I wasn't confused about his battle with the other "crow."  I thought they explained that earlier.  Arya is on a quest to find her family and the face changer was pretty cool.  Robb Stark probably f'd up pretty good for some unknown reason - I didn't like that whole marriage scene - didn't make sense to me but maybe they have to show the betrayal so that they can kill him off next year.  The Lannisters are still in power and Imp got screwed.  I'm guessing we're not going to see the end of him.  Dany's scene at the magician's tower seemed a little weak and rushed.  As mentioned several times, it's probably much better in the book but I think I got the point with the little foreshadowing they did include.  She probably will be queen soon?  Lastly, the White Walkers seem pretty unstoppable (except maybe for dragons? - hoping).  Nice way to end the season.When I read through this thread and tried to fill in the gaps through character wiki sites, I leave very confused.  So Arya never avenges her father's death but rather will always be on the run and in hiding, eventually moving away from the kindoms?  Tyrion will never be King and also is always on the run, leaving his family behind?  Dany continues to unsuccessfully try to raise armies and never really becomes the queen?  The Starks will basically be no more?  The Lannisters are always in power?  It seems that the most important characters haven't even been introduced and all of the people we've been watching never amount to anything and will constantly be in hiding.  I hope this is not the case and next season doesn't disappoint but if it dragged out like this season did, I may be done.Very spoilery reply from a book reader....Some explanations.The Starks are not no more. Aside from Robb and Ned all of the Starks remain active in the story. Including undead Catlyen who was revived by Thoros of Mir who is another Red priest similar to Melissandre. ( I guess that the Red God gives his priests one dark power, for Mel its shadow babies and for Thoros he can revive the dead, but I think only one dead at a time since Berric seems to do a trade off with Cat...) Anyway Cat is running around with Thoros (who has been mentioned in the show and will be introduced next year) and the Brotherhood Without Banners who have also been mentioned and will be introduced. Rickon is off in Skagos and Davos is off to retrieve him. Bran is in the North but is learning to travel through the Weirwoods. Littlefinger has revealed his plan to return Sansa from hiding to make her claim as the heir of Winterfell since Arya is MIA and peeps think Bran and Rickon are dead. Arya is training with the faceless men. While she is supposed to forget herself completely there are suggestions that she is retaining pieces of her identity such as hiding needle for later use. My guess with Arya is that her desire to get home and try to find Jon or Sansa while begin her plans for vengance will interrupt her faceless men training. She will learn enough to be a competent assassian but leave early and join up with Nymeria to wreck havoc on Westeros. Jon is mostly dead. And any fan of the Princess Bride knows that mostly dead is partly alive. Like all the Stark kids (except Sansa due to the loss of Lady) Jon is a Warg. The end of Dance with Dragons suggests that Jon will live inside ghost while he heals or is frozen for revival. Tyrion is in Mereen (I think, I cant ever keep all the Essos cities straight) with Ser Jorah and Barristan. I believe he will reveal himself to Barristan and assisit with the defense plans for the impending attack. Dany is in a bit of a pickle now but I think the show now more than anything has hinted that her eventual path to Westeros will be bringing her to the Wall and Jon Snow who, by the time she gets there, will ber revealed as Azor Ahai. Jon and Dany will fall in love and Jons Targ identity will be revealed and then one of them will die and the other will rule alone ad George gives us all one last 'fuck you, with love'!Anyway my point is that he spreads the story out rediculously far but there are clear signs that he is pulling it all back together.Dont give up.
578	SerMattHelm	2012-06-05	-  - Theon... gets knocked out for laughs? And then... how exactly do those Ironborn go out of the castle? I guess all those northerners waiting outside just let them go, right? While they carry knocked out Theon? IS THAT RIGHT? Why are those Ironborn carrying Theon at all? And then... why is Winterfell burned at all? Who was fighting?Hi all - first post here.Robb ordered Roose Bolton to give all surrendering Ironborn free passage - all but Theon. I imagine that offer has been somehow conveyed to them. It would be a nice touch if the bastard of Bolton were to be introduced in S3 with a background of flayed staked  Krakens as he obviously betrayed them and butchered them before sacking Winterfell.Some thoughts on Season 2: I thoroughly disliked the Daenerys storyline post-Drogo. She is drifting aimlessly, with no sense of purpose at all beyond an increasingly vague claim to the Iron Throne. This fits in with the adaptation as such: it is not anchored in the history of ASOIAF. Other than Robert's scene in the crypt of Winterfell all the way back in the pilot the series has given us very little of the backstory that is the true foundation of the events we are witnessing. I realize that putting all visions in the HOTU would have been too expensive, but it need not have been realized visually - why not have voices whispering offscreen about the three heads and the three treasons?
579	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-05	She also wondered how the dragonfire didn't burn her but did burn Pyat Pree. That kind of niggled at me as well -- I mean, it was between her, but definitely close enough to cause AT LEAST second degree burns. I don't care how "immune" to fire is (which apparently she's not, if I'm not mistaken - her walking into the flames was a "one time deal").  When she confronted Drogo at the pit I don't think she even got scalded -- I wish Martin would make up his mind!She also didn't understand what Pyat Pree meant about his magic working now that dragons were born.On the HBO website Dany is described as being impervious to fire ("Daenerys is mourning the death of her husband, Drogo, but has not stopped strategizing her return to the Seven Kingdoms to take back the Iron Throne. Impervious to fire, Dany used the heat of Drogo's funeral pyre to hatch the dragon eggs she was given as a wedding gift, and now considers the three young dragons her children").Ok, so why am I talking so much about my mother's reactions to the episode, instead of my own?  The reason is because I think she represents a viewer with above-average intelligence who is absolutely confused by these scenes which they changed and distorted.Do you not think that maybe viewers are supposed to be confused? For example, we're not supposed to know what happened to Theon and Winterfell yet (although it seems quite obvious to readers that the Ironborn handed over Theon and then Bolton's men burned the place).As for the Others... I don't understand the confusion about Sam being spared. The Others do what the Others want. If they want Sam to go back to the Wall, they'll let him go back to the Wall. They're not just mindless killing machines.Ok...The scene between Stannis and Melisandre was utterly ridiculous.  The woman drank POISON and wasn't killed, and she reads her own future in the flames before anyone else's.  For Stannis to choke her, and for her to be at his utter mercy, was soooooo unreal.  When I say unreal, I literally mean, it couldn't have happened.  It did not fit in with either of their characters -- esp Stannis supposedly seeming some bullshit in the flames.  That really irked me.We don't know what happened with Stannis between the end of the Battle of the Blackwater and Davos' rescue -- all we know is that he only saw Melisandre during this time. We also know that this is when he starts to see visions in the fire. So if it "really irked" you here, it should have irked you in the book.
580	SerMattHelm	2012-06-05	As for the Others... I don't understand the confusion about Sam being spared. The Others do what the Others want. If they want Sam to go back to the Wall, they'll let him go back to the Wall. They're not just mindless killing machines.Exactly. Leave someone alive to spread terror...
581	legba11	2012-06-05	What Robb ordered doesnt matter since he ordered it before he knew what was done in the North. Also, the order was completely stupid and nonsensical.Those are not Bolton men arround Winterfell.Who do you think they are?  The show certainly wants us to think they are Bolton's men.
582	Princess of the Night	2012-06-05	I can't believe that it's already over :/ Also, I can't believe how bad season finale was. I expected more, I don't even know why. They've changed the whole season, a lot of stuff doesn't go the way it does in the books. Harrenhall get-away and house of the Undying were a joke. Seriously.
And Tyrion crying because of Shae? Stupid. Really stupid. But I guess that goes with the way that he feels.
And, as far as I understood, Brienne didn't kill anyone until the book 3. Or 4, I can't really remember. And here, she just killed three Stark soliders completely cold blooded.
And why in the seven Hells is Rhaego black haired?!
583	Princess of the Night	2012-06-05	Anyone else notice that the second white walker in the closing scene is wearing armor? Looks like leather armor to me.Lots of them wore armor, if I recall well.. There was even a guy with Stark shield.
584	incarnate	2012-06-05	Confusing episode as a non-book reader:
- Isn't Margery like, too old for Joffrey, shouldn't she be near Sansa's age?
- How did the Iron Men escape and burn Winterfell if northmen were at its door?
- So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire?
- Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic.
- Why did the Others not care about Sam?
585	DaveSumm	2012-06-05	Confusing episode as a non-book reader:- Isn't Margery like, too old for Joffrey, shouldn't she be near Sansa's age?- How did the Iron Men escape and burn Winterfell if northmen were at its door?- So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire?- Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic.- Why did the Others not care about Sam?Yes, Margaery's older than Joffrey but no-one's particularly fussed because the Highgarden(Tyrell)/Lannister alliance is so important.In the books, it's Roose's bastard from the dreadfort who burns Winterfell so I'm not sure whether that was what the implication was here.The House of the Undying is also populated by the undying, but we didn't see them. I imagine Pyat Pree's probably got some fire repelling spells up his sleeve, but this is dragon fire, which burns incredibly hot. Trumps his magic, apparently.I think the chains were Pyat Pree's magic, so when he burned they disintegrated.Not sure. Probably cos it made for a cool scene to be honest, or maybe they have some sort of Borg ethic where if they don't pose a threat they don't bother. Or maybe he thought one of the wights behind him would sort him out.
586	boojam	2012-06-05	We don't know what happened with Stannis between the end of the Battle of the Blackwater and Davos' rescue -- all we know is that he only saw Melisandre during this time. We also know that this is when he starts to see visions in the fire. So if it "really irked" you here, it should have irked you in the book.This kind of surprised me there, thought we would be seeing Davos being rescued from floating wreckage by Salladhor Saan, skipping the elaboration in SoS.I don't know how much they shot in sequence, but Carice van Houten seemed to be given a different demeanor in her last two episodes, for the better. Same goes for Gemma Whelan in her last episode. Lord knows how they are going to write her next season, if she appears at all , she's not even featured in SoS.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 June 2012 - 06:38 AM.
587	Princess of the Night	2012-06-05	He meant the White Walkers, the Others. Not their zombies.And they wear loincloths, not armor.Look at that closing scene again. There are few of them wearing shields, and at the very end, appears one wearing a Stark shield.I don't really understand what you mean by 'Not their zombies.' There is a difference between the Wildlings and The Others. The Others are zombies. And I was referring to them.
588	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	I don't know if anyone said so already (sorry in advance) but viewer numbers for this episode were very high: 4,200
					
					
							Edited by FrozenFire3, 05 June 2012 - 06:52 AM.
589	lojzelote	2012-06-05	Look at that closing scene again. There are few of them wearing shields, and at the very end, appears one wearing a Stark shield.I don't really understand what you mean by 'Not their zombies.' There is a difference between the Wildlings and The Others. The Others are zombies. And I was referring to them.No, they aren't. The wights are thralls of the Others, they're  magically controlled dead bodies. The Others are living beings, probably completely different species that humans.
590	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	I can't believe that it's already over :/ Also, I can't believe how bad season finale was. I expected more, I don't even know why. They've changed the whole season, a lot of stuff doesn't go the way it does in the books. Harrenhall get-away and house of the Undying were a joke. Seriously.And Tyrion crying because of Shae? Stupid. Really stupid. But I guess that goes with the way that he feels.And, as far as I understood, Brienne didn't kill anyone until the book 3. Or 4, I can't really remember. And here, she just killed three Stark soliders completely cold blooded.And why in the seven Hells is Rhaego black haired?!Season 1 was pretty similar to the book, in season 2 they decided to alter a lot of things (quite imposrtant things)... so I hope they won't start changing the whole story line just like they did with True Blood. That would be a pity...
591	DaveSumm	2012-06-05	The Others are zombies.Really needs pinning in bold at the top of all these discussions:The Others also known as the White Walkers: strange race of ice creatures who have fallen into myth in Westeros - it is of these that GRRM said "The Others are not dead. They are strange, beautifulâ<U+0080>¦ think, ohâ<U+0080>¦ the Sidhe made of ice, something like thatâ<U+0080>¦ a different sort of lifeâ<U+0080>¦ inhuman, elegant, dangerous.'Wights: People who have died at the hands of, or possibly in proximity to, an Other or White Walker. They are re-animated corpses who appear to act at the Others behest, or sometimes just killing anything living.It is very confusing, firstly because they both have blue eyes and secondly because, well, wights and white walkers sound like they should be the same thing. I don't really understand the need to name them in such a confusing way to be honest.
592	Princess of the Night	2012-06-05	No, they aren't. The wights are thralls of the Others, they're  magically controlled dead bodies. The Others are living beings, probably completely different species that humans.Now I'm completely lost.In the last scene, there is a dude on a horse, and an army behind him. They have blue eyes, and they had spears and swords made of ice. So, aren't they Others?
593	Princess of the Night	2012-06-05	Oh, wait, I realized now that I've read an article in English.
I guess translation wasn't that good in my language.
I apologize.
594	Rockroi	2012-06-05	Just a quick word of defense for the Dany story-line (and I have to reiterate that I really disliked her story line this season): in the book Dany has very very little time in Clash of Kings.  Dany has FIVE whole chapters (conversely, Tyrion has fifteem).  Therefore, the series had very, very little to go on. I must also repeat something that gets lost on people: in the books, Martin only has to deal with his own tastes and story-constraints in dealing with writing the books; "Dany" has no say in what happens to her.  But in the show there is an actress as Dany and her- and her agents and publicists - demand screen time and explinationsa s to why she cannot be in more episodes.  Same is true for Jaime, Cat, etc etc etc.  The creators have to do something or the major cast members will be problematic and may not return (this has already happened with at least one minor character- Gregor). I bring this up because, well, Dany has to do something.  Now, my gripe is that what they actually did was empty calories; it took up time and space but gave the viewer nothing back in return.  I do not care at all, not even a little bit about a foolish power-grab in Qarth; don't care about the King, how he came from nothing nor the writer's incessent need to mention that every time the guy opens his mouth- a clear sign that the writers have nothing to say.  I don't care about a vault, I don't care about the mercahnts who won't help Dany and I don't care about the politics that have no effect (zero, ziltch, nada) on the story as a whole. Dany's story line would have been perfect had the producers took the approach that "less is more."  JUst minimize her and present the House of the Undying as a great mystery to all (less is more); nobody is certain what happens there etc.  But they have become restless recently etc etc etc.  Prye convinces Dany that he will help her by giving her the secrets of the House- always take the last door on the left etc etc etc.  Maybe put something in there where Dany becomes separated from Drogon if you want to seal the kidnapping angle.  Make it a two-part episode and you're done.  No King of Qarth, no senseless murder scenes (seriously, how easy is it to kill a council of 13?); no kidnapping.  Just a tighter, leaner story.This is why when people say "BAH PURISTS SUCK!!!!!"  Might as well say nothing at all.  Its not "puristy" I'm after; its a soilid story.  Some of my favorite scenes have been ones never touched upon in the books (ie: Cersei and Robert; Stannis and Davos discussing Storm's End; obviously Blackwater was reimagined).  But when you diverge from the story and fill that time up with a void; with vapid and unimaginative details; when the story tells me a lot about "A" but does it at the expense of "B", "C" and "D"; when you turn a porterhouse steak into hamburger, well... I don't have to jump up and say "Thank you, sir, may I have another. That's what Dany's story line was; a lot of filler, a lot of fat, a lot of empty calories that did not advance the story but, instead, drew us away from more interesting lands and more interesting times.
595	White Raven	2012-06-05	It is very confusing, firstly because they both have blue eyes and secondly because, well, wights and white walkers sound like they should be the same thing. I don't really understand the need to name them in such a confusing way to be honest.Maybe because there was also a group called the Others in Lost, so GoT couldn't do that anymore /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The term white walkers is also from the books. Old Nan calls them that way in a story.
596	nymeria235	2012-06-05	I think the main problem with this episode, and the season in general, is an innapropriate allocation of clarity, money and importance to certain scenes. 
The decisions to focus on some things, rather than others have mostly been bad. For example, I don't know if any non-book reader understood anything with the sacking of winterfell. Two minutes of the iron born surrending themselves, two seconds of seeing the troops destroying Winterfell. I understand Ramsay was not cast, and therefore could not be shown, but SOMETHING. 
There was almost no clarification about Jon and QH. The two character's intentions were not clear. Again, two second conversation ''you must do what is right when the time comes, etc". It's not like in the books it was vague; it was VERY clear. 
I do understand not including many visions in the house of the undying, because putting them visually would be giving too much away, and people would be confused. This means that the visions they DID show didn't have to be so....long and drawn out. Would have been a lot more dramatic with shorter, faster paced visions; cutting to seeing Dany a huffin and puffin trying to find a way out/way to her dragons. 
Robb and Talisa getting married in light of the seven was a major dissapointment, thought perhaps it sets the scene for the northermen to not want to follow Robb anymore. They've met him a lot less likeable in the show; I remember in the books I cried A LOT when he died. Dunno if it will have the same effect now...
The scene with Varys and Ros was kind of long, though from HBO's standpoint maybe they're trying to keep the intrigue of book readers? We do want to see what role Ros will play. This will only work, in my opinion, if she remains clothed for the remainder of the season. 
Jaime/Brienne scene was brilliant because it was well acted, but all in all not really relevant to this season. Could have been cut out and shown next season in my opinion.
The last scene dissapointed me the most. A lot could have been cut out, to make it more dramatic. Would have been nice to see reactions also from other men of the night watch as they hear the blasts. On the third blasts everyone shits themselves, we see an army of wights and others. Just to REALLY clarify things, we zoom in to see their blue eyes. All we see are blue eyes, because of the blizzard rampaging all around them. AND THEN THAT'S IT! 
The money saved from doing the CGI this season (they could always do it next!) could have bought: Ghost, maybe a bit more in the house of the undying, like blue flowers mayhaps. Could have perhaps also bought a more dramatic face change, though this I think is too much to hope for. Could have actually scene the destruction of Winterfell happening (through summer's pov), which would have clarified things a lot more. 
I did really love the Arya/Jaquen scene. I love when she says she needs to find her brother and mother ''and my sister too....I need to find my sister". Teared up a bit. The master Luwin scene with Bran and Rickon were also tearjerking. The scene with Tyrion and Shae was....interesting. I have a feeling that Tyrion doesn't 100% buy the fact that Shae truly loves him. He cries because her response is so perfect....also, where he is money is. Shae's responses and declarations of love to Tyrion remind me a bit of Sansa's automatic, defensive words of priase for Joffrey. 
I loved the idea of Xaro ______'s vault being empty. Important lesson to be learned. Interesting, too, since Dany's whole claim to the throne is one empty vault so to speak. Is it just me, or did her whole Khalesar come back from the dead?
I feared that HBO would want to explain what Valor Morghulis is, and I'm happy that we're left not knowing. It was the same way in the books, I remember having the phrase always on the tip of my tongue (just like Arya did) knowing that it meant something profound, but not knowing. Perhaps on this journey Arya undertakes now, she will finally kill someone as we all know she must?
597	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-05	I loved this episode.  So Robb got married by the Seven,  It's the first time they've actually said all the names on the show, so they worked in some exposition there.  Get over it.  But no one ever prays to the Stranger! His altars are given next to no candles in every sept described in the books (whereas the Mother and the Warrior always have tons, and even the Father and the Crone. But the Stranger?) I always felt like the Stranger was kind of like He Who Shall Not Be Named. **There would definitely not be mention of the Stranger in wedding vows.*** This bothered me much more than the fact that Robb was married before the Seven.
598	Serr Parker	2012-06-05	But no one ever prays to the Stranger! His altars are given next to no candles in every sept described in the books (whereas the Mother and the Warrior always have tons, and even the Father and the Crone. But the Stranger?) I always felt like the Stranger was kind of like He Who Shall Not Be Named. **There would definitely not be mention of the Stranger in wedding vows.*** This bothered me much more than the fact that Robb was married before the Seven.I think this shows how blind he's become because of Jeyne (Or her name in the series is it Talisa?), strange because I liked her in the books but in the series I think she came across as a manipulative bitch.
599	TheDarkOne	2012-06-05	I have watched it a few more times since seeing it live and wow does it get worse with repeated viewings.
Robb's wedding, the White Walker that gets funnier each time you watch, the sacking of WInterfell and the kids escaping from...their allies.
Stannis being turned into a Disney villain is unforgivable. It appears he even has his own generic bad guy music now.
I know, I know, we just need to be happy with what we get and accept it for what it is.
What I wonder is just how far off the map we go as the series continues. Season1 was fairly close to book one, this season...well we know how that went. Hopefully next season will be more reasonable as they don't have as much ground to cover and don't have to put half the budget into one episode.
600	Lord Over	2012-06-05	Did anyone else love how the Other/White Walker looked at Sam?
WW: Who the devil are you?
Sam: *whimper*
WW: Gross, you're not even worth the crust off my ice.
Also, 100th post, yay.
601	Valdred Dethstorm	2012-06-05	I didn't get a lot of things...
Why introducing Dontos at all and then making him disappear?
Why making Littlefinger noticing that Arya was at Harrenhal? Why? What was the point?
Why making Theon to kill the two innocent children? Robb and Cat didn't notice so...ehhh...It really took away from them, would have make Jamie's release more logical.
The more I think of a lot of things the more I hate this episode. My first true disappointment with the show.
602	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	I didn't get a lot of things...Why introducing Dontos at all and then making him disappear?Why making Littlefinger noticing that Arya was at Harrenhal? Why? What was the point?Why making Theon to kill the two innocent children? Robb and Cat didn't notice so...ehhh...It really took away from them, would have make Jamie's release more logical.The more I think of a lot of things the more I hate this episode. My first true disappointment with the show.Dontos still can be used in the next season.  LF did get rid of the buffer between he and Sansa from her knowledge, but Dontos can still be used in the same capacity to pass messages so that LF is not seen again with her.LF has the knowledge of Arya and, I'm assuming, at this point still believes she is there.  His plan might be now to get someone there to pick her up to find out she has left. Theon killing the kids was used to prove to the people of WF that he did have the spine to act on his words - it wasn't just for the storyline of the other characters.Now, do I agree with those decisions?  the Dontos/LF one - no, I think that is a greatly missed opportunity to have LF come out of no where when she does escape.  If, of course, they have her escape the same way.The LF/Tywin/Arya triangle...yeah, now, not really sure what it does except alllow LF to say he knows she is alive.  Er, was alive.  Actually, at this point, it doesn't do anything since he could have just as easily said before "I can get your daughter" to Cat as he can now.
603	Serr Parker	2012-06-05	Did anyone else love how the Other/White Walker looked at Sam?WW: Who the devil are you?Sam: *whimper*WW: Gross, you're not even worth the crust off my ice.Also, 100th post, yay.This was my biggest criticism, either have Sam go unnotice or have him use the Dragon glass and kill the other. Just having him sat there whimpering was stupid, the others are supposed to be heartless bastards
604	Kaitscralt	2012-06-05	Really hope about 85% of this forum stops watching the show next season, it pains me to see people torture themselves with something they don't enjoy. There are better ways to spend your time.
605	True Northerner	2012-06-05	Perhaps this has been said? I wanted to read all  18 pages of comments, but alas, I do have to do work while at work /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
The HOTU.. I think it was brilliant! Why? Because instead of giving book readers prophecies and visions we already knew about and hashed out to death, they gave us something new to ponder. Like bonus material. Dany walking into a destroyed red keep and a throne room covered in SNOW? THEN walking out onto the wall to meet her deceased husband? So much to ponder.
Sure they could have given what was described in the book, but like I said, book readers already hashed out those prophecies to death. So thank you HBO for giving us more material to ponder. I feel like it was a bonus.
					
					
							Edited by True Northerner, 05 June 2012 - 08:32 AM.
606	legba11	2012-06-05	Confusing episode as a non-book reader:- Isn't Margery like, too old for Joffrey, shouldn't she be near Sansa's age?- How did the Iron Men escape and burn Winterfell if northmen were at its door?- So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire?- Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic.- Why did the Others not care about Sam?Margery is older, but... well... just wait until ...It is pretty consistent with many "sorcerer" archetypes that they are devastatingly powerful when allowed to prepare and launch their attack, but painfully weak when attacked while unprepared.  I would have preffered they had the warlocks age the dragons a bit  to make the fire look a bit more proportional to their size,  As others said, the chains (and the whole power of the house) seemed to be a part of PP, when he dies, so did it.  We don't know what the Other thought about Sam, maybe he was more focused on their current mission (kill the intruders at the fist), maybe his cry was an order for some wights to go eat him, maybe the obsidian was sensed and he decided to leave well enough alone (since Sam wasn't attacking him with it).  We know Sam is going to involved in the rout from the Fist to Craster's next season, so he's going to be running from them in a moment anyway.As for confusing my non-readers, I'm happy GOT doesn't assume we (the audience) are all boobs and can think for ourselves.  Most TV assumes we are idiots and beats you over the head with any plot point.  Both of my non-book watchers understood the Quorin/Jon scene perfectly.  Though one of them saw it coming when Quorin pushed him down the hill.Now I'm completely lost.In the last scene, there is a dude on a horse, and an army behind him. They have blue eyes, and they had spears and swords made of ice. So, aren't they Others?Others are the intelligent, thinking beings who are the real danger.  They are the ones who threatened the Rangers in Ep 1.1, they are the ones who Craster deals with.  They are the ones you saw on the horses doing things (maybe some were walking too, it was a wide shot).  Wights (in modern fantasy this refers to a higher grade of zombie) are the dead people they reanimate.  They both have the blue eyes.LF has the knowledge of Arya and, I'm assuming, at this point still believes she is there.  His plan might be now to get someone there to pick her up to find out she has left.Theon killing the kids was used to prove to the people of WF that he did have the spine to act on his words - it wasn't just for the storyline of the other characters.The LF/Tywin/Arya triangle...yeah, now, not really sure what it does except alllow LF to say he knows she is alive.  Er, was alive.  Actually, at this point, it doesn't do anything since he could have just as easily said before "I can get your daughter" to Cat as he can now.This is my complaint.  Arya is a VERY valuable peice in the Game of Thrones.  Once LF found out Tywin did not know who he had, I can't fathom him not making some sort of plan to get control of her before he left Harrenhall.  It's like seeing a $100 bill across the street and assuming it will still be there when you walk back.  It seems to me like sloppy writing, where they though "It would be great to add some  drama to scene with Tywin and LF and have him notice Arya", but never then went forward and altered the outline for future episodes to deal with it.
607	tyrus	2012-06-05	Very spoilery reply from a book reader....Anyway my point is that he spreads the story out rediculously far but there are clear signs that he is pulling it all back together.Dont give up.Thanks much.  I'm glad that things eventually get brought back together.  Sometimes it seems to ramble a bit - especially for a tv viewer.  That combo of 100's of characters, fantasy, and making up magical powers tend to lose your average HBO audience.  Thanks again.
608	never trust a bard	2012-06-05	Where was Hodor's Bran Bjorn? lol
Everyone is so dissapointed, but I am happy with the episode.  The series standing alone, it was a fantastic season.  Reeds cast for next season!!!!!!!!!!  WHoo hoooo!!!
609	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-05	ummmm..... Did i hear that Hodor said "my lord" just when they left Luwin at the weirwood? He said it softly but i still heard it.
610	Jessica Bendis	2012-06-05	ummmm..... Did i hear that Hodor said "my lord" just when they left Luwin at the weirwood? He said it softly but i still heard it.I just rewatched that scene. I heard him say "Hodor".
611	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-05	It must be how he said it and mumbled it a little. ughh... hearing things.
612	rmholt	2012-06-05	That's Jaqen being sexy ;-)Boy would THAT be wasted on Arya
613	rmholt	2012-06-05	Wight captain? wtf, man.It IS an Other. White Walker. Whatever, you name it. But no, it is not a wight.Doing a rereading and discovered that in addition to all the other things the Others are also a mist.  As Jaime said about the shadow baby, how to you fight a [mist]Hoping to see Ice SPiders before I die.
614	legba11	2012-06-05	Rewatch:
It's snow in the Dany's wrecked Iron Throne scene, there are icicles and the set designer talked about on the production HBO Go.
Jorah's look to Dany when he hands her XXD's key is priceless.  'I told you so", and then she concedes the point to him in the next scene with the buying a boat comment.  Excellent.
The second Other is well armored (though not in ice armor). Almost all the wights are wildlings and crows.  A few random ones mixed in.
Jaquan calls her Arya Stark as he leaves, was that in the books also, it's a good period for their relationship. 
On PP's death, the man is immolated in fire by three dragons for a LONG time.  Sheesh, Khal Drogo wouldn't have survived that.
Ygritte is MUCh more appealing when she isn't being the generic spitfire archetype.  I hope they keep her that way.  She was so annoying in her earlier episodes. (much like the book character).
The episode was 63 minutes!
615	rmholt	2012-06-05	If the Ironborn at Winterfell really went home and gave Theon to the northerners outside, who are the dead guys in Winterfell and how come Winterfell was left a smoking ruin?  Hard to have a fight when on side vanishes.  Talking about the movie not the book
616	rmholt	2012-06-05	Yeah, the topper to the shit Robb/Talisa story was the wedding with the wrong gods. I understand why they wanted to beef up Robb's story this season, but it didn't work. I was trying to give it the benefit of the doubt, but now that the season is over, I guess the time for that is over.Maybe he did it for Talisa.  Oh wait - she isnt Jeyne. That is really messed up bc they couldnt very well throw in some Volantene god.In the show I like that Shae seems to love Tyrion, but I do miss the book Shae and Tyrion's delusions about her. I am not sure which is more tragic for Tyrion down the line.Shae could easily still be acting. Tyrion didnt truly know she was faking it yet.
617	rmholt	2012-06-05	The Winterfell Weirwood was awesome but did anyone see a face? The intro has one but I didnt see it in the Luwin scene
618	Wyrd One	2012-06-05	If the Ironborn at Winterfell really went home and gave Theon to the northerners outside, who are the dead guys in Winterfell and how come Winterfell was left a smoking ruin?  Hard to have a fight when on side vanishes.  Talking about the movie not the bookI haven't reread book 2 in many years, but speaking from a series only point of view it looked to me like:The Ironborn are in the castle that is beseiged by northman.Theon tries to rile them up to go out and attackHe gets knocked out instead and they say, let's go home.... Something happens that we don't see ...We see Bran and company emerge into a smoking ruin of Winterfell with dead bodies laying around.It seems to me the implication is that the Ironborn opened the gates, the northmen killed them all and set Winterfell on fire, and likely took Theon as a hostage, to reemerge in a later season. I suspect early in season 3 we'll get a flashback scene to show what happened, and they can introduce Ramsey at the start of season 3.  A season finale is a bad time to introduce a new character, so they simply didn't show it yet.
619	rmholt	2012-06-05	It must be how he said it and mumbled it a little. ughh... hearing things.Hint - and hope this isnt a spoiler - Hodor is all he ever says.
620	Brewmaster	2012-06-05	If the Ironborn at Winterfell really went home and gave Theon to the northerners outside, who are the dead guys in Winterfell and how come Winterfell was left a smoking ruin?  Hard to have a fight when on side vanishes.  Talking about the movie not the bookThe Ironborn were slaughtered by Ramsay and his men after turning over Theon anyway.
621	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	The Winterfell Weirwood was awesome but did anyone see a face? The intro has one but I didnt see it in the Luwin sceneThat tree definitely has a face in it - from the angle they are shooting his scenes there it might not have been as clear, but I do remember seeing one in that set before.
622	dark  sister	2012-06-05	On the HBO website Dany is described as being impervious to fire ("Daenerys is mourning the death of her husband, Drogo, but has not stopped strategizing her return to the Seven Kingdoms to take back the Iron Throne. Impervious to fire, Dany used the heat of Drogo's funeral pyre to hatch the dragon eggs she was given as a wedding gift, and now considers the three young dragons her children").I haven't read the HBO website.  I considered SSM to be a better source.  I mean, if Martin says that her walking into the fire was a "one time deal" then HBO must be wrong.  And it just doesn't make sense that a mortal being could be impervious to fire.  That means that Daenerys is not human.  Well, maybe she's not, and I'm sure you'd love it if she weren't (not mocking, I just know you really like her character and might think it cool if she were something extra special).  However, I personally would think it a bad choice (to make her impervious to fire).Do you not think that maybe viewers are supposed to be confused? For example, we're not supposed to know what happened to Theon and Winterfell yet (although it seems quite obvious to readers that the Ironborn handed over Theon and then Bolton's men burned the place).I think it's only obvious to the book readers what happened, since we know the actual plot, not the modified one.  Viewers being confused is one thing -- utterly befuddled is quite another.  Of course, I haven't taken a poll or anything, but it seems to leave one not so much as "in suspense" but "in a bewildered state".As for the Others... I don't understand the confusion about Sam being spared. The Others do what the Others want. If they want Sam to go back to the Wall, they'll let him go back to the Wall. They're not just mindless killing machines.If the Others do what the Others want, you can't say they're NOT just mindless killing machines.  Because no one knows what their motives are.  I'm just going by what was in the book.  This is the book spoilers discussion, after all, and they did want to kill him.  They might have had him just run with Grenn and Dolorous Edd, and then pan back to what was following behind them.  That would have incurred more of a sense of terror, imho.We don't know what happened with Stannis between the end of the Battle of the Blackwater and Davos' rescue -- all we know is that he only saw Melisandre during this time. We also know that this is when he starts to see visions in the fire. So if it "really irked" you here, it should have irked you in the book.No, we don't know.  That wasn't my problem with the scene.  My problem was with his choking her, and I don't recall his seeing things in the flames.  When does he see visions in the book?  I don't remember that.  All I remember is Axell Florent claiming that he saw visions.And why do you sound so hostile in your post?
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 05 June 2012 - 11:41 AM.
623	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-05	That's what Dany's story line was; a lot of filler, a lot of fat, a lot of empty calories that did not advance the story but, instead, drew us away from more interesting lands and more interesting times.Dany's story is mostly filler, and I think there's a pretty logical reason for that:The series was supposed to be only three books long.  In a three book series, Dany's arc is pretty clear.  Book 1 is her marrying Drogo, Drogo dying, and her hatching the dragons.  Book 2 is her dragons growing up (remembering the 5 year "gap" that was supposed to happen) and her gathering forces, and Book 3 was going to be her return to Westeros.I think what happened is that the story of what was happening in Westeros expanded because of massive content and complexity, first to four books, then six, and now seven.  But there really wasn't ever a seven book storyline for Danaerys in Essos.  So, to a large extent, Danaery's story was artificially expanded with a bunch of filler so that she didn't just not appear in a bunch of books.  In essence, she's marking time while the rest of the story catches up, and that's how GRRM ended up stuck in the infamous "Meereenees Knot", and why Danys' chapters have seemed to drag.  It's because it was never intended that there would need to be so many chapters in the first place.I would not be at all surprised if the showrunners varied significantly from the books with respect to Danaerys.  They want her to have an interesting, compelling story of her own, and I'm not sure they can find that just in the books themselves without some pretty significant changes.
624	dark  sister	2012-06-05	Just a quick word of defense for the Dany story-line (and I have to reiterate that I really disliked her story line this season): in the book Dany has very very little time in Clash of Kings.  Dany has FIVE whole chapters (conversely, Tyrion has fifteem).  Therefore, the series had very, very little to go on.I must also repeat something that gets lost on people: in the books, Martin only has to deal with his own tastes and story-constraints in dealing with writing the books; "Dany" has no say in what happens to her.  But in the show there is an actress as Dany and her- and her agents and publicists - demand screen time and explinationsa s to why she cannot be in more episodes.  Same is true for Jaime, Cat, etc etc etc.  The creators have to do something or the major cast members will be problematic and may not return (this has already happened with at least one minor character- Gregor).I bring this up because, well, Dany has to do something.  Now, my gripe is that what they actually did was empty calories; it took up time and space but gave the viewer nothing back in return.  I do not care at all, not even a little bit about a foolish power-grab in Qarth; don't care about the King, how he came from nothing nor the writer's incessent need to mention that every time the guy opens his mouth- a clear sign that the writers have nothing to say.  I don't care about a vault, I don't care about the mercahnts who won't help Dany and I don't care about the politics that have no effect (zero, ziltch, nada) on the story as a whole.Dany's story line would have been perfect had the producers took the approach that "less is more."  JUst minimize her and present the House of the Undying as a great mystery to all (less is more); nobody is certain what happens there etc.  But they have become restless recently etc etc etc.  Prye convinces Dany that he will help her by giving her the secrets of the House- always take the last door on the left etc etc etc.  Maybe put something in there where Dany becomes separated from Drogon if you want to seal the kidnapping angle.  Make it a two-part episode and you're done.  No King of Qarth, no senseless murder scenes (seriously, how easy is it to kill a council of 13?); no kidnapping.  Just a tighter, leaner story.This is why when people say "BAH PURISTS SUCK!!!!!"  Might as well say nothing at all.  Its not "puristy" I'm after; its a soilid story.  Some of my favorite scenes have been ones never touched upon in the books (ie: Cersei and Robert; Stannis and Davos discussing Storm's End; obviously Blackwater was reimagined).  But when you diverge from the story and fill that time up with a void; with vapid and unimaginative details; when the story tells me a lot about "A" but does it at the expense of "B", "C" and "D"; when you turn a porterhouse steak into hamburger, well... I don't have to jump up and say "Thank you, sir, may I have another.That's what Dany's story line was; a lot of filler, a lot of fat, a lot of empty calories that did not advance the story but, instead, drew us away from more interesting lands and more interesting times.Man, you are just DEAD ON.  You said so eloquently exactly what I was thinking.  Kudos!!!
625	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	Boy would THAT be wasted on Arya /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
626	A Clash of Crows	2012-06-05	Man, you are just DEAD ON.  You said so eloquently exactly what I was thinking.  Kudos!!!I wonder if they would have been better off having her just come out of the Red Waste and end up in Astapor. The only value her whole story line gives this season is another level of confidence for Dany: She tries to negotiate; People don't take her seriously; She learns how powerful her magic is/the dragons are; She embodies the "true" Targaryan conqueror traits. I feel like they could have done all of that in Astapor through the process of negotiation for the army, then decides to burn the slave masters. The same points get across and you don't affect the rest of the storyline in any significant way. Just end her arc this season with her forceful taking of a powerful army and start season 3 with her charging through Yunkai(?) and Mereen(?).There's plenty in those stories if they wanted to drag it out too, but the Qarth story didn't seem to add anything the later storylines couldn't handle on their own
627	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-05	I haven't read the HBO website.  I considered SSM to be a better source.  I mean, if Martin says that her walking into the fire was a "one time deal" then HBO must be wrong.  And it just doesn't make sense that a mortal being could be impervious to fire.  That means that Daenerys is not human.  Well, maybe she's not, and I'm sure you'd love it if she weren't (not mocking, I just know you really like her character and might think it cool if she were something extra special).  However, I personally would think it a bad choice (to make her impervious to fire).I never said she was impervious to fire in the books, so I don't understand what your point is. I said that the show have defined her as immune to fire on their own website, so within the show!universe she is apparently immune to fire. And I'm sorry but this is a fantasy series with wargs and greenseers; I have trouble believing that humans cannot be immune to fire.I don't really need her to be something extra special... She walked into a fire and brought dragons back to life. She's special enough to me! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I think it's only obvious to the book readers what happened, since we know the actual plot, not the modified one.  Viewers being confused is one thing -- utterly befuddled is quite another.  Of course, I haven't taken a poll or anything, but it seems to leave one not so much as "in suspense" but "in a bewildered state".That's why I said "it's obvious to readers". It's deliberately confusing to non-readers.If the Others do what the Others want, you can't say they're NOT just mindless killing machines.  Because no one knows what their motives are.  I'm just going by what was in the book.  This is the book spoilers discussion, after all, and they did want to kill him.  They might have had him just run with Grenn and Dolorous Edd, and then pan back to what was following behind them.  That would have incurred more of a sense of terror, imho.The Others wanted to kill him in the books -- that doesn't mean that they always want to kill everything. Perhaps the Others thought that leaving someone alive would help spread their message?No, we don't know.  That wasn't my problem with the scene.  My problem was with his choking her, and I don't recall his seeing things in the flames.  When does he see visions in the book?  I don't remember that.  All I remember is Axell Florent claiming that he saw visions.And why do you sound so hostile in your post? If I recall correctly, Stannis sees the Others attacking the Night's Watch at the fist of the first men (ASOS: Davos IV).I apologise for coming across as hostile. I'm just trying to clear some things up.
628	Burt Clegane	2012-06-05	Dany, throughout the series, has shown that she is impervious to heat (boiling bath water, bonfire, hot eggs, etc.). It's established to the viewers now. She isn't going to get a 2nd degree burn of one of her own dragons.
629	Wyrd One	2012-06-05	Dany, throughout the series, has shown that she is impervious to heat (boiling bath water, bonfire, hot eggs, etc.). It's established to the viewers now. She isn't going to get a 2nd degree burn of one of her own dragons.It's also established that dragonfire can melt stone (Harrenhall) where normal fire can't even touch it, so dragon fire is like a step above natural fire.  She can definitely withstand natural fire, but I was wondering if dragon fire would be hot enough to burn a Targaryen.  It appears it is not.
630	Nahlim	2012-06-05	Dany, throughout the series, has shown that she is impervious to heat (boiling bath water, bonfire, hot eggs, etc.). It's established to the viewers now. She isn't going to get a 2nd degree burn of one of her own dragons.I think she is impervious to dragonfire in the books, too. ADWD Spoiler:
	Spoiler When she faced Drogon in the arena it is said that her hair burned down, but she was fine.
As for her arc in the second season, I think the whole point of it was her getting involved in politics and schemes, so she can learn a lesson there as well.I like when things are different in the show because it keeps me interested in watching it.
631	Mista C	2012-06-05	Man, am I down in the dumps since the screen faded to black Sunday night... I can't believe that we have to wait 10 months for Season 3.  To pass some of the time, I'm planning on doing a re-read of SoS and FFC, then I will read ADWD for the first time.
632	Burt Clegane	2012-06-05	Well, Targayens can be burned (Viserys), it's just "The Dragon" that can't be.
633	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-05	Theon scene was hilarious...'nough said...I was ROFLMAO after that scene...."and whoever kills that guy blowing that FUCKING horn will have a statue..."Still chuckling over that one.
634	starki	2012-06-05	Not quite as epic as Blackwater, but still good.
LOL...@Theon yapping about killing everyone and being famous *whack*  "Let's go home".
Daenerys ruled this episode.I think I prefer TV Daenerys over book Daenerys. Same goes for Jon Snow.
635	starki	2012-06-05	BTW...(without any DWD spoilers please) why is Sam still alive at the end of this episode ? I mean I know he has a role in future books but they could have done this differently. The Others would not let anyone live...so why Sam ?
636	Lord Over	2012-06-05	This was my biggest criticism, either have Sam go unnotice or have him use the Dragon glass and kill the other. Just having him sat there whimpering was stupid, the others are supposed to be heartless bastardsWho knows, mayhaps George let the producers in on some of his secrets and that the 'Others' are the 'Good guys'. See what I did thar? I pulled a LOST reference. Har!I'll let myself out.
637	Istari	2012-06-05	When she faced Drogon in the arena it is said that her hair burned down, but she was fineI'm pretty sure her hands are burned as well:page 929, aDWD (my copy):"Her skin was pink and tender, and a pale milky fluid was leaking from her cracked palms, but her burns were healing"
638	Nukelavee	2012-06-05	If Osha and Ygritte are both wildings, why is Osha so fucking weird all teh time?
I realized a few episodes I watch this because some of teh actors are amazing, even tho the adaptation is more crap than gold.
I also realized I skipped quite a few scenes this season...like, every sex scene in the last 3 episodes, plus Robb's wedding.
639	Fancy Peasant	2012-06-05	I really liked most of it. I agree with most of the criticisms people have laid forth, but I still got a good feeling - especially concerning all things Winterfell. The only thing I didn't like was the appearance of the White Walker, not very elegant.
640	Nahlim	2012-06-05	I'm pretty sure her hands are burned as well:page 929, aDWD (my copy):"Her skin was pink and tender, and a pale milky fluid was leaking from her cracked palms, but her burns were healing"Okay. I remember now, too. My mistake. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Now I don't really get the point of the pyre scene (except the dragon hatching).
641	Istari	2012-06-05	No problem /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
I'm pretty sure that within the SSM archives GRRM mentions that the Pyre burning was a one-timer and under special circumstances. 
But, it is also very possible that Dany may be impervious to 'regular fire', but vulnerable to Dragon's fire.
642	Anarchosaurus Rex	2012-06-05	I thought this episode was extremely anticlimactic, and arguably the worst of the entire season. A few minor changes here and there snowballed into some very awkward culminations of CoK arcs.
First, Theon. When Theon killed Rodrik, that set problems in motion. Now there was no obvious choice for a leader of the Winterfell liberation force. Then Reek/Ramsay was excluded, meaning there would be no treachery from within. Still, they had Roose discuss sending Ramsay to free Winterfell. Even without Ramsay's deception of Theon and ambush of Rodrik, Ramsay still could have besieged and razed Winterfell. Instead, Theon's own Ironmen knocked him unconscious and dragged him offscreen. Even after Theon was unconscious, there was still a chance for him to regain consciousness during the razing, and perhaps see clues regarding what happened, like Bolton banners, Northern garb, etc. Instead, Bran and company find Winterfell already burned, with no context whatsoever. For all viewers know, the Ironmen were responsible, or maybe a kitchen wench left a kettle over the fire. Even after all that confusion, Luwin had a chance to clarify the situation to Osha, but did not. No one thought to ask the obvious, like "why is Winterfell on fire?"
What was perhaps one of the most sinister moments in CoK (if not ASOIAF) was completely removed from the show, and replaced with awkward confusion. Not only was the moment itself removed, but also any description of that moment was removed. At best, viewers will learn what happened long after the fact, but the moment is gone. Damn shame, because what they did do with Theon's arc was wonderful. It seemed like the show was trying for a cliffhanger, but instead of suspense there was just confusion.
Second, Robb. Wow, what can be said? They completely changed his arc, and not just because they replaced Jeyne Westerling ("Hi, I'm Jeyne of House Westerling") with Talisa ("Hi, I'm from a place not even relevant in the books, and have a backstory that reads like a college application"). Robb hooks up with Jeyne when he is wounded and upset over news about Bran/Rickon, and then marries her for his honor's sake. In short, Robb repeats Ned's mistake of placing his personal honor above his duty to protect his people. On the show, as of now, no one has even heard about Bran/Rickon, and Robb marries Talisa for love. The changes make him less of his father's son (which is a theme throughout the first three books) and more of just a headstrong teenager, in effect removing the tragedy of his character. Plus the show never portrayed Robb as the vulnerable young man thrust into leadership, but as a fearsome warrior king. Robb's whole storyline has become a cliche.
Third, Jon. WTF. Now instead of Jon killing Qhorin (at his command) in order to infiltrate the wildlings, it was just a cold-blooded act of rage. Why the show failed to establish any kind of plan between Jon and Qhorin is absolutely astounding. Qhorin could have even whispered something cryptic to Jon during their fight. Regardless of what happens, Jon's motives in that moment will always have been murderous, not self-sacrificial. How the show will even establish his plan to infiltrate the wildlings - since he has no one with whom to talk, and voiceovers are out of the question - remains an issue.
Fourth, House of the Undying. The scene with Khal Drogo was overdrawn. Really, while season 2 is eviscerating CoK material, it is bringing viewers back to season 1? No Red Wedding, no Rhaegar/Elia ("the dragon has three heads"), no mummer's dragon, no corpse at the prow of a ship, no three fires/mounts/treasons, no goddamn blue flower at the Wall, but a long talk with Drogo. The HOFTU basically lost all its significance on the show, and just became about closure for Dany.
Sorry, but what the hell were the writers smoking?
Oh, but at least we got a long, heartfelt, totally canonical scene with Tyrion and Shae /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />
643	legba11	2012-06-05	BTW...(without any DWD spoilers please) why is Sam still alive at the end of this episode ? I mean I know he has a role in future books but they could have done this differently. The Others would not let anyone live...so why Sam ?Already answered this, but it's a long thread.  We don't know why since we know basically nothing about them. Maybe the howl was an order for some wights to kill him.  Maybe they were focused on their current task (getting to the Fist) and couldn't be bothered.  Maybe he "sensed" the obsidian that Sam (likely) has and decided that this guy is able to kill me and is cowering and best to leave well enough alone rather than force him into a fight.  Maybe he is about to turn and impale him on his spear and he decided to shout, "Who wants bacon?" before he did it.  Maybe he has good (but not good enough) insight into humans and sees a craven who is harmless but will perfectly spread the terror of facing his army, thus destroying the morale of his enemies.  They are (possibly) completely inhuman creatures, trying to apply our motives to them is not likely to come up with good results.They do not look like some sort of frozen Yetties like the show is showing them.Nor do they let anyone go anywhere, except as their own new zombie.Tell that to Craster.
644	Istari	2012-06-05	Second, Robb. Wow, what can be said? They completely changed his arc, and not just because they replaced Jeyne Westerling ("Hi, I'm Jeyne of House Westerling") with Talisa ("Hi, I'm from a place not even relevant in the books, and have a backstory that reads like a college application"). Robb hooks up with Jeyne when he is wounded and upset over news about Bran/Rickon, and then marries her for his honor's sake. In short, Robb repeats Ned's mistake of placing his personal honor above his duty to protect his people. On the show, as of now, no one has even heard about Bran/Rickon, and Robb marries Talisa for love. The changes make him less of his father's son (which is a theme throughout the first three books) and more of just a headstrong teenager, in effect removing the tragedy of his character. Plus the show never portrayed Robb as the vulnerable young man thrust into leadership, but as a fearsome warrior king. Robb's whole storyline has become a cliche.That's a good point. IIRC, Cat mentions on several occasions that 'Robb is so much like his father'. In the show, on the other hand, he is nothing like Ned (in my opinion), which is disappointing for the reason you mentioned: his likeness to Ned's character is a theme throughout the first three books
645	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-05	I'm pretty sure her hands are burned as well:page 929, aDWD (my copy):"Her skin was pink and tender, and a pale milky fluid was leaking from her cracked palms, but her burns were healing" Her hands weren't burned by fire -- she was burned by the spear that had started to melt within Drogon. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
646	Istari	2012-06-05	Her hands weren't burned by fire -- she was burned by the spear that had started to melt within Drogon. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Now I'm confused..... if she is impervious to fire then 'things that have been caught on fire' shouldn't burn her either.... But, on the other hand, if she is is not impervious to fire, then being burned by the whip she was holding would make sense....
647	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-05	Now I'm confused..... if she is impervious to fire then 'things that have been caught on fire' shouldn't burn her either.... But, on the other hand, if she is is not impervious to fire, then being burned by the whip she was holding would make sense.... Things caught on fire =/= things that are boiled. And it was not a whip; it was a melting spear.I don't think she's immune to fire in the books, but as the HBO site have described her as being "impervious to fire", I think it's pretty clear that she's immune to fire within the tv universe.
648	pleonasm	2012-06-05	I thought this episode was extremely anticlimactic, and arguably the worst of the entire season. A few minor changes here and there snowballed into some very awkward culminations of CoK arcs.First, Theon. When Theon killed Rodrik, that set problems in motion. Now there was no obvious choice for a leader of the Winterfell liberation force. Then Reek/Ramsay was excluded, meaning there would be no treachery from within. Still, they had Roose discuss sending Ramsay to free Winterfell. Even without Ramsay's deception of Theon and ambush of Rodrik, Ramsay still could have besieged and razed Winterfell. Instead, Theon's own Ironmen knocked him unconscious and dragged him offscreen. Even after Theon was unconscious, there was still a chance for him to regain consciousness during the razing, and perhaps see clues regarding what happened, like Bolton banners, Northern garb, etc. Instead, Bran and company find Winterfell already burned, with no context whatsoever. For all viewers know, the Ironmen were responsible, or maybe a kitchen wench left a kettle over the fire. Even after all that confusion, Luwin had a chance to clarify the situation to Osha, but did not. No one thought to ask the obvious, like "why is Winterfell on fire?"What was perhaps one of the most sinister moments in CoK (if not ASOIAF) was completely removed from the show, and replaced with awkward confusion. Not only was the moment itself removed, but also any description of that moment was removed. At best, viewers will learn what happened long after the fact, but the moment is gone. Damn shame, because what they did do with Theon's arc was wonderful. It seemed like the show was trying for a cliffhanger, but instead of suspense there was just confusion.Sorry, but what the hell were the writers smoking?Given how little screentime was actually given Roose and the fact they wanted to spend so much time with Arya and Tywin at Harrenhal it would have made a heck of lot more sense to have Roose offscreen for all of Season 2. Instead cast Ramsey Snow. Roose could have been referred to by Robb as leading his armies in the East while Ramsey and a small contingent of his men are brought to Winterfell as prisoners by Ser Roderick Cassell for  crimes committed against Lady Hornwood (all offscreen). Luwin could suggest imprisonment for Ramsey until Robb returns North as he is Roose's only remaining son and Roose's forces are critical to the war effort.For simplicity, the Reek subplot can be dropped, but Ramsey and his men could then be freed by Theon when he seizes Winterfell. Everything plays out in pretty much the same way only Ramsey nudging Theon along the dark path.The final episode ends with Ramsey and his men turning on Theon following Theon's big speech, killing the Iron islanders and capturing Theon. Ramsey stabs Luwin and announces they are going to massacre the remaining inhabitants at Winterfell and burn it to the ground to remove any evidence of his role. They will then rejoin the Northern forces outside the wall. We now have motivation for Luwin to suggest Bran and Rickon head to the wall and explanation for the burning of Winterfell.This hints at the duplicity of the Boltons but doesn't specifically give away Roose's future plans.Its simplier, more coherent, and more closely aligned to the book.
649	Ser Steven	2012-06-05	Qharin's speech to John in Ep 8
QH: Mance is gonna march on The Wall, and when he does, one brother inside is gonna be worth a 1000 against him.
JS: They'll never trust me!
QH: They might, if you do what needs to be done.
JS: What?
QH: Rant about John being a traitor
Seems pretty obvious to me.
650	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-06-05	Yeah, re: Jon killing the Halfhand:
I've asked several non-book readers I know, all of whom picked up what was going on there.  Would it have been nice to get the conversation between Jon and Qhorin?  You bet.  But Halfhand says some stuff to Jon (see:  the post directly above), and then does a total 180, and starts loudly yelling at Jon.  I thought it was pretty obvious what he was trying to do.  If anything, it makes Jon look like an idiot for not picking up on it sooner.  None the less, it helps externalize Jon's conflict about keeping his vows later on, when he comes to relate to Mance and the Wildlings, by making it more his choice and less a direct order from Qhorin.
The Halfhand knew what he was doing, and all the Unsullied I know managed to get it just fine.
651	rmholt	2012-06-05	BTW...(without any DWD spoilers please) why is Sam still alive at the end of this episode ? I mean I know he has a role in future books but they could have done this differently. The Others would not let anyone live...so why Sam ?I sure dont know but maybe they were programmed to go after the Fist?
652	rmholt	2012-06-05	I'm pretty sure her hands are burned as well:page 929, aDWD (my copy):"Her skin was pink and tender, and a pale milky fluid was leaking from her cracked palms, but her burns were healing"This was debated recently. She burned her hands pulling a boar spear out of Drogon. Those have wooden handles.  Now, the tip was red hot, melting point of iron. thousands of degreesF.  Wood burns at 450F  BUt 3rd degree burns occur at about 140 degrees F.  So the spear handle is somewhere between 0 and 450.  If she is normal, it is well below ignition, because the burns are second-degree superficial.  So it is only 120 or so.   So either she is heat resistant or she got damn lucky with her timing.  One of the spears did burst into flames.Marie
653	Burt Clegane	2012-06-05	People can nitpick, but like the guy above said, there are definitely clues that the Halfhand sacrificed himself. The conversation above is a giveaway, plus why would he use his final words ("we are the watchers on the wall") to emphasis to Jon his oath rather than, since he was apparently in a blind rage, "you bastard turncloak". 
The sack of Winterfell is just a mystery. People don't need everything tied up for them right away. The unsullied saw the Ironborn "leave to go home", they knew that Bolton said that they would be spared, they knew the Ironborn were going to hand over Theon, so it's a mystery why Winterfell is sacked. Just a mystery...a cliffhanger. Luwin was bleeding from the gut and crawled to safety, it's possible he didn't know either.
654	Lyana	2012-06-05	So, here we go in order of appearance:
The opening scene was nicely done. Tyrion's awakening, still hearing the screams and seeing the fire... and than something alsmost as awful - maester Pycelle's smile. It is a new day. a new hand and a totally new situation. 
The horse shitting was a proper introduction for the proclaiming of the new "heroes of the day". The Tyrells are nailing it and Sansa's smile was priceless. Still don't get why the've cast Dontos, now that we already know who the "secret" helper of Sansa is. But I guess everything LF does, happens for a reason. So we'll just have to wait and see the point of his early revelation.
Soooo, Ros serves some purpose... Not sure what to say about that. If the writers have included her in the final episode and wasted some of their precious time for her, I guess she has some important part to play as a spy for Varys. Either that, or the show just wants to ensure us that Varys is in fact an eunuch.
The Brienne/Jaime part was there just to remind us, that they still exist - the weird lady knight and the man without honour. Those two have great chemistry, so I don't mind the screentime the show makers spent on them.
Well, here's my first minor complaint. As a fresh Stannis fan, I cheered his heroic appearance in the previous episode. But here, him choking Mel, admitting that he killed his brother with a shadow baby (does he even know about this in the book?), complaining about the Red God and right after that suddenly seeing sth in the flames... Seems a bit weird to me. And was that some kind of foreshadowing, about Mel telling him that he will betray everyone and everything? Who is he, the NK?
I liked Theon's scene in the context of the show. Alfie did a great job and didn't make me hate the character less, than I do in the books. Liked the conversation with him and Lewin and he has said it straight - there is no turning back, he went too far already. And the moment with his speech kind of preserved the atmosphere of the books and reminded me again why I like Martin's world so much. In a standard good-bad-guy story, we will see a man give a heroic speech, making his men want to die in a battle for glory. But in GoT... nope! The guy gives a speech only to get hit on the head and betrayed by his own men. Now that's a good story.
I guess the Catelyn/Robb and the Robb/Talissa (don't care how it is spelled) scenes were a necessity to close up Robb's story in season two and to set up the future events that will be of great importance. Here is of course the question abot Bran and Rickon's death. Why haven't they been used as a catalyst for the release of Jaime and the wedding of Robb? That would have been more plausible and wouldn't have made Catelyn and Robb look like complete idiots. The Jeyne/Talissa thing is also a black spot for me, but I hope we will get some good explanation later as the story goes on. I (still) stay optimistic on this one.
Arya's scene was solid. Liked it although Jaquen's question if she would go with him, seemed a bit strange. I hope we get to see him later with his pretty face because the second dude was scary.
Bran and Rickon's scenes were heartbreaking. I wept a tear there, I admit. Good to see at least some direwolves. This is an evidence that all the direwolves did not just magically disappear (perhaps only those beyond the Wall).
And here we come to THE scene that we all have waited for (at least I did) for the whole season. The HoU-scene in the books is the reason for half the topics in this forum. I was eager to see how  D & D will handle this. My expectations were pretty low but I hoped. And the result is .... somehow not surprising. It was kind of a let-down for the book-reader in me. But on the other hand, hey, we can speculate on the TV version as well. And there are some things to speculate on (but in another thread, I know). I knew the writers had two options - either to skip the scene completely (the spoilers are too many and too obvious), or to present entirely new visions, but still related to future events (as they did). I'm pretty sure those are not just some random visions - the show is way better than that. A minor nitpick though: Dany is supposed not to be fireproof in the books. Did the show makers decided to change that? Why on earth would they do that?
I have several posts about the mishandled depiction of Jon Snow in the TV show. I definitely don't like what D & D made of him in the second season, but in episode 8 Qhorin makes very clear his intention about inflitrating Jon into the wildlings as a double-agent. I just hope the non-book readers remembered that. And I will be probably the 999th person to ask that but: Where the hell is Ghost? Is he the worst direwolf ever or what?
The people who bet on the second season's ending with the 3 hornblasts are probably happy. It was a creepy scene and I got goosebumps when I heared that WW screaming (or whatever he was doing). I got some weird feeling about the way they've presented the WWs. They seem more humanoid as I have pictured them - like humans, whose spirit has been taken away or something (Night's King, anyone?). Why did the WW look at Sam and did nothing? Perhaps it has something to do with Coldhands, or who knows. I'm sure that there is some explanation, so I won't be in hurry to criticize. The final look over the army of wights was creepy as hell.
Overall I liked it and look forward for the next season.
655	templar7	2012-06-05	Here are some of my thoughts on the episode, in no particular order /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I pictured the Others as a lot more elegant, but the sword it was holding was fantastic. I am really glad it was white because all of the other times they have shown "others" they seem black, hairy and ape-like, so I'm very happy that it was the ghostly book style.But why does it SEE Sam and not care? That seemed wrong.LOVED Sansa's reaction! Especially because we can't read her thoughts like in the books.Tyrion could have been uglier, but tv Tyrion has always been the prettied up version of book Tyrion anyways lol.House of the Undying was way different, but cool I guess. Liked "vision" of destroyed Red Keep. I really liked putting Doreah in bed with (unspellable-name-without-my-book) and putting them in the empty safe. Bad a$$ moment for Dany.I felt like Luwin's death was kinda anti-climactic (side note: did he want to be killed without milk of the poppy in front of the Heart Tree so that he could be a blood sacrifice to the old Gods...? Thoughts?) but I still got a little choked up /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Theon scene was hilarious...'nough said...Still don't like the way they portrayed both Jon/Qhorin and Robb /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />But as an episode, 10/10 all the way!!!I think the "Other" ignored Sam for the same reason they let Will go at the beginning of season 1. Cinimatically I think it works. Leaving someone to tell the story and spread the fear. I agree as well. The best Episode yet.
656	templar7	2012-06-05	I sure dont know but maybe they were programmed to go after the Fist?They Let Will live in s01e01, why not Sam in this one.
657	incarnate	2012-06-05	Yes, Margaery's older than Joffrey but no-one's particularly fussed because the Highgarden(Tyrell)/Lannister alliance is so important.In the books, it's Roose's bastard from the dreadfort who burns Winterfell so I'm not sure whether that was what the implication was here.The House of the Undying is also populated by the undying, but we didn't see them. I imagine Pyat Pree's probably got some fire repelling spells up his sleeve, but this is dragon fire, which burns incredibly hot. Trumps his magic, apparently.I think the chains were Pyat Pree's magic, so when he burned they disintegrated.Not sure. Probably cos it made for a cool scene to be honest, or maybe they have some sort of Borg ethic where if they don't pose a threat they don't bother. Or maybe he thought one of the wights behind him would sort him out.Thanks! The chain one makes a lot of sense, didn't think about that.
658	templar7	2012-06-05	Qharin's speech to John in Ep 8QH: Mance is gonna march on The Wall, and when he does, one brother inside is gonna be worth a 1000 against him.JS: They'll never trust me!QH: They might, if you do what needs to be done.JS: What?QH: Rant about John being a traitorSeems pretty obvious to me.agreed, no rocket science here
659	CincyBastard	2012-06-05	This is my first post and I just want to say this is an amazing tv series and I can not wait until the third season begins!
660	the stranger in the dark	2012-06-05	Overall the episode was good IMHO. but the episode was not a finale. I would have prefred to have had the blackwater as the Finale and this as the penultamate episode.
The two disappointments for me were; the others and wights. They were just lame and would not have walked past Sam after seeing him.
My second was the house of the undying. I could forgive Blackwater not living up to my multi-billion dollar imagination, but their was nothing in there. My favourtie line was always "go right never go left alwasy go up but never go down" becuase it made the visions she could see on the left a temptaion. Also she sees things which she doesn't understand like the red wedding, which I dont think would spoil it for those who have not read the book. As well as her being able to see her brother for the first time ect. Also I would have loved a scence where she buns down the building and walks out of the fire again.
Although i have these gripes i did enjoy the fact that she locks up Xaro Daxos (sp?) in the vault, and that his welth was an illusion and a trick. Though i must ask how will they bring him back in a coulpe of seaons time. I did not like the idea of her hand maiden betraying her.
I did miss Semly coming at the end to help her but this could wait until the next season.
661	Valdred Dethstorm	2012-06-05	[img]http://i48.tinypic.com/347iemf.png[/img]This scene kind of disappointed me.If I were told of its existence before seeing the episode I wouldn't have believed it.
662	Istari	2012-06-05	This was debated recently. She burned her hands pulling a boar spear out of Drogon. Those have wooden handles.  Now, the tip was red hot, melting point of iron. thousands of degreesF.  Wood burns at 450F  BUt 3rd degree burns occur at about 140 degrees F.  So the spear handle is somewhere between 0 and 450.  If she is normal, it is well below ignition, because the burns are second-degree superficial.  So it is only 120 or so.   So either she is heat resistant or she got damn lucky with her timing.  One of the spears did burst into flames.MarieThanks for clearing that up Marie!
663	Ciglon	2012-06-05	Kind of disappointed how Stannis' character has been all over the place this last series, but hopefully the future episodes will help clear up what kind of man and ruler Stannis is/would be.
I feel that most non-book readers only like the fact that he fought (bravely) against the Lannisters, but there have been hardly any moments that define his character as a just man who believes in ruling with an iron fist ("laws should be made of iron, not of pudding") and ultimately, a man who does not want the crown (unlike every other usurper in Westeros right now), but rather sees that the crown is his by rights and because of his belief of the importance of law to a society, demands that the law be upheld absolutely.
664	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	I believe Davos defines Stannis' character as a just man who believes in ruling with an iron fist. After all he saved Stannis and he still took his fingertips off.  Of course that was before Melissandre.He gets easily manipulted by a fire priestess to do the most unspeakable of deeds to get the crown.  I think they have him pretty spot on. He is a man that has foresaken any honor in his quest for the crown. He will lead any number of men to their deaths if he can see any way for it to propel him to the crown. So I think the show has shown what kind of ruler Stannis would be. It really is the same guy from the books even though the story has changed. His characters essence has been rock solid. Really what they have done with the show is everything that was suggested in the books they have visualized for us. I'm sorry if you believed the rumors weren't true that Stannis was bedding and being ruled by the Fire Priestess. Don't worry I'm sure a few more seasons and they will show how he bullies the Nightswatch to try and give him a seat in the North as well as rope in an army.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 06 June 2012 - 12:38 AM.
665	TheDarkOne	2012-06-06	There seems to be a lot of confusion about Varys and Ros, let me explain...
With LF being involved in the Sansa business next season, he most likely won't be around the whore houses much, therefore denying HBO the ability to shoe horn awkward sex scenes into the show. Vary's establishing a relationship with her means they have justification to keep showing the soft core sex scenes from the whore house as they can construct a sub plot around them and use it as a back drop without being gregariously obvious.
666	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	I sure dont know but maybe they were programmed to go after the Fist? They showed that White Walkers aren't just some mindless creature like you might have thought. The White Walkers are in charge and are leading the wights to battle. The largest battle that has happened north of the wall in a long time.  Any other commander and you are screaming to the roof about why would they slow down their initial assault to take care of one cravin guy.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 06 June 2012 - 01:14 AM.
667	Vhailorian	2012-06-06	I am going to take the road less traveled on this episode...I loved it...with a few reservations.
1. Littlefinger offering help to Sansa: This is likely a good thing for non book readers, and clearly LF needed to be handled in a significantly different manner from the books as so much of what he does is offstage. However, I am still not convinced that overtly showing ALL of his machinations is the way to go. I feel that the TV only people are being robbed of that WTF moment when we all realize that LF is an alpha player.
2. Rob and Talisa: I could nitpick the married in the eyes of the seven thing...but I won't...it has already been covered. Maybe there is a reason the writers did this maybe it was just sloppy. If it was sloppy it wouldn't be the first time...right AND left handed Hound in episode 1 anybody? The Talisa not being Jeyne Westerling and hailing from Volantis is far more irritating...that being said I am still not firmly convinced she is not Jeyne. The letter that Tywin had that was likely sent by her would firmly tie her to the Lannisters and the rest could just be an elaborate and well played ruse. This would add some extra spice if, in the end, she actually fell in love with Rob. I have read crazier things here in my years of lurking...and this seems like a D&D thing to do.
3. House of the Undying: Nice imagery, well acted...but pretty weak sauce for the most part. I applaud the writers for attempting to adjust Dany's relatively sparse story in ACoK, but overall I found the story overwrought and not particularly well thought out. A poor plan by Pyat Pree and no real tension or feeling of threat in the climactic scene. That being said I am fine with the visions as they appeared. We were never going to get what we got in the books...either too explicit spoiler wise, or absolutely no setup to give the visions proper and meaningful context. Criticisms aside, the imagery and acting carried the day and made all of this a net plus for me.
4. The sacking of Winterfell: I have no problem with Dagmar and Co. selling out Theon...and I am pretty sure Ramsay and his men did sack Winterfell. I guess we will have to wait and see. There is some detritus floating around in respect to whether Dagmar and Co. survived and who would and would not know what actually happened...but decent writing can clean all that up.
5. Ros and Varys: Great scene...only meaningless if you are a writer on the show and know where this is going. As none of us write for the show the "meaningless" tag is totally invalid. I had my issues with Ros...particularly that abomination of a scene with the lesbian sexplay and LF arbitrarily spilling his guts...but I got over it. I like Ros...I like Esme Bianco as an actress and I don't care if she is a scrappy and a writers pet...she has a place on this show.
6. Shae and Tyrion: I had some early issues with Sibel Kekilli as Shae and I am still not totally sure she is right for the part, but I blame many of her lower moments in the show on poorly written dialogue and not on her. The scene this week was very good though and the writing for her has been much stronger the last two weeks. Peter Dinklage, of course, steals the scene...but that happens with all but the strongest actors on this show.
Lol...I have lots more, but who will actually read a text wall by a first time poster on page twenty something of a three day old thread. Cheers...Btw thanks to all of you for providing me with hours of interesting and insightful postings since I have lurked here. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Edited to add this: Heh...guess this is my second post...I didn't think my first post went through. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Vhailorian, 06 June 2012 - 01:16 AM.
668	Justin Danford	2012-06-06	Its likely those ironborn didnt make it out.
Showing Ramsey at the start of Ep1 season 3 turning on the ironborn much to their cries of "but you promised..." is a great way to begin characterizing the Bastard of Bolton, followed by "Burn Winterfell down," as a great way to introduce that all is not well in the North.
At that point there would probably be a scene in which Roose tells Cat and Robb that his bastard has sent word that Theon killed the boys and destroyed Winterfell, and that sets up the rest of the narrative: Cat's forlorn attitude, Robbs sadness that probably makes Talissa fall in love with him for real (assuming there is more to her), and the tragedy that becomes the RW.
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 06 June 2012 - 01:58 AM.
669	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	The decisions to focus on some things, rather than others have mostly been bad. For example, I don't know if any non-book reader understood anything with the sacking of winterfell. Two minutes of the iron born surrending themselves, two seconds of seeing the troops destroying Winterfell. I understand Ramsay was not cast, and therefore could not be shown, but SOMETHING.through summer's pov), which would have clarified things a lot more.I feared that HBO would want to explain what Valor Morghulis is, and I'm happy that we're left not knowing. It was the same way in the books, I remember having the phrase always on the tip of my tongue (just like Arya did) knowing that it meant something profound, but not knowing. Perhaps on this journey Arya undertakes now, she will finally kill someone as we all know she must? I don't think it was just a casting thing. They didn't want you to know. They wanted you to know that Bran and Rickon were safe and that Winterfell had been destroyed. Throwing Ramsey in at the end without having anyway to show his character would have been a fail. And this leaves you with lots of open ended ? that you will have to find out next season.  I liked the way they handled J Haggar and Arya this episode as well.
670	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	I agree with the biggest disappointment this episode being Robb marrying under the seven to a Volantene girl. Doesn't make much sense at all.
671	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	The Brienne /Jaimie  scene was huge. It established that Brienne is not Stark, is honorable and is a worthy warrior. Jaimie has never seen her fight. So this gives him an immediate pause as to how his escape is going to happen.
672	Obsidian Knight	2012-06-06	I am disappointed in this episode. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Rob's marriage was something strange. I thought that there would be a moment when she says that she's not from Volantis and her name is Jeyne Westerling. Still I cannot understand why such a departure from the book. And seven gods... when he was so like his father.
Second disappointment was Theon and the fall of Winterfell. Who burned it in the series? Some men from Pyke? No Reeds, no Ramsay, no flayed men.
The scene with Sam was alright though those "men" looked like zombies from some zombie film.
Scene with Dany was bad. I liked Drogo and the baby, but I've waited for more.
Brienne seemed very merciless though in the book she found it difficult to kill.
Where's Dontos?
Ah, and Stannis strangling Melisandre. It's even worse than f```ing her.
But I liked the scene with the Faceless man. (:
The first season was much much better!
673	legba11	2012-06-06	The Brienne /Jaimie  scene was huge. It established that Brienne is not Stark, is honorable and is a worthy warrior. Jaimie has never seen her fight. So this gives him an immediate pause as to how his escape is going to happen.Not to specifically pick you out for this, but your post reminded me of this.  Why is Jaime tied up? (he is in the books here too)  If he gets "free" where is he going to go?  They both want him to get to King's Landing and the chances of that are improved  if they can both fight and defend themselves.  This will lead to their fight in the river, but it made no sense to me in the books and seeing it makes it seem even less sensible.
674	Ser Alliser	2012-06-06	I really disliked Stannis' characterization, I always saw him as stoic, brooding, and irritable, not a man who flies into rages and strangles others on a whim. It seems almost like the different screenwriters are interpreting his chracacter completely differently. He went from a determined, just, and somewhat depressed/dour commander in episode 8, to a reckless action hero in episode 9, and now he's a tempermental domestic abuser? Pick your key chracteristics and stick with them until there's adequate explanation for a personality change, Stannis seems like he'd be diagnosed with dissociative personality disorder at this point. Pretty upsetting that they've reduced my favourite character to a mercurial bully.Completely agree. Stannis is a deeply flawed individual and quite happy to see people burned to death for his faith and send men to die for him. However all that happens within the framework of his personal views of justice. Assaulting Mel (or, arguably, having sex with her) is well outside that framework. The fact that his wife and child are being cast for next season (yay) underlines this point.
675	SynthFG	2012-06-06	One thing I really liked about this episode was having the leader of the tavern wench killing northmen be very reminiscent of Ned in appearance, dress, accent and manner 
gave the strong visual image that these are north men but they are doing something 'bad' and introduced the idea that in this war black and white don't exist
676	Greywolf2375	2012-06-06	Not to specifically pick you out for this, but your post reminded me of this.  Why is Jaime tied up? (he is in the books here too)  If he gets "free" where is he going to go?  They both want him to get to King's Landing and the chances of that are improved  if they can both fight and defend themselves.  This will lead to their fight in the river, but it made no sense to me in the books and seeing it makes it seem even less sensible.Well, a prisoner = restrained in every medium we ever see.  This is the Kingslayer - one of the most feared men on the continent.  Brienne is not travelling with him - she is escorting him, his comfort is not a question and, it seems, she is supremely confident she can deal with whomever comes along to stop her.Would two swords be better than one?  Sure...but there is no guarantee Jaime doesn't try to kill Brienne immediately so why take the chance?
677	PrinceRhaegar	2012-06-06	As much as i wanted to see visions & prophecies (esspecially Rhaegar), I understand why they didnt show it now.  First, we didnt her about ToJ, about Rheagar stealing Lyanna etc. My 2 cents are that they gonna show visions after they establish those things through Barristan and Reeds. And how they are gonna show it? That i dont know. Maybe through Quaithe... Visions & prophecies are great on their own, but in the books it made no sense why will Undying show it to Dany, and then try to kill her. Why they let Drogon with her? What if she stays in any room? In show it is much better, Pyat Pree was tempting her with visions, so she brake up and stays there, so he can get power from dragons. When he failed, he burnt.
As for the Rasmay... In the books we had his little adventure with Lady Hornwood, so we know that he is crazy, and to me burning Winterfell in the books was just Ramsay being Ramsay. I didnt expect northmen to betray Robb until Roose talks with Jaime. If they showed Ramsay in show, it would imply that Roose is betraying Robb, coz in the books Ramsay is captured and in disguise of Reek, and here he is sent on Roose's(Robb's) orders to retake Winterfell. So i expect a little torturing & killing of Ironislanders or something, before revealing that Ramsay burnt Winterfell.
Qurin... All my non book readers friends got why Jon killed him, only thing lacking was Ghost. Maybe he will save Sam /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> .
Robb & Talissa... So far we saw him marrying in secret(that music was incredible), so they can do a lot of things with them in season 3...
					
					
							Edited by PrinceRhaegar, 06 June 2012 - 06:33 AM.
678	rmholt	2012-06-06	I am going to take the road less traveled on this episode...I loved it...with a few reservations. 1. Littlefinger offering help to Sansa: This is likely a good thing for non book readers, and clearly LF needed to be handled in a significantly different manner from the books as so much of what he does is offstage. However, I am still not convinced that overtly showing ALL of his machinations is the way to go. I feel that the TV only people are being robbed of that WTF moment when we all realize that LF is an alpha player.LF has a weakness for Sansa - he talks as though he is in control of what he does at all times, and MAYBE he understands his weakness for Sansa to keep it from being too much of a liability.  This is because she reminds him of his lifelong love, Cat.  My Take Anyway.Marie
679	rmholt	2012-06-06	Well, a prisoner = restrained in every medium we ever see.  This is the Kingslayer - one of the most feared men on the continent.  Brienne is not travelling with him - she is escorting him, his comfort is not a question and, it seems, she is supremely confident she can deal with whomever comes along to stop her.Would two swords be better than one?  Sure...but there is no guarantee Jaime doesn't try to kill Brienne immediately so why take the chance?Oh yes he WOULD kill Brienne the minute he had the chance, or try, he certainly was planning to the moment he got the chance.  She knew it.  He never got the chance since the Bloody Mummers caught them both.
680	legba11	2012-06-06	Well, a prisoner = restrained in every medium we ever see.  This is the Kingslayer - one of the most feared men on the continent.  Brienne is not travelling with him - she is escorting him, his comfort is not a question and, it seems, she is supremely confident she can deal with whomever comes along to stop her.Would two swords be better than one?  Sure...but there is no guarantee Jaime doesn't try to kill Brienne immediately so why take the chance?Oh yes he WOULD kill Brienne the minute he had the chance, or try, he certainly was planning to the moment he got the chance.  She knew it.  He never got the chance since the Bloody Mummers caught them both.Why would he kill her?  She was taking him where he wanted to go and having her there made his chances better of arriving there in one piece. (whoops)  They both know they are in a dangerous place, and two swords are better than one (or 3 vs 2 in the books).  I realize this is how the book did it, it made no sense to me there too. (Jaime turning on her DOES make sense in terms that she wasn't letting him free and thus (in his mind) killing her meant his chances increase of survival since he could then defend himself)
681	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	Not to specifically pick you out for this, but your post reminded me of this.  Why is Jaime tied up? (he is in the books here too)  If he gets "free" where is he going to go?  They both want him to get to King's Landing and the chances of that are improved  if they can both fight and defend themselves.  This will lead to their fight in the river, but it made no sense to me in the books and seeing it makes it seem even less sensible.He did break out of his cell to try and make a run for it. It is important for Jaimie to have his hands bound because Brienne is in charge. The moment Jaimie can free himself from bondage he would no longer see it that way. Cat freed Jaimie in hopes that her daughters would be freed in exchange. Brienne I don't think knows that Jaimie desires KL so bad. He could just as easily join up with the closest group of Lannister fighters and head right back to Riverrun(or wherever the show has them) to pay them back. We know better but I don't see any reason why she would. Jaimie's point of view is he believes in his sword hand to carry him through life basically. Without all of this you would then just leave out Brienne and have Cat let Jaimie out of his cell and say I am exchanging you for my daughters go straight to KL and return them. Sounds like a really dumb idea doesn't it. I think most think it sounds like a dumb idea anyway. Remember she is relying on Tyrion's word not the Kingslayer.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 06 June 2012 - 07:47 AM.
682	Burt Clegane	2012-06-06	Completely agree. Stannis is a deeply flawed individual and quite happy to see people burned to death for his faith and send men to die for him. However all that happens within the framework of his personal views of justice. Assaulting Mel (or, arguably, having sex with her) is well outside that framework. The fact that his wife and child are being cast for next season (yay) underlines this point.Well, he had sex with her in the books, that we know.As for the strangling scene, I thought it was a powerful moment. Driven to desperation, he almost lost his faith in the Red God, or rather Mel. He wanted to be proven wrong, for his hands to burn or something. Mel convinced him and possibly showed him an image of him sat on the Iron Throne, or more likely, images of Joffrey, Balon and Robb's deaths.
683	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-06	Well, he had sex with her in the books, that we know.As for the strangling scene, I thought it was a powerful moment. Driven to desperation, he almost lost his faith in the Red God, or rather Mel. He wanted to be proven wrong, for his hands to burn or something. Mel convinced him and possibly showed him an image of him sat on the Iron Throne, or more likely, images of Joffrey, Balon and Robb's deaths.Or maybe Stannis actually saw visions in the flame, just like he did in the books (ASOS, Davos IV if you need citation).
684	Burt Clegane	2012-06-06	Currently not at home.
What visions did Stannis see in the flame in ASOS? Refresh my memory.
685	Jolene Brown	2012-06-06	The ambiguity over the burning of Winterfell demonstrates to me the dangerous ripple effect of small changes.  First, to me, a cliffhanger is something that gets the audience excited about what's going to happen next.  It's not something that means the audience is like, 'Huh?  What just happened?'  No one is going to be like, damn, I need to tune into Game of Thrones next season to find out who really burned Winterfell, because it wasn't set up as an interesting mystery, it just seems more like something that was filmed weirdly. 
Why did this happen?  All because they didn't want to take the time to include the Ramsay/Reek story.  Is that totally understandable?  Yes.  But it left them with a hole in the story that they couldn't fill.  Could they have included the Ramsay/Reek story?  They could have had the Lady Hornwood/Bastard issue come up at one of those Little Lord session.  It would have taken about a minute.  They could even have had Rodrik bring Reek as a prisoner to the Little Lord, explain what he had done, then have Bran order him taken to the cells.  They could have had him offer his services when Bran announced that Winterfell surrendered.  Again, 20-30 seconds.  Have him go along on the hunt for Bran/Rickon.  When Asha comes without troops, have him make the same offer to round up troops he made in the books.  Theon accepts out of desperation.  30 seconds.  Have Robb inform Roose of his Bastard's death and what he had done at some point.  Have Roose say, hey, he's a Bastard, I understand.  Again, very brief.  Have Robb send some other Northman's troops to save winterfell.  Then have Reek show up with troops, kill the other northmen's troops, have Theon let him in - he slaughters the Ironmen and captures Theon or whatever.  It's basically the same amount of time as what they did and it still means that Roose Bolton doesn't seem involved.  It is his Bastard son, who he can't control and doesn't care about.  It raises doubts about Roose, but it doesn't make Roose seem inherently untrustworthy.  
  Why did they not do it?  Because they didn't want to hire an actor for Ramsay yet.  But now the subtle connections between what happened in Winterfell and the Red Wedding have been severed, and the subtle clues to Robb's doom eliminated.  I understand, but it bugs me.
686	Burt Clegane	2012-06-06	Like Show Bronn, Show Theon has became more of a character that people enjoy. Despite his terrible decisions (guided by Show Dagmar), Theon is still a character that retains sympathy. It was moving when you saw how Balon treated him and when he recounted his story to Luwin. It's clear that he is a lost boy. I'm not sure they will go down the full-blown torture (and subsequent gibbering wreck he becomes) he endures over the next few books.
Clearly S3 is going to start with Dagmar meeting with Ramsay. Ramsay then takes Theon, slays the Ironmen (possibly with a henchman saying "Robb Stark said to spare them." and Ramsay replying "Do you serve me or Robb Stark?" or something to that effect. Immediately the audience realizes that this guy, is a complete shit. Even have a scene were Theon tells Ramsay the boys are still alive, but Ramsay ignores him and orders Winterfell to be burnt. Theon is thrown in a dungeon and next time we see him Ramsay is torturing him. Ramsay and Theon scenes carry on for the rest of the season giving us an insight into the Bolton family and you could even have Ramsay spill some of the beans with regards to a plot to kill Robb although not spoiling the Wedding.
687	TheDarkOne	2012-06-06	The ambiguity over the burning of Winterfell demonstrates to me the dangerous ripple effect of small changes.  First, to me, a cliffhanger is something that gets the audience excited about what's going to happen next.  It's not something that means the audience is like, 'Huh?  What just happened?'  No one is going to be like, damn, I need to tune into Game of Thrones next season to find out who really burned Winterfell, because it wasn't set up as an interesting mystery, it just seems more like something that was filmed weirdly.Why did this happen?  All because they didn't want to take the time to include the Ramsay/Reek story.  Is that totally understandable?  Yes.  But it left them with a hole in the story that they couldn't fill.  Could they have included the Ramsay/Reek story?  They could have had the Lady Hornwood/Bastard issue come up at one of those Little Lord session.  It would have taken about a minute.  They could even have had Rodrik bring Reek as a prisoner to the Little Lord, explain what he had done, then have Bran order him taken to the cells.  They could have had him offer his services when Bran announced that Winterfell surrendered.  Again, 20-30 seconds.  Have him go along on the hunt for Bran/Rickon.  When Asha comes without troops, have him make the same offer to round up troops he made in the books.  Theon accepts out of desperation.  30 seconds.  Have Robb inform Roose of his Bastard's death and what he had done at some point.  Have Roose say, hey, he's a Bastard, I understand.  Again, very brief.  Have Robb send some other Northman's troops to save winterfell.  Then have Reek show up with troops, kill the other northmen's troops, have Theon let him in - he slaughters the Ironmen and captures Theon or whatever.  It's basically the same amount of time as what they did and it still means that Roose Bolton doesn't seem involved.  It is his Bastard son, who he can't control and doesn't care about.  It raises doubts about Roose, but it doesn't make Roose seem inherently untrustworthy.    Why did they not do it?  Because they didn't want to hire an actor for Ramsay yet.  But now the subtle connections between what happened in Winterfell and the Red Wedding have been severed, and the subtle clues to Robb's doom eliminated.  I understand, but it bugs me.Very good post. It makes one wonder just how many more "subtle changes" we will be seeing through the course of the show and if we will end up like True Blood where by the 5th season the source material has been left in the dust and the show writers have taken over.There is probably a little to much optimism around SoS being split into two seasons. I'm not so sure it's so we can get the complete story from the books. I would guess we are going to see a lot more "original ideas" coming in the next few seasons. Obviously Varys and Ros are going to have some contrived meaningless side plot that will only serve as a lazy way to shoe horn in more soft core sex at the whore house, what else?It's bizarre that with the changes made to Robb's character, you have several fans posting here talking about how much they are anticipating the Red Wedding and want to cheer Roose on as they hate TV Robb. If I were the writers I might take a hard look at what the direction of the show is. This has happened before. It's not unprecedented to see people doing an adaption try to dumb it down enough to please the general public. The result is usually the hard core source material fans eventually abandon it and then the public, being fickle, lose interest and walk soon too. You would think the core audience of these books and the long time fans would be at the forefront of the creative departments mind when adapting these works. Maybe it sounds crazy but some of us view this as not just entertaining but also very fine high level important literature, it deserves to be treated with respect and not cannibalized.
688	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-06	Why would he kill her?  She was taking him where he wanted to go and having her there made his chances better of arriving there in one piece. (whoops)  They both know they are in a dangerous place, and two swords are better than one (or 3 vs 2 in the books).  I realize this is how the book did it, it made no sense to me there too. (Jaime turning on her DOES make sense in terms that she wasn't letting him free and thus (in his mind) killing her meant his chances increase of survival since he could then defend himself)Brienne's task is not only to convey Jaime, but to convey Catelyn's request and make it clear that Jaime was only released voluntarily by Catelyn in the hope that the Lannisters would respond honorably and with mercy.  That would be public knowledge, and might have some effect on the Lannister decision.  At least, in the minds of Catelyn and Brienne.  If Jaime is free and kills Brienne, then he can walk into KL and make up any story he wants.  It then looks less like a matter of mercy and honor for Catelyn than Jaime escaping from those disloyal Stark bastards.At least, that's my take on it.
689	Ciglon	2012-06-06	Currently not at home.What visions did Stannis see in the flame in ASOS? Refresh my memory.I think he saw a crown of daggers in the snow or something? Something that helped convince Davos that he had to tell Stannis to go to the wall.ETA: Yeah, Jolene Brown has it right.
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 06 June 2012 - 09:50 AM.
690	Jolene Brown	2012-06-06	He had a vision that was similar to what happened at the Fist - a ring of torches in the snow with terror all around.
691	Aleenys	2012-06-06	Whatever they do, I hope they don't get rid of the Dontos-storyline. We need him to give the poisonous hairnet to Sansa, it just felt fair for her to have a tiny bit part in Joffrey's death before getting out of that place. "Wear this at the wedding, it's justice for your father." We need to hear those words!
692	alguien	2012-06-06	Well, I enjoyed it! I was worried they'd skip Dany's Undying magic scenes altogether, so was happy with what we did see. I thought Drogo's inclusion was kind of cool and felt a nice thrill when Dany lit up the bastard's with dragon fire.
Overall, I felt like episodes 5-8 sort of slumped compared to the first four, but man, did 9 and 10 rock!
I loved, loved, LOVED how the Others looked. Way better than the first season. Such an awesome, creepy way to end it, for now...
693	HouseLark	2012-06-06	As a standalone episode I thought this was excellent. There are problems of course but that's the same with everything. The big postives for me were finally something satisfying happening in Dany's storyline and the ending at the Fist of the First Men which was just brilliant.
Dany's storyline has been poor this season, suffering from the writer's desire to have Emilia Clarke on screen more than she would be if they followed the book. But the House of the Undying worked very well for me. I know fans are disappointed with the lack of "visions" but how many can you put on screen without ruining future seasons? What they did worked well because it alluded to the past and future, of what could be and what might have been, showing Dany glories and tragedies. It served to emphasise the point that the future is uncertain (e.g. showing Drogo with Rhaego which obviously never came to pass). This is a good counterpoint to Melisandre's certainty about her visions which leaves viewers with the question: is the future already written as Mel believes or is it uncertain as suggested by Dany's visions? If I have to nitpick here, I'd say that since they wrote Dany a vision at the Wall then they might as well have had a close up of a Blue Rose, seems like a simple opportunity missed that would have had purists wetting themselves.
Shifting 3 Blasts from the ASOS prologue to Season Two was a great cliffhanger and now I can't wait for Season Three - pryaing for Neil Taylor to be given directorial duties on the battle at the Fist.
On Jon, I'm on the side that likes how this ended but I would like to have seen some more realisation from Jon that what he was doing was necessary, or at least what Qhorin wanted. I like that it looked like it was done in anger but it's stretching audience credulity a bit to ask to accept that Jon new what Qhorin's plan was, especially when Jon has been depicted as a bit slow on the uptake so far. Also, this would be a big decision for Jon, a huge moral dilemma; it would have been good to see him wrestle with that.
The only major criticism I have is the burning of Winterfell. If you don't have a book reader friend to explain it will be hard to know what has happened there - who did it? Why? Why didn't Luwin say anything to Bran or Osha, such as: "be careful of some of the Northmen Bran, they just burned down your home"...?
Still, very excited for next series. ACOK always feels like a bit of a transitory volume whenever I read it; it's just there to bridge the gap between AGOT and ASOS but it's not a middle act in a three act play, it's more of a bridge to the middle act. That's hard to adapt and kudos to the show creators for handling it well overall.
694	legba11	2012-06-06	He did break out of his cell to try and make a run for it. It is important for Jaimie to have his hands bound because Brienne is in charge. The moment Jaimie can free himself from bondage he would no longer see it that way. Cat freed Jaimie in hopes that her daughters would be freed in exchange. Brienne I don't think knows that Jaimie desires KL so bad. He could just as easily join up with the closest group of Lannister fighters and head right back to Riverrun(or wherever the show has them) to pay them back. We know better but I don't see any reason why she would. Jaimie's point of view is he believes in his sword hand to carry him through life basically. Without all of this you would then just leave out Brienne and have Cat let Jaimie out of his cell and say I am exchanging you for my daughters go straight to KL and return them. Sounds like a really dumb idea doesn't it. I think most think it sounds like a dumb idea anyway. Remember she is relying on Tyrion's word not the Kingslayer.The rejoining the battle immediately is the best argument I've heard on this.  I don't think it outweighs the danger issue (certainly in hindsight, but that is not relevant), but at least it puts a portion of sanity into something I've always found as a weakness in the book.  (I find it a forced plot device to begin Jaime's path to redemption, I accept it, as it is the best storyline of the entire series IMO)Brienne's task is not only to convey Jaime, but to convey Catelyn's request and make it clear that Jaime was only released voluntarily by Catelyn in the hope that the Lannisters would respond honorably and with mercy.  That would be public knowledge, and might have some effect on the Lannister decision.  At least, in the minds of Catelyn and Brienne.  If Jaime is free and kills Brienne, then he can walk into KL and make up any story he wants.  It then looks less like a matter of mercy and honor for Catelyn than Jaime escaping from those disloyal Stark bastards.At least, that's my take on it.Catelyn is taking a leap of faith on Tyrion's honor.  Whether Jaime walks into KL with Brienne (and in chains) or on his own power, all that matters is whether Tyrion will honor the deal. (This all turns out moot, but that doesn't matter here).  I've always assumed she informed Tyrion of this acceptance of his trade offer, to not do so would be insanity considering the dangerous terrain Jaime is about to cross.  She would want Lannister patrols lout looking for him as they approach KL.  A prisoner exchange can't work without both parties cooperating.
695	Ciglon	2012-06-06	I guess they want non-book readers to assume that the ironmen burnt winterfell down (like many people assume in ASOS), but of course, this was different seeing as how in the books the ironmen stood up to the very end so the thought that they would burn winterfell down before they died makes a bit of sense but in the series now, non-book readers will naturally assume they did it but then think "well why would they if they were seeking mercy from (presumably) loyal northmen"?
696	Warrick	2012-06-06	I actually like this version better with Robb.   In the book, he forsakes a vow because he didn't want to dishonor a lady.   Well, that's kind of a contradiction.  In the show, he's blinded by love.   Which happens in real life to us all.Also, Sansa doesn't know who to trust.  I take most of her responses as being a defense mechanism.   She only seems to be herself with Shae.I agree with this. It's Robb's first beautiful woman he's probably ever looked at, let alone touched and had sex with. People on this forum are forgetting how stupid being in love for the first time makes you. It makes everything else seem insignificant, even if you're leading men into war. There's nothing more blinding than being in love for the first time.
697	nara	2012-06-06	I agree with this. It's Robb's first beautiful woman he's probably ever looked at, let alone touched and had sex with. People on this forum are forgetting how stupid being in love for the first time makes you. It makes everything else seem insignificant, even if you're leading men into war. There's nothing more blinding than being in love for the first time.Given that show-Robb is much older than book-Robb, I somehow doubt that this is first relationship.  First true love, maybe, but probably not sex.  The real issue to me is the lost parallel to Ned's honor.
698	Ciglon	2012-06-06	Given that show-Robb is much older than book-Robb, I somehow doubt that this is first relationship.  First true love, maybe, but probably not sex.  The real issue to me is the lost parallel to Ned's honor.I do think personally that this is his first relationship period tbh. Very much like Jon, I don't think he would have felt comfortable having sex with a whore before.Although I think that Dan and Dave suspected that this version of events would be easier for non-book readers to understand and relate to, because they probably want to make him a tragic romantic at the RW and love translates better to the audience than honour.
699	So1ar	2012-06-06	Did anyone else think Ramsay and his men were playing soccer outside the gates of Winterfell? That would explain the vuvuzela that was driving Theon nuts.
700	Ser Steven	2012-06-06	I agree with the biggest disappointment this episode being Robb marrying under the seven to a Volantene girl. Doesn't make much sense at all.Why is this disappointing? Ned married Cat under the Seven.  "And one day fifteen years ago, this second father had become a brother as well, as he and Ned stood together at the sept at Riverrun to wed two sisters, the daughters of House Tully" Cat 1 GoT  "He looked somehow smaller and more vulnerable, like the youth she had wed in the sept at Riverrun, fifteen long years gone." Cat 2 GoT
701	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	Why is this disappointing? Ned married Cat under the Seven.  "And one day fifteen years ago, this second father had become a brother as well, as he and Ned stood together at the sept at Riverrun to wed two sisters, the daughters of House Tully" Cat 1 GoT  "He looked somehow smaller and more vulnerable, like the youth she had wed in the sept at Riverrun, fifteen long years gone." Cat 2 GoTAs someone posted in another thread. Cat was a worshipper of the seven, so it makes sense that they married in a sept. Robb worships the old gods, Talisa is from Volantis where they worship RÂ´hllor, so where do the seven fit into that picture? As was also mentioned in another thread, itÂ´s the equivalent of a devout christian marrying a devout muslim in a buddhist wedding-ceremony
702	BaleriOne	2012-06-06	But why does it SEE Sam and not care? That seemed wrong.
It was to illustrate Sam's insignificance in the event taking place, Winter Coming -the return of The Whitewalkers.
Like a grain of sand facing a tidal wave - it's destiny insignificant.
703	Grimwolfe	2012-06-06	they could have pulled off the burning so well. Imagine how incredible a cliffhanger it would have been if theon treated with ramsay, only to have ramsay knock him to the floor before screaming "burn it all!" the audience would have been left thinking 'wtf did roose's son just do' 'who the fuck is this crazy guy'
however, that being said i can kind of understand why they didnt, as it would not only take away from the ending scene with the three horn blasts and the others, but also what with the amount of characters introduced they may have been scared to suddenly introduce a new one at the end of the season rather than give them a stronger introduction at the beginning of the next. Not to mention the added budget cost for another character when it would be better to put more of it towards the vfx (blackwater, fist of the first men, dragons)
704	pleonasm	2012-06-06	As a standalone episode I thought this was excellent. There are problems of course but that's the same with everything. The big postives for me were finally something satisfying happening in Dany's storyline and the ending at the Fist of the First Men which was just brilliant.Dany's storyline has been poor this season, suffering from the writer's desire to have Emilia Clarke on screen more than she would be if they followed the book. But the House of the Undying worked very well for me. I know fans are disappointed with the lack of "visions" but how many can you put on screen without ruining future seasons? What they did worked well because it alluded to the past and future, of what could be and what might have been, showing Dany glories and tragedies. It served to emphasise the point that the future is uncertain (e.g. showing Drogo with Rhaego which obviously never came to pass). This is a good counterpoint to Melisandre's certainty about her visions which leaves viewers with the question: is the future already written as Mel believes or is it uncertain as suggested by Dany's visions? If I have to nitpick here, I'd say that since they wrote Dany a vision at the Wall then they might as well have had a close up of a Blue Rose, seems like a simple opportunity missed that would have had purists wetting themselves.I heard a number of people question how they could put the visions onscreen without giving away future storylines. I don't understand this rationale at all. Its all in the presentation. A few tweaks and modifications and the visions and prophecies remain chilling, hearbreaking, and most importantly help drive Dany's story in the next few seasons.A dead soldier slumped on a chair, sword in his back, wearing a Wolf's head is vague enough. A Targaryen prince talking about the Prince who is promised and that the Dragon has three heads. Heck have Harry Lloyd (Viserys) return to deliver the promises ("Three treasons you will know...", etc...).Unfortunately the producers decided to settle on a simpler storyline (a couple of tempatations for Dany - the Iron Throne, remaining with Drogo), rather than a more complicated nuanced series of visions (past, present, and future) which offer some insight into both her but possibly also the past and future of Westeros.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 06 June 2012 - 07:37 PM.
705	violet storm	2012-06-06	Really disapointed with the end.Theon's part was horrible, no Ramsay, no reek. Really bad.And at the... Why the others didnt kill Sam?? That was stupid...It is too early for reek. Was slightly upset about missing Ramsay, but I thought the Theon's speech was on the brighter moments in otherwise highly disappointing episode
706	violet storm	2012-06-06	As someone posted in another thread. Cat was a worshipper of the seven, so it makes sense that they married in a sept. Robb worships the old gods, Talisa is from Volantis where they worship RÂ´hllor, so where do the seven fit into that picture? As was also mentioned in another thread, itÂ´s the equivalent of a devout christian marrying a devout muslim in a buddhist wedding-ceremonyI felt the wedding with Seven was sloppy, like producers were going for a good TV without high regard to the attentiveness of the audience. Besides, those who did not read the book, would not know what Volantis worships, and already forgot what Robb does...
707	violet storm	2012-06-06	Very good post. It makes one wonder just how many more "subtle changes" we will be seeing through the course of the show and if we will end up like True Blood where by the 5th season the source material has been left in the dust and the show writers have taken over.There is probably a little to much optimism around SoS being split into two seasons. I'm not so sure it's so we can get the complete story from the books. I would guess we are going to see a lot more "original ideas" coming in the next few seasons. Obviously Varys and Ros are going to have some contrived meaningless side plot that will only serve as a lazy way to shoe horn in more soft core sex at the whore house, what else?It's bizarre that with the changes made to Robb's character, you have several fans posting here talking about how much they are anticipating the Red Wedding and want to cheer Roose on as they hate TV Robb. If I were the writers I might take a hard look at what the direction of the show is.This has happened before. It's not unprecedented to see people doing an adaption try to dumb it down enough to please the general public. The result is usually the hard core source material fans eventually abandon it and then the public, being fickle, lose interest and walk soon too. You would think the core audience of these books and the long time fans would be at the forefront of the creative departments mind when adapting these works. Maybe it sounds crazy but some of us view this as not just entertaining but also very fine high level important literature, it deserves to be treated with respect and not cannibalized.An excellent point about the book fans. Besides, it is not like we are talking about some obscure books nobody heard about... I think there are over 20 million books sold WW, while HBO subscription base is about 21MM. There bound to be about 30% overlap between book readers and show viewers. It is a substantial force that can get frustrated enough to abandon the show overtime.The creators should look at the experience of LotR adaptations where Peter Jackson had a little over two hours to present a similarly-sized and complex material, while HBO producers have 10 hours! The first season was much closer to the book, and I believe so much stronger! It is about cutting and simplifying, and definitely not adding scenes and characters, such as Ros and Khal Drogo/baby appearance
708	violet storm	2012-06-06	Whatever they do, I hope they don't get rid of the Dontos-storyline. We need him to give the poisonous hairnet to Sansa, it just felt fair for her to have a tiny bit part in Joffrey's death before getting out of that place. "Wear this at the wedding, it's justice for your father." We need to hear those words!I am slightly confused about the Dontos's future. He did appear in episode 1,however, he is not necessary now to give Sansa a hairnet. Petir can do it, since he already openly proposed to take her away. I guess they will cut him
709	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	Why is this disappointing? Ned married Cat under the Seven.  "And one day fifteen years ago, this second father had become a brother as well, as he and Ned stood together at the sept at Riverrun to wed two sisters, the daughters of House Tully" Cat 1 GoT  "He looked somehow smaller and more vulnerable, like the youth she had wed in the sept at Riverrun, fifteen long years gone." Cat 2 GoTWell Cat worshiped the Seven so that makes sense to choose between the two. Talisa and Rob neither worship the Seven so I don't see any parallel
710	violet storm	2012-06-06	I am disappointed in this episode. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Rob's marriage was something strange. I thought that there would be a moment when she says that she's not from Volantis and her name is Jeyne Westerling. Still I cannot understand why such a departure from the book. And seven gods... when he was so like his father.Second disappointment was Theon and the fall of Winterfell. Who burned it in the series? Some men from Pyke? No Reeds, no Ramsay, no flayed men.The scene with Sam was alright though those "men" looked like zombies from some zombie film.Scene with Dany was bad. I liked Drogo and the baby, but I've waited for more.Brienne seemed very merciless though in the book she found it difficult to kill.Where's Dontos?Ah, and Stannis strangling Melisandre. It's even worse than f```ing her.But I liked the scene with the Faceless man. (:The first season was much much better!Couldn't have said better myself!
711	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	I agree with this. It's Robb's first beautiful woman he's probably ever looked at, let alone touched and had sex with. People on this forum are forgetting how stupid being in love for the first time makes you. It makes everything else seem insignificant, even if you're leading men into war. There's nothing more blinding than being in love for the first time. The big kicker in the novels to me was that Rob was injured and being cared for by Jeyne Westerling. I think he was in the dumps about Rickon and Bran being killed and even though he was winning every battle could not find a way to accomplish his mission. All this added up to a perfect storm so to speak for him to break his promise. I think the first time falling in love answer could apply just as easily to Jeyne. Also he is younger in the books and understandably more naive. The show just killed all of this for he found a hot nurse careing for soldiers in the battlefield and wants to get him some.
712	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	I do think personally that this is his first relationship period tbh. Very much like Jon, I don't think he would have felt comfortable having sex with a whore before.Although I think that Dan and Dave suspected that this version of events would be easier for non-book readers to understand and relate to, because they probably want to make him a tragic romantic at the RW and love translates better to the audience than honour.Jon Snow wanted to have sex with Ros and probably others but refrained because he understood the consequences of bringing a bastard into the world. I don't think this reasoning would apply to Rob at all.
713	Ghosteline	2012-06-06	ehmm, hold on, I don't get why everyones upset that The Other ignored Sam. We don't really even know what or who the Others are. They are a different life form...other than human...and can be intelligent as far as I understan. I don't think they are senseless killing machines. And we don't quite know yet what is their motive or what are they actually fighting for. That is all yet to come. So in my opinion we can't judge it since we don't know them anyway. And Sam does seem to be not threatening at all... so if I would be the Other... I also wouldn't give a shit about some whimpering creature thats hiding. I've got some more important business to take care of. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ... right?!
714	squee01	2012-06-06	Not sure if this was mentioned before but the final scene the walker on the horse who stared down Sam, didn't he look like Jon's uncle Benjen???
					
					
							Edited by squee01, 07 June 2012 - 09:10 AM.
715	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-06	The ambiguity over the burning of Winterfell demonstrates to me the dangerous ripple effect of small changes.  First, to me, a cliffhanger is something that gets the audience excited about what's going to happen next.  It's not something that means the audience is like, 'Huh?  What just happened?'  No one is going to be like, damn, I need to tune into Game of Thrones next season to find out who really burned Winterfell, because it wasn't set up as an interesting mystery, it just seems more like something that was filmed weirdly.Why did this happen?  All because they didn't want to take the time to include the Ramsay/Reek story.  Is that totally understandable?  Yes.  But it left them with a hole in the story that they couldn't fill.  Could they have included the Ramsay/Reek story?  They could have had the Lady Hornwood/Bastard issue come up at one of those Little Lord session.  It would have taken about a minute.  They could even have had Rodrik bring Reek as a prisoner to the Little Lord, explain what he had done, then have Bran order him taken to the cells.  They could have had him offer his services when Bran announced that Winterfell surrendered.  Again, 20-30 seconds.  Have him go along on the hunt for Bran/Rickon.  When Asha comes without troops, have him make the same offer to round up troops he made in the books.  Theon accepts out of desperation.  30 seconds.  Have Robb inform Roose of his Bastard's death and what he had done at some point.  Have Roose say, hey, he's a Bastard, I understand.  Again, very brief.  Have Robb send some other Northman's troops to save winterfell.  Then have Reek show up with troops, kill the other northmen's troops, have Theon let him in - he slaughters the Ironmen and captures Theon or whatever.  It's basically the same amount of time as what they did and it still means that Roose Bolton doesn't seem involved.  It is his Bastard son, who he can't control and doesn't care about.  It raises doubts about Roose, but it doesn't make Roose seem inherently untrustworthy.    Why did they not do it?  Because they didn't want to hire an actor for Ramsay yet.  But now the subtle connections between what happened in Winterfell and the Red Wedding have been severed, and the subtle clues to Robb's doom eliminated.  I understand, but it bugs me.You don't have bad ideas here. I agree that so much was added to the story while sooooo much was cut. I don't think anything you are adding which I believe Ramsey will be featured next season trumps so many other things though. Storms End, Riverrun, Crannogmen and Big and Little Frey I would have added(or not cut) over all this. The real problem with the story is Rob has very little reason to stop by the Freys on his way back to Winterfell because Ramsey went for him...explain how this could work in any sensible fashion.
716	Justin Danford	2012-06-07	Just a theory, but Shea could probably give Sansa the head-piece without too much trouble story-wise. Might even add some irony in the scheme of what happens afterwards.
Still I don't think Dontos will be cut, Littlefingers role has been overtly stated, that doesnt have to mean Dontos still wont be the tool Littlefinger uses.
717	Harrad	2012-06-07	the walker on the horsePerfect name for him.
718	HouseLark	2012-06-07	I heard a number of people question how they could put the visions onscreen without giving away future storylines. I don't understand this rationale at all. Its all in the presentation. A few tweaks and modifications and the visions and prophecies remain chilling, hearbreaking, and most importantly help drive Dany's story in the next few seasons.A dead soldier slumped on a chair, sword in his back, wearing a Wolf's head is vague enough. A Targaryen prince talking about the Prince who is promised and that the Dragon has three heads. Heck have Harry Lloyd (Viserys) return to deliver the promises ("Three treasons you will know...", etc...).Unfortunately the producers decided to settle on a simpler storyline (a couple of tempatations for Dany - the Iron Throne, remaining with Drogo), rather than a more complicated nuanced series of visions (past, present, and future) which offer some insight into both her but possibly also the past and future of Westeros.The thing is, the dead soldier (it's a king on the book) with a wolf's head has only one interpretation: the Starks are set to lose the war. And the sword in the back is rather famously a symbol of betrayal. It's too heavy handed for the screen.The Rhaegar vision is something I'm uncertain about. I have said elsewhere that I wonder how many people genuinely think that the absence of this is detrimental to the story or did they really, really, really just want to see Rhaegar depicted on screen? I will concede that it would have been nice to have someone telling Dany of the "threes" (3 treasons, dragon has 3 heads, etc).
719	Burt Clegane	2012-06-07	But these visions are treats for us (the readers) rather than having anything to do with Dany herself, or her imminent future.
I thought the Red Keep scene was visually striking and ominous, and the scene with Drogo was touching and reminded her of what she had lost on her quest to the Iron Throne.
720	Istakhr	2012-06-07	But these visions are treats for us (the readers) rather than having anything to do with Dany herself, or her imminent future.I thought the Red Keep scene was visually striking and ominous, and the scene with Drogo was touching and reminded her of what she had lost on her quest to the Iron Throne.If you look at visions and prophecies together, you'll see that they are actually very important in Dany's story.A big part of Dany's personal changes are a result of the 3 betrayals prophecy. While show runners might expect people to believe Danny's later paranoia toward those around her is because of Xaro's acts, it will fall flat for most viewers. Note that they had some visions in HOTU. For non book readers it would have made no difference if those visions were prophetic. Already many of them are wondering about symbolism and prophecy in those visions.A bigger problem is that by downplaying Quaithe and HOTU they are making Dany's story less and less connected to Westeros story. In the books there is a sense of mystery about Targaryan history and possible relation to PTWP, AA and events beyond the wall. Here the best you can say is probably some day dragons will fight White Walkers. There is even less reason to get invested in show Dany's story, because there is absolutely no connection to possible future events in westerns other than she just moving there.
721	Ciglon	2012-06-07	Maybe they will have Quaithe give her the three betrayals, three mounts, etc prophecy.
I do not think this would be a bad idea at all considering they established the warlocks as magicians but not wise people, whereas Quaithe is known to have knowledge and is fairly established as mysterious knowing quite a bit with her warnings to jorah.
722	Raksha the Demon	2012-06-07	Just a theory, but Shea could probably give Sansa the head-piece without too much trouble story-wise. Might even add some irony in the scheme of what happens afterwards.Still I don't think Dontos will be cut, Littlefingers role has been overtly stated, that doesnt have to mean Dontos still wont be the tool Littlefinger uses.Presumably, Littlefinger will spend a few weeks or months wooing Lysa and trying to consolidate his position in the Eyrie/Vale; and during that time, he could use Dontos as his proxy, alerting Sansa to the plan to spring her from King's Landing but telling her that it will take a while to make the arrangements.
723	Rockroi	2012-06-07	I dont quite see how is this a defense of daenerys storyline at all.And you seriously think Emilia can have any influence on the producers? Either herself or through some sort of agents or menagers.I find such an idea ridiculous. She just started and this show made her.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what to say except that having spoken to many many people in the industry (I went to school with a good deal of people who now work in Hollywood) and I have read a good deal on this issue and my impression is that the pull that actors have on a set and in production is huge.  And producers and writers know that they HAVE to keep the talent happy.  Nothing can deep-six a production faster than unhappy talent.  This is why they have to be exceptionally careful in how to cast and deal with those top-drawer characters â<U+0080><U+0093> the actor who plays them can start making demands that, if not met, could destroy a production.  Now, mind you, this RARELY happens, but that's because most sets and productions are dedicated to keeping the talent happy. I think these producers know that if they want a show they need to keep these people happy.  I am not saying Emilia is going around making demands; I think that her people are probably making it clear that they need this person to get on screen.  And the producers know that Emilia COULD start making waves and they want to avoid that.  Especially considering that Emilia plays such a critical character.  As for the Daenerys storyline it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need to be made into anything even lesser to work.I ultimately agree with your construction of what the season could have looked like.  Therefore, you have to ask why they did not so something like that?  I think its pretty clear- the producers knew that they needed to give Dany more face time for reasons stated above.  I could be wrong but no other explanation really suffices.  They greatly expanded the footprint of that character for reasons that are not very clear.  They story you describe could have been minimized even more (its incredible how expendable the Xaro character is).  Why didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they do that?Another explanation is that the writers are concerned that the audience will stop caring about Dany and therefore they need to give her more to interact with.  However, I am unsure what they did was the way to go about that.  I could be wrong.  The most effective moments for Dany came in the House of the Undying which, we all seem to agree, could have been done regardless of what happened in Qarth.  I think the show ballooned Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s character up for no good reason.  Its not a huge deal because they got to the finish line; my problem is that they took away from everything else that was happening.
724	Ser Robert	2012-06-07	Not my favourite episode-Not a fan of the HoTU scene (even if the destroyed throne room looked cool) and the altering of Jons story line in general but I have to say Theons ongoing irritation with the horn blower is possibly the funniest thing Ive seen all series-especially  when he is making his epic speech. Every time I watch it I cant stop laughing. Wonderfully written and suited the character really well.
725	FrozenFire3	2012-06-07	An excellent point about the book fans. Besides, it is not like we are talking about some obscure books nobody heard about... I think there are over 20 million books sold WW, while HBO subscription base is about 21MM. There bound to be about 30% overlap between book readers and show viewers. It is a substantial force that can get frustrated enough to abandon the show overtime.The creators should look at the experience of LotR adaptations where Peter Jackson had a little over two hours to present a similarly-sized and complex material, while HBO producers have 10 hours! The first season was much closer to the book, and I believe so much stronger! It is about cutting and simplifying, and definitely not adding scenes and characters, such as Ros and Khal Drogo/baby appearanceI agree. The creators should look up to Peter Jackson... he had 3 complex and long books to fit in 3 movies which could not last more than 2 and a half hours each. He did an excellent job anyhow, reviving that magic feeling you got from reading the books. And he did make changes, but not substantial ones. That is, I hope, what the creators are looking forward to.
726	pleonasm	2012-06-07	I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what to say except that having spoken to many many people in the industry (I went to school with a good deal of people who now work in Hollywood) and I have read a good deal on this issue and my impression is that the pull that actors have on a set and in production is huge.  And producers and writers know that they HAVE to keep the talent happy.  Nothing can deep-six a production faster than unhappy talent.  This is why they have to be exceptionally careful in how to cast and deal with those top-drawer characters â<U+0080><U+0093> the actor who plays them can start making demands that, if not met, could destroy a production.  Now, mind you, this RARELY happens, but that's because most sets and productions are dedicated to keeping the talent happy.I think these producers know that if they want a show they need to keep these people happy.  I am not saying Emilia is going around making demands; I think that her people are probably making it clear that they need this person to get on screen.  And the producers know that Emilia COULD start making waves and they want to avoid that.  Especially considering that Emilia plays such a critical character.  I ultimately agree with your construction of what the season could have looked like.  Therefore, you have to ask why they did not so something like that?  I think its pretty clear- the producers knew that they needed to give Dany more face time for reasons stated above.  I could be wrong but no other explanation really suffices.  They greatly expanded the footprint of that character for reasons that are not very clear.  They story you describe could have been minimized even more (its incredible how expendable the Xaro character is).  Why didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they do that?Another explanation is that the writers are concerned that the audience will stop caring about Dany and therefore they need to give her more to interact with.  However, I am unsure what they did was the way to go about that.  I could be wrong.  The most effective moments for Dany came in the House of the Undying which, we all seem to agree, could have been done regardless of what happened in Qarth.  I think the show ballooned Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s character up for no good reason.  Its not a huge deal because they got to the finish line; my problem is that they took away from everything else that was happening.Emilia, at least at this point, is not considered a top draw actress. That may change in the next few years, but I doubt Emilia even had people (beyond an agent), and she still may not, until she was cast in Game of Thrones. Of the current cast, probably only Peter Dinklage, Lena Heady, and Charles Dance could have any real influence, if they wanted to exert it.I think you are confusing the issue with the contracts the regular cast  members sign when joining a cable television series (these are the people appearing in the opening credits). I am not familiar with what baseline union agreement is applicable for GOT (its an HBO show based in europe) but in most network and cable television, regular cast members are guaranteed a number of paid appearances in a given season. I am guessing for GOT it is a least five episodes per season given how much Aiden Gillen and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau appeared this year - even if only for a single scene. Obviously more recognizable or top draw talent can make additional demands or increase the number of appearances.More than likely, this was D&D's attempt, however flawed, to given Dany a compelling storyline in the 2nd season. I doubt this was Emilia was pressing for anything.Its also why we can probably expect to see alot more of Alfie Allen next year that most people expect.After all, if they the actors are only retained on a recurring basis (typically actors whose names appear in the end credits) they are free to sign onto any other series or movie as they have no real guarantee of steady work on the series. This I believe is what happened with both Connor Stevens (The Mountain) who had to be replaced and Eyles Gabel (Rakharo) - whose character was killed.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 07 June 2012 - 12:18 PM.
727	Sam with Hooters	2012-06-07	J_Crews wrote:I took to be more like a "We need to get married now. Let's go find a septon." Yeah, that was the shortest marriage ceremony since Robin Hood: Men in Tights!Did anyone else notice the parallel wording (paraphrasing, "You're mine and I'm yours") between the marriage vows and the conversation between Tyrion and Shae?  Deliberate, coincidence, or just sloppy writing?Is Robb trying (unsuccessfully) to keep his marriage a secret?  If no outsider but the septon knows about it, Robb's men can hardly complain about the "wrong" gods being invoked.  Tellingly, this ceremony uses handfasting but no visible public outer signs of being married (such as American and European wedding rings, lady Hindu red-dot-on-the-forehead, or Amish men letting their beards grow out). Like the RW setup with Joffrey and Cersei's lip service about betrothal being a solemn commitment, with handy, politically-acceptable excuses for getting out of it.  If Talisa DOES turn out to be Jeyne Westerling, would this be grounds for annulment?  I could see Cat pushing for that and Robb refusing ("I love her no matter who she really is"), and the Freys feeling even more insulted and provoked once they find out.
728	Maia	2012-06-07	I am not sure why Ramsay needs to be cast for the 3rd season, when after his Winterfell scenes he only appears and becomes important in book 5? I.e. 5th season at the earliest. And I have to say that how they handled Winterfell worked for me. Who burnt it and why is an intentional cliffhanger. Nor is there any need to keep Alfie as a regular for 2 seasons when there is nothing for him to do.
There is no guarantee that the show will even get the 5th season and it is not very clear how important Theon is going to be to the plot in the remaining books. Yes, he was a terrific PoV in book 5, but they don't really need a PoV character to show Ramsey's sadism and nuttiness in the show.
Frankly, the one big change that I absolutely can't get behind this season is the timing of the news about Bran's and Rickon's "deaths". Everything else was negotiable and worked... more or less, IMHO.
I liked this season a lot, despite yes, not liking all the changes. But then, I didn't like all aspects of season 1 either.
I am curious how they are going to introduce the Tullys now, that they have done nothing of importance for 2 seasons. Edmure, even more of a douche and Brynden, robbed of all his glory?
Maybe they'll make it so that Riverrun has been under Lannister siege all this time and Robb wins yet another victory freeing it? That would be good enough for introducing Edmure, but for Brynden? I dunno.
729	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-07	Frankly, the one big change that I absolutely can't get behind this season is the timing of the news about Bran's and Rickon's "deaths". Everything else was negotiable and worked... more or less, IMHO.That's a good point.  I'm guessing that that they're going to use the news of those deaths as the triggering even for the whole nasty Stark spiral down to the RW.  Kind of like the roller coaster reaching the top of the hill, then crashing down after it crests.  They wanted to save that triggering event so they could immediately follow up with the rest of the story, rather than have the "trigger" in season 2, and the repercussions not start until season 3.I am curious how they are going to introduce the Tullys now, that they have done nothing of importance for 2 seasons. Edmure, even more of a douche and Brynden, robbed of all his glory?  Maybe they'll make it so that Riverrun has been under Lannister siege all this time and Robb wins yet another victory freeing it? That would be good enough for introducing Edmure, but for Brynden? I dunno.Another good point.  I have no idea.  Just guessing, but maybe they'll make it that the siege is actually new, and that's how the Tully's get pulled into the war?  I mean, I suppose the assumption is that they haven't been involved to this point.  So maybe they introduce the Blackfish as being the guy who brings the news to Robb -- escapting from the castle, fighting his way out in some death defying escape, then bringing the news of the siege to Robb and asking for his help. So we meet the Blackfish, and he brings us to the rest of the Tullys?It's a good question.
730	protar	2012-06-07	That's a good point.  I'm guessing that that they're going to use the news of those deaths as the triggering even for the whole nasty Stark spiral down to the RW.  Kind of like the roller coaster reaching the top of the hill, then crashing down after it crests.  They wanted to save that triggering event so they could immediately follow up with the rest of the story, rather than have the "trigger" in season 2, and the repercussions not start until season 3.But Bran and Rickon's deaths are no longer the trigger, due to the timings changing. Robb marrying Talisa/Jeyne was the trigger however it's only in the books that Bran and Rickon's "deaths" trigger Robb marrying Jeyne.Sigh. Yet another pointless change. Why they changed the order of events I don't know. Probably so they could blame Cat for it, they seem to hate her.
731	annko	2012-06-07	I didn't like how they made the Others...I imagined them more elegant, not so rough...
732	SaintTarl	2012-06-07	I get the feeling that a lot of you dont feel as though this series is going to influence how GRRM writes the final couple of books. This show (like anything in Hollywood) is based on the novels but will be tweeked, spun, nudged, due to the likability of the characters, and actors portraying them. GRRM is signing off on all the changes. What's funny is GRRM isnt a purist, but a lot of you are.
Youve read the books, great, now the series will be played out before your eyes and will contain aspects and angles you havent seen or didnt expect. I also assure you that the final two books will be significantly influenced by this show and the fan response. You'd be silly to think it wouldnt. Its actually quite amazing to watch; rarely has an incomplete series been used to make a TV, even rarer so is the popularity and love so rich as it is in GoT.
733	Ciglon	2012-06-07	GRRM is signing off on all the changes.Where do you get this idea from?Although I do agree with your other points, the tv program is a different media and has to be portrayed differently (perhaps some of those changes we will disagree with). GRRM licensed these people to make an adaptation of his series; they paid him for those rights and (I believe) all he wants is for it to be successful and bring people a lot of entertainment just like his books. The idea that these producers/writers/directors owe him anything more than doing what they think best for the program (whether or not we agree) is ridiculous.
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 07 June 2012 - 07:07 PM.
734	SaintTarl	2012-06-07	GRRM in season 1 (the lead up - expose) said he was hands on in creating the world, looking over the script, and helping to develop the story, etc. He is also listed as an executive producer. I highly doubt he would gleefully write episode 9 if he didnt agree with the direction of the show and the subtle changes being made.
Also to address the other criticisms, as a book reader, and a major fan of the show.
Robb's wedding. I personally like this version of Robb a lot more than the book version. He's more heroic, impulsive, young. The people I watch with (nonreaders) and those at work who watch, all are invested in the character. They want him to get his revenge. They also see the folly in disregarding the Freys but in the end he is the "King in the North" according to my non-reader friends, why cant he choose his own wife and reward the Freys in some other way?
The burning of Winterfell. TV 101; if they dont explicitly say something happened or someone did it, don't assume. As was mentioned earlier the scene was designed to make it seem as though the Ironborn burned it down, only to be revealed in s3 what truly happened. That's great TV. It helps set up the Robb betrayal and death. People will go ballastic when Robb dies (before Joffery) they wont be able to comprehend a world where nobility, chivalry, and genuine goodness gets constantly betrayed (Robb, Ned, Tyrion) and people like Joffery go unscathed. It wasn't the book readers who created the buzz about Ned's beheading, it was the nonreaders who took it to the web and generated the huge buzz. I think the writers and producers are doing a marvelous job and will be rewarded DUE to the changes that have been made.
Theon! He had the best scene on the show. That was a great speech. He's an amazing actor, who makes you like Theon, he seems hapless, helpless, having the reverse midas touch. Its great.
I love the show. I love the episode. I love the way these characters are brought to life. I think a lot of them are more amazing due to the actors portraying them than the books could bring to life. Bronn, Tyrion, Robb, and Dany..
At the end of the day this series will and should be different than the books. They should take liberties, make changes, create deeper characters where GRRM left hollow openings. Not all the changes are amazing but some are, and as readers, we should love that -- its new! I, like all of you wish it could have been a 2 hour finale. It wasnt deemed so..
Personally I hope after season 7ish... when the show is done. They make a prequel. I want to see a 3 hour movie about Ned, Robert, and the mad king. Now that's something to get excited about.
735	Burt Clegane	2012-06-07	Good post above.
A three hour cinematic release called "The Rebellion" would be something to treasure.
736	Rockroi	2012-06-07	GRRM in season 1 (the lead up - expose) said he was hands on in creating the world, looking over the script, and helping to develop the story, etc. He is also listed as an executive producer. I highly doubt he would gleefully write episode 9 if he didnt agree with the direction of the show and the subtle changes being made.Martin has said he has absoluetly no say in anything they do with the exception of submitting his final draft of one episode per season. Martin has said in an interview that if HBO wanted to have aliens come down and fight the Others that would be their chocie and he would not be able to stop them. Does he have ANY say?  The writers have said that when they are about to kill a character (who does not die in the books) they ask Martin if this character has any long-term importance in the universe... and even THEN they will still usually go with what they want to do (ie: one o fDrogo's bloodriders is alive in the books, but was killed by Drogo in the series). Martin has also stated that the show has done certain things that he has not liked, most notably the "Robert Hunting Party" scene in Robert's second-to-last episode; he said that having four guys wandering in the woods just looked sad. Martin signed off all creative control (save the one episode he writes) to HBO and its producers; that was the price he paid for HBO to ... meet HIS price.  And this just makes sense; while Martin used to be in TV that was in the 1980s and the medium has changed.  He knows this and knows that he cannot pay attention to things like production costs, casting decisions, story-boarding etc- he has other things to focus on (like writing the next ... heheheh ... I can't even say it with a straight face... no, seriously, writing the next few books... yeah...).  Anyway, those decisions are not for Martin to focus on so he has HBO do that.  And its HBO's money that goes to the show so they get final say.  Always. As far as the episodes that he actually writes I bet he has some say but HBO ALWAYS retains final say in everything.
737	Vhailorian	2012-06-07	Rockroi is correct...an executive producer credit has absolutely no bearing on the accredited person's contribution to the project. Stan Lee is credited as an executive producer for The Avengers...and had no creative input and received no monetary compensation. In Stan Lee's case the executive producer credits were a vanity negotiated as part of the rights deal. I do wish, however, that GRRM had a giant veto hammer to swing...unfortunately...
738	Vhailorian	2012-06-07	Though this is way of the current direction of the thread...Did anyone else notice that when reciting MMD's prophetic words Dany said "When the rivers run dry?" A big swing and a miss...if this was not some crazy intentional change by D&D.
739	Rockroi	2012-06-07	I do wish, however, that GRRM had a giant veto hammer to swing...unfortunately...I was listening to a pod cast of a couple of guys on Grantland talk about Game of Thrones and the Blackwater episode.  And one of these guys wrote a peice where he theroized that when the Hound has his "freak out and retreat" moment and flees the battlefiueld it was because the Hound had just "had enough;" that the Hound saw all these men die for no good reason; that he could not kill enough of the enemy to make them stop; and that at any moment he would have to kill and/or die for some POS like Joff.  And so, the Hound said "Done! Not doing this for one more second."  The author then said that he was LAMBASTED by fans saying "No, the Hound hates fire!"  And that ... irked... the writer.  Because he thought that fans of the books took so much "ownership" in the product that they are (pardon the phrase) totaly closed to alternate interpretations of scenes and motivations. And maybe- just maybe -that's why it MAY be okay for Martin not to swing the veto hammer. For starters, such a power is utterly unrealistic in any type of production; Martin cannot veto everything on HBO's dime. Second, Martin's vetos would invariably be one-way and that would be towards a more book-centrric "interpretation."  And while that may be good in some respects its disasterous in others (Martin has joked MANY times that if he had it his way certain scenes would be bigger, last longer and cost 3x the entire anual budget of the show). Third, sometimes somebody else actually knows better (See "Crows, A Feast for").  Nobody knows this story better than Martin, but maybe some other people cvan briong new dimentions to what is being told (in 10, one hour chunks). And maybe- just maybe -we book fans (or the erroneously titled "Purists") have to take our foot off the gas.  Maybe its okay for other ideas- even if they stray form the books -to come up, simmer in time, roll around in the stew of the story and come out delicious.  Maybe the Hound HAD had enough; maybe it WASN'T the fire that did it; maybe there is room for other storys to rise and fall on their own merits.Maybe there is even room for Roz... nahhhhhh...Anyway, my point is that Martin is the God (lietarlly) of the books.  But this story is sort of an "Alternate Universe" and this story has to be told just a little bit differently here in order to meet the medium.  Its not the books but it may be something else worth experiencing.
740	David Martinez	2012-06-07	I was listening to a pod cast of a couple of guys on Grantland talk about Game of Thrones and the Blackwater episode.  And one of these guys wrote a peice where he theroized that when the Hound has his "freak out and retreat" moment and flees the battlefiueld it was because the Hound had just "had enough;" that the Hound saw all these men die for no good reason; that he could not kill enough of the enemy to make them stop; and that at any moment he would have to kill and/or die for some POS like Joff.  And so, the Hound said "Done! Not doing this for one more second."  The author then said that he was LAMBASTED by fans saying "No, the Hound hates fire!"  And that ... irked... the writer.  Because he thought that fans of the books took so much "ownership" in the product that they are (pardon the phrase) totaly closed to alternate interpretations of scenes and motivations.And maybe- just maybe -that's why it MAY be okay for Martin not to swing the veto hammer.For starters, such a power is utterly unrealistic in any type of production; Martin cannot veto everything on HBO's dime.Second, Martin's vetos would invariably be one-way and that would be towards a more book-centrric "interpretation."  And while that may be good in some respects its disasterous in others (Martin has joked MANY times that if he had it his way certain scenes would be bigger, last longer and cost 3x the entire anual budget of the show).Third, sometimes somebody else actually knows better (See "Crows, A Feast for").  Nobody knows this story better than Martin, but maybe some other people cvan briong new dimentions to what is being told (in 10, one hour chunks).And maybe- just maybe -we book fans (or the erroneously titled "Purists") have to take our foot off the gas.  Maybe its okay for other ideas- even if they stray form the books -to come up, simmer in time, roll around in the stew of the story and come out delicious.  Maybe the Hound HAD had enough; maybe it WASN'T the fire that did it; maybe there is room for other storys to rise and fall on their own merits.Maybe there is even room for Roz... nahhhhhh...Anyway, my point is that Martin is the God (lietarlly) of the books.  But this story is sort of an "Alternate Universe" and this story has to be told just a little bit differently here in order to meet the medium.  Its not the books but it may be something else worth experiencing.And it is actually so close to the books that we should be happy. How many tv producers would agree to kill their main character and star in the first season?
741	Vhailorian	2012-06-08	Actually, I totally agree with you Rockroi. I realize how impossible and unrealistic it would be for GRRM to be constantly looking over the writers shoulders...changing things at a whim. However, that does not always stop me from wishing for it at certain groan worthy moments. (see the Ros, Armeca, Littlefinger scene)
It is also true that sometimes the show writers do in fact know better. Unfortunately, knowing better doesn't always help. An example of this is the fact that D&D clearly realized that Dany's five chapters and miniscule forward progress from ACoK would never work in a television format...but was their solution any better? Maybe, but it is certainly open to debate. That being said, I am for the most part a supporter of the changes that have been made...though there are a few headscratchers. (mostly dropped subplots and prophesy imo)
Even though I started as a purist viewer of the series, (I have read the books 7,7,5,4,4 times respectively) I have let most, if not all, of my angst over the changes go. Most of them are explainable in a variety of ways...even the ones I don't like. Like many on the forums here I find discussing the changes to be a fun intellectual endeavor...though I must admit that there are days that my one non-reader friend probably wants to strangle me as I weigh him down with post viewing history and exposition...muhahahaha I reserve the right as I told him I would stop as soon as he agreed to read the books. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I realized I was no longer a purist when I decided that I actually like Ros and felt she had a place in the show...Twice within my first five posts here I admit to the most unpopular thing on these forums...I must be daft. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
742	Currawong	2012-06-08	And it is actually so close to the books that we should be happy. How many tv producers would agree to kill their main character and star in the first season?And maybe- just maybe -we book fans (or the erroneously titled "Purists") have to take our foot off the gas.  Maybe its okay for other ideas- even if they stray form the books -to come up, simmer in time, roll around in the stew of the story and come out delicious.  Maybe the Hound HAD had enough; maybe it WASN'T the fire that did it; maybe there is room for other storys to rise and fall on their own merits.Yes, yes, and YES.   Frankly, I think it's about time so many of the book purists stop complaining and finding fault with even the tiniest little changes (like the pathetic fuss about omitting weasel soup) - and instead, stand back and appreciate what HAS been achieved.   No adaptation is going to satisfy everyone.  Rather than nipick to death, I think its about time everyone said a great big THANK YOU!  to Dan and David, for having the sheer guts and dedication to do everything necessary to bring this world to our TV screens.  And to GRRM for allowing them to do so.These two men have invested 26 hours a day, 9 days a week, 360 days a year for the last few years, doing their level best to bring GRRM's extremely complex books to life.  They and HBO have assembled an incredible pool of off-screen backstage talent, and an absolutely amazing cast, who continue to deliver over and above anything they might have hoped for (especially the kids).  They have filmed day and night in three or more countries per season, they have produced TV of a quality that is rarely ever seen, and they have signed up to do exactly the same for at least another two seasons.No one is ever going to produce the 'perfect' adaptation of any book, let alone an entire series set in a different world with multiple complicated plot lines and an ever-increasing cast of characters.   I'm just amazed that anyone thought it could be done, and that D &D have actually made it happen.And so at the end of Season 2, I'd just like to say:   Bravo, David and Dan - thank you, thank you, and take a bow.  Take several bows and lots of applause.  (And don't let the turkeys get you down!)  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 08 June 2012 - 01:19 AM.
743	rmholt	2012-06-08	I love in the books how in his final scene so far, in extremity, Theon still has that sh*t eating grin and smart ass attitude. Just to see that, I hope the show has some of his book story.
744	TheDarkOne	2012-06-08	It's rather comical that people keep asserting, as fact no less, that GRRM has to sign off on everything that happens in the show or they can't film it. Absolutely hilarious.
He has stated numerous times that they have complete control over the series and he has little to no input beyond writing one episode per season.
745	HouseLark	2012-06-08	I thought it was a nice touch for Maester Luwin to tell Bran and Rickon to go to Jon. It was just a nice nod from an honest and wise man that Jon was a person who could offer the boys protection. It also demonstrates that decent people like Luwin see a person's true worth and don't just judge them for being a bastard.
746	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-08	I thought it was a nice touch for Maester Luwin to tell Bran and Rickon to go to Jon. It was just a nice nod from an honest and wise man that Jon was a person who could offer the boys protection. It also demonstrates that decent people like Luwin see a person's true worth and don't just judge them for being a bastard.This is outta nowhere but i had to say something. HouseLark. Your signature is awesome. ha
747	legba11	2012-06-08	I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what to say except that having spoken to many many people in the industry (I went to school with a good deal of people who now work in Hollywood) and I have read a good deal on this issue and my impression is that the pull that actors have on a set and in production is huge.  And producers and writers know that they HAVE to keep the talent happy.  Nothing can deep-six a production faster than unhappy talent.  This is why they have to be exceptionally careful in how to cast and deal with those top-drawer characters â<U+0080><U+0093> the actor who plays them can start making demands that, if not met, could destroy a production.  Now, mind you, this RARELY happens, but that's because most sets and productions are dedicated to keeping the talent happy..This reminded me of a funny story from Bruce Campbell's autobiography. He talked abut how miserable Sam Raimi was while filming "The Quick and the Dead" due to the "stars" involved.Sharon Stone would always have her cell phone stuffed somewhere in her costume and refused to stand on her mark so they could get the scene set and lit properly, in the middle of scenes, she would pull out the phone and start talking on it.Gene Hackman when asked to say a slightly different line, "That's not in the script."  After his response, he would not acknowledge Raimi for the rest of the scene.Jack Palance was constantly complaining that his character wasn't heroic enough.  On a day when it really came to a head, luckily Bruce Campbell was visiting on set (he's not in the movie).  So Rami had the crew set up a fake scene, with cameras and everything and "filmed" Palance beating up Campbell to make him happy.That's a good point.  I'm guessing that that they're going to use the news of those deaths as the triggering even for the whole nasty Stark spiral down to the RW.  Kind of like the roller coaster reaching the top of the hill, then crashing down after it crests.  They wanted to save that triggering event so they could immediately follow up with the rest of the story, rather than have the "trigger" in season 2, and the repercussions not start until season 3.Another good point.  I have no idea.  Just guessing, but maybe they'll make it that the siege is actually new, and that's how the Tully's get pulled into the war?  I mean, I suppose the assumption is that they haven't been involved to this point.  So maybe they introduce the Blackfish as being the guy who brings the news to Robb -- escapting from the castle, fighting his way out in some death defying escape, then bringing the news of the siege to Robb and asking for his help. So we meet the Blackfish, and he brings us to the rest of the Tullys?It's a good question.They have made it very clear the Tully's are involved (though they have not been seen).  The first report of the War was Ned's day on the throne where they dumped the fish in the throne room.  I think it was LF who said that was Catelyn's house sigil.  Many times, you've heard Tywin talking about attack the Riverlands.  I posted a list of new characters confirmed by D&D (for season 3), Blackfish and Edmure were on the list.
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 08 June 2012 - 06:02 AM.
748	OighearAgusTine	2012-06-08	as controversial as I have been amongst friends from saying this, I've found the changes to the story quite interesting. If anything my only hang ups in the series so far have been the scenes that should have oozed so much more emotion then they did (JS and Qorin's fight for example). I'm not too annoyed with the changes, but everyone is going to think differently about this!
749	OighearAgusTine	2012-06-08	oh and littlefinger spoiler much!!
750	Rockroi	2012-06-08	Gene Hackman when asked to say a slightly different line, "That's not in the script."  After his response, he would not acknowledge Raimi for the rest of the scene.Just to put a pin in this discussion, this past October marked the tenth anniversary of Royal Tenanbaums (an amazing, amazing movie) and Wes Anderson and the cast of the movie did a series of interviews and con appearances.  And they universally talked about how utterly horrifying it was working with Hackman.  Anderson was basically petrified of the guy, as was Paltrow (who is in basically one scene with him).  It got so bad that the cast basically formed an anti-Hackman possey that would "insulate" the target of his ire from further abuse; basically they would- as a group- stand around that cast member as if to say, "You keep talking you are up against all of us."  Hackman- to his ... credit ... never got out of hand, but never backed down either, going so far to demand that Anderson "grow a pair (of testicles)" and called him a "c_ _ t."  At one point Anderson relied on Bill Murray (who does not give a flying fuck what anyone thinks) to stand around and make sure Hackman did not go crazy on them. Hackman's performance in "Tenanbaums", it should be mentioned, was amazing.  And Anderson and the cast said- almost enthusiastically -that he added a tremendous amount to the movie.  But he was a complete cocksucker. Now, just to add the detractors of this theory will be quick to add (as they should be) that its one thing to be an asshole on the set of an 8-week shoot on a movie; quite another to be one on a massive ongong shoot for a TV series.  I would only say that its not that they ARE being jerks that has the producers watching what they do; its that certain cast members COULD become raging pains in the assess that have them on guard.
751	Brewmaster	2012-06-08	Now, just to add the detractors of this theory will be quick to add (as they should be) that its one thing to be an asshole on the set of an 8-week shoot on a movie; quite another to be one on a massive ongong shoot for a TV series.  I would only say that its not that they ARE being jerks that has the producers watching what they do; its that certain cast members COULD become raging pains in the assess that have them on guard.To add to this, by all accounts this is exactly what happened with Michael Pitt on Boardwalk Empire. He got too much to deal with so they just 
	Spoiler killed his character at the end of last season because of it.
.Considering his role on the show, and popularity that has serious consequences for Boardwalk Empire's longevity.
752	SaintTarl	2012-06-08	I was wrong about GRRM. I had thought he was pleased with the direction of the show and the writing. I suppose things could have changed since the last time I viewed and interview with him. Admittedly I havent watched or read everything out there about where he stands, how he thinks, and his views on the show during season 2.
I suppose at the end of the day it doesnt matter, all opinions are personal. As a major fan of the books, I find myself very much in love with the series due to the tweeks and alterations.
753	dark  sister	2012-06-08	One little thing i wanted to mention that I forgot to in my other post: i love how Joffrey repeats, verbatim, how "I will love you [Marg] from this day, until my last day".  He says the exact same thing to Sansa in the first season when he gives her that dumb lion necklace.
I haven't read all the pages, so maybe someone else noticed that. If so, sorry, I just found it worth mentioning how false he is.
754	dark  sister	2012-06-08	I'm sick of Roz's boobs. Every fricking episode. Whose girlfriend is she? Dan or David's. Finally, an end to Xaro Xhoan Duck Sauce that I liked. Jaquen and the Other's parade made my day. Thank you all for covering my complaints because I can't begin to speak on how much the HotU irked me. I did like the KL throne room scene. Fuckarys!LOLJust...LOLLMFAOXaro Xoan Duck Sauce /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
755	Hear me Meow	2012-06-08	I was wrong about GRRM. I had thought he was pleased with the direction of the show and the writing. I suppose things could have changed since the last time I viewed and interview with him. Admittedly I havent watched or read everything out there about where he stands, how he thinks, and his views on the show during season 2.I suppose at the end of the day it doesnt matter, all opinions are personal. As a major fan of the books, I find myself very much in love with the series due to the tweeks and alterations.Just curious, when has GRRM ever commented specifically on the show's changes to either the characters or the plot. He has noted differences sometimes, like the show's Renly, Shae and Littlefinger being very different from his own versions, but he has never said they were better or worse or whether he thought they were a good idea or not.He always come across, to me anyway, as a moderate kind of book purist. He has said he thinks adaptations usually change too much and they should stick as close as they can to the original writing. When he talked about his own adaptation of Zelazny for tv he did make clear he tried to stick as close to it as possible. As regards Game of Thrones he has said the only character in the show who has influenced his own views is Natalia Tena's Osha.To be honest I doubt we will ever know how Martin really feels about the significant changes. He may have a very relaxed attitude, or he could be secretly quite annoyed. Given he has been handed lots of money, and publicity, is selling tonnes of books and moreover has met the actors and show runners and writes for the show it would be really irresponsible to rock the boat and make out he was unhappy even if he was.
756	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-08	First, we all know he's going to, but Sam's survival is Absurd with a capital A.  Loved the visuals, but the context of it removed me from the show.  My inner bullshit alarm trumped my absorption into the story.  Never a good thing.  Second, I go back and forth with Jon/Qhorin.  On one hand they set up Qhorin so well with Jeor saying he spent all of last winter north of the wall alone.  Jon says "so it is possible." Jeor: "possible for the Halfhand."  Badass!  Then you meet him and he looks the part.  But that's where they left it.  We were only told he was badass, we didn't see it.  Doing it the way they did muddled Jon's motivation, which a part of me likes.  Did he kill him out of anger?  Was he taking him up on the offer to infiltrate Wildling ranks?  Or is he genuinely intrigued by Wildling life, Ygritte's speeches and the knowledge he can't go back to the NW getting the better of him?  I think the writers are going for irony in that Jon is going to learn a lot from the Wildlings (that he's a warg), these people he's been told to hate.  Also, Robb being married in the light of the Seven irked me. 
Let's face it, the show isn't made for us, despite what someone posted earlier about at least a 30% overlap.  If I'm an exec at HBO, I don't see 30% of a reason to make the show more literal, I see 70% of a reason not to.  It isn't made for those that have the books memorized and post on forums when they should be studying, working, or paying attention to their children.  The show is made for people with no knowledge of the story.  No one (at least that I know) read the Red Wedding and got pissed because it was totally spoiled in the House of the Undying.  But that's exactly what would have happened if they showed a corpse with a wolfs head, especially after Arya explicitly gave us Robb's nickname maybe three episodes earlier.  Ok, not the Red Wedding, but certainly Robb's death.  I've even read certain people getting angry because they think D&D are spoiling things in upcoming books with images in the show, and in their next (digital) breath complain that the HotU visions were missing.  Do they not realize the gigantic "fuck you" they are giving to non book readers (70% of the viewership following the estimate above).  Who cares if it completely spoils season 3 for you?  It was in the book and I want to see it!  To me, that's pretty selfish.
Someone a few pages back said that the burning of Winterfell wasn't a cliffhanger.  That no one is going to be anxiously awaiting next season to find that out.  But of the three friends I have that haven't read the books, it was a cliffhanger for every one of them.  They were asking (via email) who did it, was it the Greyjoys, or did, and I'm quoting directly, "the son of that creepy deputy of Robb's go rogue!?"  I think we need to give the viewers a little more credit.  Yes, it's a complex story, but the Game of Thrones viewership probably isn't the Keeping up with the Kardashian's crowd.  After LOST, The Wire, Sopranos, etc. I think tv audiences are indoctrinated into intricate storytelling.
757	Nahlim	2012-06-09	jaqenhghar, my word of advice to you is - stop watching the show. No one is forcing you to. Read the books a 1000 times and be happy with them. Why would you watch something that annoys you?
No one says that you should watch the show just because you read the books. If you don't like it, don't watch and chill. You don't have a responsibility as a fan to set things right.
Oh, and Dany's dragons were fed by her.They didn't eat for themselves. They were babies and couldn't breathe fire. She was probably roasting the meet for them herself.
					
					
							Edited by Nahlim, 09 June 2012 - 12:29 PM.
758	Nahlim	2012-06-09	Frankly, I'm not here often, so I don't really care as much. I just don't understand the existence of "haters" as a whole. Maybe it's masochism. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Hm. Let's say you get a baby dragon... Would you figure it all out in an instant? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
759	Khal Pono	2012-06-09	Oh... i really can hardly weight for that angle to come in each and every single time.Thanks for advice. I know how much better it would make you feel. Obviously.and really...its my one desire in life to just satisfy some random posters requests on the internet.Just look at my Extra Emotionally Engaging reviews.ok, but why do you watch the show? you don't seem to like it very much.  are you going to watch season 3?
760	Istakhr	2012-06-09	I don't think everyone who criticizes aspects of the show here hates the show.
What most people say is that show falls short compared to the books. Certainly many merely good or mediocre shows are also watchable. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
761	Khal Pono	2012-06-09	Because it was made to be watched?Or would you rather that only people that like it completely and utterly watch it?That's the worst answer ever. Kind of like the old I climbed a mountain "because it was there".I could post about 10 links to material that was "made to be watched" but that I can almost guarantee none of you would enjoy seeing on any level.  made to be watched.  sheesh.And since you ask, I suppose I would "rather" that people did not spend their time doing things they do not enjoy doing, if they have any choice in the matter.  People who spend a lot of time doing things they hate tend to be cranky and beligerent.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 09 June 2012 - 01:09 PM.
762	Khal Pono	2012-06-09	Again... strawman arguments. But im oh so greateful for your consideration of my well being there. indeed.:chuckles:Never mistake my interest in my own well being for alturistic interest in yours.  The only reason I don't want you to spend time watching a show you don't like is it reduces the risk of me having to encounter your bitching and complaining on the internet, or in real life, which in turns makes my day-to-day experience more pleasant, as well as yours.
763	Khal Pono	2012-06-09	That was exactly my point, dear Khal Pono. Now, leave the arakh and those skins and whatnot on that other heap of armors and stuff.Im going out so nobody touch my stuff until im back!Please take your time.
764	Nahlim	2012-06-09	Never mistake my interest in my own well being for alturistic interest in yours.  The only reason I don't want you to spend time watching a show you don't like is it reduces the risk of me having to encounter your bitching and complaining on the internet, or in real life, which in turns makes my day-to-day experience more pleasant, as well as yours.That's pretty much it. xDAnd criticizing is okay. Hell, I've done it too for the final episode. But jaqhen here didn't criticize the show, he went and tried to dispute everyone's argument, not by facts, but by his personal views. That's just bitching around.And I'm pretty sure he intended to insult me a little with the "strawman argument" thing, but it's fine. I'm just such a nice person. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
765	dark  sister	2012-06-09	Again... strawman arguments. But im oh so greateful for your consideration of my well being there. indeed.:chuckles:Can you explain to me why you call these people's comments straw man fallacies?  Because here's what I consider a straw man fallacy: "If you don't think that assassinating bin Laden was a good thing, you're like a terrorist yourself who wants to support him".  I don't understand what any of these people said that were straw men.(By the way, are you from the US or Britain?  I ask b/c of the way you write -- and I mean no offense by that.)  I just want to understand why you keep using that term where it doesn't really apply.Also, I consider myself a book-to-tv "purist", I suppose, but I realized a couple of episodes into season 2 that D&D would NOT be following the same course they did as in season one.  The two seasons are so different from each other (imho) it's almost like two different sets of producers made them.  So if you are one who considers the purity important, I totally empathize with you.  But I do think you are being a little bit hostile towards people who are just asking you simple questions.  And I understand.  When I first came to this board, some comments or issues really inflamed me and I would be hostile myself -- but now I try to realize that the more civil a conversation between the users are, the more likely we are to accomplish the goal of getting our points across.  People are much more likely to listen to us if we treat them respect, instead of chuckling at them contemptuously, y'know?  (Or that's what the chuckle seemed like, at least -- I could be wrong.)
766	dark  sister	2012-06-09	Of course, my lady.First, let me state that for an argument to be a strawman it doesnt need to be something overblown. Its simply must state something that has no actual conection or truth in it - put in a way that tries to forcefully and fakely make it seem like the other party is actually thinking such things.Lets take the "book purist" for example. If someone acuses me im a book purist they are strawmaning me - because that term means im supposedly someone who would want a complete 100% adaptation from the book to the visual medium - which is physical imposibility. Literally.Not exactly, even saying "you think that assassinating Bin laden was a bad thing" is enough to be a strawman argument - if that person havent actually stated anything close to that point of view. But yes, thats it more or less.I see what you mean now, my lord /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I have never fully researched what does or doesn't constitute a straw man fallacy; the example I made up was drawn from what I had been taught in high school English writing class, more or less.  So I suppose you're right!Do you actually want a 100% complete adaptation of every word, every scene as it goes in the books, chapter for chapter, each and every description of clothes and food and everything else to be transplanted into a visual medium?Well then...No, no, that's not what I mean by "purist" at all.  Of course, translating one medium to the other in the way you described would be impossible, an exercise in futility, etc.BUT, let's say that compared to other people who seem very accepting of plot lines that weren't in the books, as well as omissions, I am a "purist", although I try to suppress it to a certain extent because I know how hard it is to include everything that's significant (one example of something important that couldn't be included in the first season was the information about Rhaegar, Lyanna, and Ned's recollections of the Tower of Joy.  But I understood how hard it is to make a dream sequence seem coherent).However, certain aspects of the second season that do annoy me as a purist was the inclusion of Ros in so many pointless nudity scenes (and dialogue scenes) because...and let me say this delicately for fear of getting another warning point...I don't think it was necessary for her to be in the season as much as she was. Hint hint wink wink nudge nudge.  Those are the politics of Hollywood that can make me a little pissed.Also, the execution of some of the modified plot lines, imho, left viewers very, very confused.  Not just confused in the way one should be confused and anticipating when one reaches a cliffhanger, but just genuinely trying to figure out what the heck was going on.  I watched the show with intelligent viewers who hadn't read the books, so I know that for a fact.  So that's what I mean when I call myself a "purist".Since the first season it was clear the production is overrun with numerous so called executive producers mingling and adjusting all of it, being a burden and an overall pain in the...something.as stated in that one interview with the company that did CGI - which then hasnt been taken for a second season.Not to mention constant changes of directors and writers too... which isnt the best thing imaginable by itself.That's interesting, because while I noticed all the executive producers and directors (aside from the constant Benioff & Weiss) I never read about the interview with the CGI company and the effect it may have had on the series.  I did notice how little Dany's dragons were shown in the second season.  And also, there were decisions made concerning the dragons which I didn't understand -- why not just follow the book where Dany remembers what Viserys said about only men and dragons eating cooked meat, instead of calling him a "fool" countless times?  Yes, he was vain and proud, but he actually DID know a lot about dragons.  If she had even just said that line about dragons eating cooked meat, the confusion over whether they ate at all while crossing the red waste (and indeed, in Qarth) would have been solved.  They wouldn't have even had to have shown the dragons.Purity in the sense i described above - certainly not. It is not possible at all.I consider end quality and good decisions about what gets changed and even more imprtantly HOW it is changed - important. Essential.Well, I totally agree with that, I'm sorry if you misunderstood me.Hostile? This is not hostility. Just a fully fledged discussion between adults.And my arguments and reactions to lack of actual arguments from the other side which prefers to use strawman arguments and simplistic logical falacies as defense.I appreciate the sentiment. And yes, you didnt understand that chuckle entirely correctly. It wasnt contempt but meriment. Khal Pono then went and proved it in his next answer.Or... walked right into it, shall we say. Dont worry... im sure he will be alright after a maester or two look him over.Haha, okay -- you see?  It's really hard to read what someone's tone is when it's in print sometimes.  (Other times it's all too obvious and very hostile!)Anyway, thanks for the explanations.
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 09 June 2012 - 05:15 PM.
767	Sunni	2012-06-09	I'm enjoying the series a lot.  It's interesting to follow the changes from the books.  HBO seems to be solving something that troubles me with the books (which I LOVE, otherwise) and that is the sheer number of characters.  I really got lost in during the book that begins with (is it 7??) acolytes at the Citadel.  I kept thinking how hard it was to keep the names straight.  
To my mind it's better, especially on television, to have the main characters interact with each other more. I loved Arya and Tywin's interactions.  I loved seeing Littlefinger with the Tyrells and with Catelyn.   I loved seeing Khal Drogo in the House of the Undying.  I don't think backstory would play well on TV.  Sure, I love the story about Rhaegar, and the prophecies, but I don't think I'd be able to absorb it in a 48-58 minute episode that also deals with the many, many other main characters.  When reading, it helps that I can reread chapters of the books, or look at the family trees, or find the Dunk and Egg stories, etc.  Reading is a completely different experience.  
Along those lines, I can't imagine we're going to get an entire tv season where Dany, Sansa, and Cersei just don't appear.  At least I hope not.
I'm also going to have to watch the Valar Morghulis episode again, because I only saw wights at the end.  I didn't notice any White Walkers, just the slow, clumsy wights.  I'm not sure I remember seeing the Others at all.  Where they in the very first episode?
768	Ser Dontos	2012-06-09	Quarth has changed a lot, but I can't say I don't like the changes. The whole Dany story seems to be heavily altered, but it makes sense in terms of character development. All the other changes in the season are mostly good IMHO, since the "goal" of each story seems to be the same. The main difference between books and TV adaptation is basically the POV, or better the lack of. In the books we always experience what the character sees, hears and feels, but in the TV series we are the invisible observer, we can't read the feelings of the characters. I think that's the main reason way some scenes had to be altered, since some points of the "book story" only make sense if one can read the characters thoughts and feelings.All in all it's a good episode, it's not like in the books, but I never liked Dany's adventures anyway. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the WW didn't do anything about Sam.I'm also going to have to watch the Valar Morghulis episode again, because I only saw wights at the end.  I didn't notice any White Walkers, just the slow, clumsy wights.  I'm not sure I remember seeing the Others at all.  Where they in the very first episode?The white thing riding the horse and looking at Sam is apperently a Walker, shortly before the credits show up there's another mounted WW.
769	wotad	2012-06-10	the nxt book dany doesnt even appear so the next series i probs wont even watch if she aint in it
770	Istakhr	2012-06-10	Well, another pretty big butterfly that i didnt even notice before from all the incredible other things is that, for all intents and purposes, Daenerys is now a Queen of Qarth.The show striped away any other power group that could contend with that. Xaro and Pyat kill the thriteen , she kills Pyat and Xaro - therefore she is now defacto the ruler of tv version of Qarth.Why is she going to leave? Not to mention anything else.Well, in the show it is because she is an idiot, who is manipulated by Jorah to go to westeros with just one ship and dozen Dothraki. They will find some reason for her to go to Slave Cities instead of Westeros next season.
771	David Selig	2012-06-10	Well, another pretty big butterfly that i didnt even notice before from all the incredible other things is that, for all intents and purposes, Daenerys is now a Queen of Qarth.The show striped away any other power group that could contend with that. Xaro and Pyat kill the thriteen , she kills Pyat and Xaro - therefore she is now defacto the ruler of tv version of Qarth.Why is she going to leave? Not to mention anything else.So you automatically become a monarch when you kill the previous one even if your power base consist of a handful of men and you have no other followers? It doesn't work this way.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 10 June 2012 - 08:45 AM.
772	Istakhr	2012-06-10	So you automatically become a monarch when you kill the previous one even if your power base consist of a handful of men and you have no other followers? I t doesn't work this way.Well, according to the show Xaro became king exactly this way, he didn't even have a dozen soldiers that Danny has.But really it is all nonsense and nothing that happened in the Show in Qarth was logical.
					
					
							Edited by Istakhr, 10 June 2012 - 03:09 PM.
773	legba11	2012-06-10	the nxt book dany doesnt even appear so the next series i probs wont even watch if she aint in itShe has a HUGE part in book 3.
774	wotad	2012-06-10	She has a HUGE part in book 3.my bad i ment the book afterxd
775	legba11	2012-06-10	They clearly won't follow Martin's poorly chosen path for book 4.  They have said Season 3 is half of book 3, I expect (with a bit of it already having happened) that book 4 will not be given it's own season and we'll see parts of it in season 4 (with the rest of book 3) and season 5 (with book 5)
776	EgoistMusketeer	2012-06-10	So Ive seen the closing scene of this ep like 4 times and everytime they hear the third horn blast I get chills.  Their expressions and reactions are priceless.
777	rmholt	2012-06-10	What...excuse me.... GRRM left what? Where?<spittake>Well, having Jaqen just refuse to kill Tywin because Tywin went a bit away from HarehallMy take on the Jaqen thing was that he didnt have TIME to kill Tywin as fast as Arya needed - We should surely love that. All of us. Thank you for telling "us" what "we" should do. Emotionally.And here someone tried to tell me that this was the snarkier forum <G>
778	rmholt	2012-06-10	Well, according to the show Xaro became king exactly this way, he didn't even have a dozen soldiers that Danny has.But really it is all nonsense and the nothing that happened in the Show in Qath was logical.Next season will feature Viserys coming out of the shower and Dany saying I just had a hell of a dream.
779	rmholt	2012-06-10	re: Straw man
When you want to falsely but convincingly take apart someone's argument you create a straw man (like the fake guys on the wall) and then shoot him down.  Meanwhile the real man is going - hey!  That aint right!
780	rmholt	2012-06-10	So you automatically become a monarch when you kill the previous one even if your power base consist of a handful of men and you have no other followers? It doesn't work this way.Actually, as Istakhr pointed out, - yes you do. And yes, thats exactly how it works.that is why Jaime is on the iron throne.  or is it Ned.
781	Nahlim	2012-06-10	@NahimFirst - i did criticize the show - a lot. Not by just stating my feelings about it but by providing arguments why something is badly done.Which is something youre apparently incapable of.The strawman argument is not an insult - it is what you are doing.What exactly am I doing? I have criticized what needed to be criticized (maybe not in this topic), but I have the right to like the show and try to understand why the writers are doing the things they are doing. Also, I have the right to not give a damn that the show is making some big changes. But if I decide to keep watching, I am not going to come here and cry about everything I didn't like.Also, you didn't see me quoting everyone who said something I disagree with and telling them they are crazy and/or stupid for thinking so.I am sorry I suggested that you should not watch the show if you don't like it and if it aggravates you. Please do watch and maybe throw a chair into your tv/computer the next time you feel annoyed because D&D have made a not so smart decision or have changed something that you think was not supposed to be changed.
					
					
							Edited by Nahlim, 10 June 2012 - 03:33 PM.
782	TyrionTargaryen	2012-06-11	Keep in mind folks before shredding this show as if you could do better... Season 3 will have less pages per hour than the first two seasons. This means they can get back on track and possibly start incorporating more history as well as stick more to the book.
All shows have non logical scenes that don't make sense if you stop to think about them. When GoT comes on, I take reality and chuck it out the window for an hour and just enjoy it.
					
					
							Edited by TyrionTargaryen, 11 June 2012 - 08:26 AM.
783	Rockroi	2012-06-11	Jaqenhghar:err... I dont think you understand what im trying to say here.Im not saying Daenerys should have had a much lesser role or time aloted.I am saying that whatever time they gave her it should have been done in much better ways than it was.I actually understood exactly what you were saying- that Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story-line could have had more or less time provided it worked and that Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story-line did not really work.  See, I actually agreed with all that.  I just went one step further and said it should have been minimized.  Dany has little to do in the book and the show could have kept Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s timesmall and increased the time with the other characters.  And if they needed more time for other story lines then they could theoretically reduce Daenerys line and still have it work much better than this utter nonsense we got to see.Agreed.You "fans" should stop inventing excuses and telling outright lies about how good the show is... What did come out as "delicious" of this giant failure? The visuals? Something else?Okay now you are kinda just being intentionally arrogant.  Most fans on these boards like the show for man, many reasons.  And its actually a pretty well done show given the constraints of the show (5 novels each one well over 500 pages and trying to cram them into 10, one hour episode seasons).  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no small feat.  And so far the show has done very well in making this happen.  Now, we can criticize what they put out there; some has been good, some not so much, some actually bad. What makes it so worthy of experience? Visuals? The fact that it is changed? Regardless of how good a change is?No.  Of course some changes are going to be really good and others not so much.  The point is not to get married to just â<U+0080><U+009C>what was in the booksâ<U+0080><U+009D>; there is no way the show could exist if it had to be 100% (or even 75%) what was in the books.  No way; the show would be 25 hours just to get through GoTand cost millions of dollars more than what as been spent so far on 10 episodes.  The fact that if something is changed then its new and you havent seen it before so youll just take anything at all thrown at you...?I never said that; I never implied that.  JH, I think you are basically just picking a fight with everyone- you call some nitpickers, others purists, and then jump around attacking everyone.  Here is my bottom line.The medium has a limit.  Television has a limit.  We have to recognize that the show is going to be expressed through this limited medium.  In some ways there will be improvements (Robert, Viserys, Arya and Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes; Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actions are better understood) and some are going to be not as good (Dany being the most obvious choice; Roz has been underwhelming).  But there are reasons for all this.  And you either accept that or you donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t.  And if you donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t you are basically denying yourself the chance to enjoy what is there.
784	Nahlim	2012-06-11	@jaqenhghar I don't even know why I am taking any time to talk to you. You strike me as one of the typical "always right on the forum" types. I'm not saying that you truly are, or that such a type exists, but it does in my head. xD
Have a nice day.
					
					
							Edited by Nahlim, 11 June 2012 - 12:55 PM.
785	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-12	The facts are that this show seems to be overwhelmingly loved by a huge audience. "How or why am I supposed to enjoy something that is blatantly bad?" your absolutetly entitled to your opinion. Why come to a forum about a show that you think this, is what I would wonder? When Jersey Shore came out my first response wasn't let me go straight to the forum on MTV so I can trash it. I just didn't watch it and in turn didn't go to their forums to discuss it.
786	Arawni	2012-06-12	"Picking a fight" has a certain conotation to it that i dont subscribe too. It may look like that to you... but that doesnt mean thats what im doing.And i really dont appreciate such acusations just because someone has a very one sided perspective.If it looks like a duck, if it walks like a duck, if it swims like a duck... it usually is a duck. If many here feel that you are bein aggressive and picking up a fight, it's either they are all wrong and you should just stop hanging out with us ignorant fools or you might reconsider how you express yourself.Those are just two of the most common strawman arguments used.Seriously, it's an ad hominem, not a straw man when one is calling other party with some names and uses that as an argument. Somebody pointed out this already.Yeah... the reason is that this "adaptation" isnt really an adaptation, but a fan fiction put into the visual medium by several people who are simply incompentent to do it in an actually good way.When does adaptation change into fan fiction? Who is the judge who gets to decide when there's too much change? You?Aha... its my fault eh? How or why am i supposed to enjoy something that is blatantly bad?I've enjoyed a lot of bad things. Granted, I've enjoyd them exactly for this reason, but still, not impossible. Secondly, you don't have to enjoy GoT. Don't. Hate it. Despise it. Bitch about it. Nobody cares.But as you demand not to be coersed to like the show because it's so "bad", what right do you have to call people liars because they think the show is good and they liked. You're making  huge scene about how you should have a RIGHT to hate the show but refuse to grant same right to others. Well, of course we don't need that, we'll like it anyway, but it does seem hypocritical.nah... look.. you occasionally write a really good post that isnt headache inducing and all but,.... all of this is simply completely illogical statements and strawmans (however unintentional they may be) piled one over another.You do like the word "straw man", do you?...Many here have suggested that if something causes you headache and acute anger and stress, you might want to avoid it. Since you clearly are not inclined to take the advice, I'm not going to repeat it. Quite the contrary, I wish you a lot of headache in the future if it means that this great master piece of a TV show continues to do it's wonderful work as it has done so far!
787	Rockroi	2012-06-12	If somebody does not like the show- for whatever reason -that's their choice.   Its every person's God given right to like or dislike something.  Therefore, I don't really want to "debate" why I like GoT (the show) and why jaqenhghar does not.  That's not a very good debate; more like "Shut up"/ "No, you shut up!"I have posted multiple very, very long posts as to WHY I like certain parts of the show and WHY I do not like other parts.  I think that this is very important; anyone can give their opinion, but in order to get people to understand your opinion; in order to get people to appreciate your opinion; in order to get people to listen to, consider and otherwise value your opinion one must give them some evidence that your opinion has weight, that its measured and that it has substance to back it up.This is the second reason why I will not debate JH.  I know he does not like the show, and I know that he likes decrying the show.  However, other than bare assertions that X sucks or that Y is terrible, he does not give us much substance, much weight or much reason to keep listening.  Therefore, he is BY ALL MEANS entitled to his opinion, but because I believe there is "no there there" I don't think there is much to appreciate about his opinions.It would be like beating up a strawman.Get it?
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 12 June 2012 - 02:50 PM.
788	Ciglon	2012-06-12	I think the Dany arc in GoT is going to be something to really show her growth as a ruler. First, she will leave Qarth with no ruler or political system and it will fail and crumble away (first mistake). Then she will leave Astapor with a poorly chosen government of the scribe, wise man, etc that will not work either (second mistake), then she will leave Yunkai untaken and they will want to go to war with her (third mistake).
Not until she goes to Meereen will she realize that if she conquers a city and wants to turn it into a good and prosperous land, she must stay and do it herself, she can't trust other people to run a government the way she thinks it should be run. This would be a good way to simplify her progression as a character for the tv program imo.
789	boojam	2012-06-13	I think the Dany arc in GoT is going to be something to really show her growth as a ruler. First, she will leave Qarth with no ruler or political system and it will fail and crumble away (first mistake). Then she will leave Astapor with a poorly chosen government of the scribe, wise man, etc that will not work either (second mistake), then she will leave Yunkai untaken and they will want to go to war with her (third mistake).Not until she goes to Meereen will she realize that if she conquers a city and wants to turn it into a good and prosperous land, she must stay and do it herself, she can't trust other people to run a government the way she thinks it should be run. This would be a good way to simplify her progression as a character for the tv program imo.Versus the books the show simplified everything, the real rulers, The Pureborn are left out, they would still be there.But from just what is shown on the screen we can deduce the wealthy merchant guilds that provide the infrastructure are still there , just need to replace the 13. The trade that makes Qarth so wealthy is not going away so it is an easy step to suppose that a new ruling class would arise. Qarth is not going to crumble. If even the Pureborn and Tourmaline Brotherhood and the Ancient Guild of Spicers are never mentioned Qarth will survive with a new reconstituted government. Actually being a Free City, they might have accepted Dany as a queen. I sure would have made a better base for her than Meereen. She could have sailed to Slaver's bay got her army, brought it back and not have to deal with that cesspool of Meereen.But all this discussion is silly. D and D are not going to dispose of all SoS's drama with the cities of Slavers Bay, that was the main big action in that novel. What's this about Yunkai being untaken? Yunkai surrendered  to Dany in SoS Daenerys IV. She just didn't leave a proper occupying force.The one thing that becomes glaring in ADwD is that Dany needed a savvy political adviser, before taking Astapor  , like Tyrion, who would  have anticipated all the troubles she would have by not being Machiavellian enough.In fact I worry about Season 3 (and looks like season 4) because when Dany goes into 'Alexander the Great' mode there is a very large vista for Dany in SoS , actually bigger than Blackwater. Maybe they can pull off Astapor and at least one of the battles.
							Edited by boojam, 13 June 2012 - 05:19 AM.
790	rmholt	2012-06-13	I think the Dany arc in GoT is going to be something to really show her growth as a ruler. First, she will leave Qarth with no ruler or political system and it will fail and crumble away (first mistake). Then she will leave Astapor with a poorly chosen government of the scribe, wise man, etc that will not work either (second mistake), then she will leave Yunkai untaken and they will want to go to war with her (third mistake).Not until she goes to Meereen will she realize that if she conquers a city and wants to turn it into a good and prosperous land, she must stay and do it herself, she can't trust other people to run a government the way she thinks it should be run. This would be a good way to simplify her progression as a character for the tv program imo.I think Dany's big weakness is, as in the book, love.  In this case it is love for "her" people.  She wont be ready to rule until she gets over that.  Meereen wasnt exactly a ringing success.Right now the arc has her heading away from Meereen, possibly with the killer enteritis.Marie
791	boojam	2012-06-14	I think Dany's big weakness is, as in the book, love.  In this case it is love for "her" people.  She wont be ready to rule until she gets over that.  Meereen wasnt exactly a ringing success.Right now the arc has her heading away from Meereen, possibly with the killer enteritis.MarieI remember , thinking,  in E9 when Cersei told Sansa something like, "To be Queen you have to learn to have the small folk fear you.... that had that been Queen Elisabeth I .... she would have told Sansa "To be Queen you have to learn to have the small folk love you, and the high born fear you."
792	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-15	Do you think Dany will appoint a new ruler for Qarth?
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 15 June 2012 - 07:37 AM.
793	boojam	2012-06-15	Do you think Dany will appoint a new ruler for Qarth?In the books there was no 'ruler' , except by 'committee' (more than we see on the show).We never find out if XXD ever really carried through on his plans, maybe the Qartheen would not have accepted them.I wonder how the hell they work out the deal with the three ships sent her by Illyrio who sent representatives Arstan and Belwas.Can't quite figure out how E3 and leaving Qarth will work out next season.Note added: Just going by the narrative on the show, what if one of the 13 died or quit or whatever, who took their place?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 15 June 2012 - 06:05 PM.
794	Greywolf2375	2012-06-15	In the books there was no 'ruler' , except by 'committee' (more than we see on the show).We never find out if XXD ever really carried through on his plans, maybe the Qartheen would not have accepted them.I wonder how the hell they work out the deal with the three ships sent her by Illyrio who sent representatives Arstan and Belwas.Can't quite figure out how E3 and leaving Qarth will work out next season.Note added: Just going by the narrative on the show, what if one of the 13 died or quit or whatever, who took their place?My totally unsubstantiated guess would be that the remaining members would vote/select/id whomever they thought should take that spot and <poof> that person is in.
795	FrozenFire3	2012-06-20	Keep in mind folks before shredding this show as if you could do better... Season 3 will have less pages per hour than the first two seasons. This means they can get back on track and possibly start incorporating more history as well as stick more to the book.All shows have non logical scenes that don't make sense if you stop to think about them. When GoT comes on, I take reality and chuck it out the window for an hour and just enjoy it.I'm hoping (since they have less pages to cover up) they will start incorporating some more history... it's so important! There would be no song of ice and fire if all that happened before the books hadn't happened. But characters like Rhaegar have been mentioned like twice in 2 seasons... people who watch the series (non-readers) barely know who he is... well, crossing my fingers /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
796	HannibalStark	2012-06-21	The House of the Undying sequence was terrible. It was almost as if they read the chapter and decided to jettison everything that made it great. Well, that's two for two now. They cut out my favorite scene in AGoT and now they've done the same for ACoK. Maybe they'll have the Red Wedding occur off-screen.I have always kinda been alright with giving them a lot of leeway with Dany's story, as long as the end results are the same (which we actually haven't read yet) and she "learns" the same lessons, I am more than willing to cut them slack with her story, much more so than any of the others.  Since a lot of the PtWP stuff is up in the air, and introducing new characters in her visions are difficult....having an accurate to the books sequence would have been difficult at this point, I guess I didn't feel too upset with the change.Don't get me wrong, I am dying to see ALL of her visions and seeing Rhaegar and others... I would have giggled like a little girl while watching it, if they could have done it...I guess I can understand why they couldn't.  It would have been awesome for the book readers but overly confusing for just the TV viewers.But this is one of the only places I can forgive changes like this....
797	STANN1SBARATHEON	2012-06-21	For all of us ice and fire book lovers this series has really let us down, yes george martin wrote "blackwater" and many agree that this was the season's beast episode, but the airing of season two has reinforced a notion i've had in the back of my mind since i started reading these books and subsequently saw them on television;  that  as this show continues season by season and book by book, that the story would become too difficult to shoot for film, that the first season would ultimately be the best one because it was the easiest to translate to film (specifically in ten hours as a television series), but as the stories become more complicated, more is sacrificed in the writing room and on the cutting room floor in order to make a tv series that is pleasing to mass audiences and to network executives who ultimately are interested in dollar signs.  the result is the loss of certain aspects of the books that give them their greatest appeal, and their absence from the series is nothing short of heartbreaking for all of us who followed george on this journey throughout Westeros and across the Narrow Sea.
From a poor introduction to Stannis/Melissandre and Dragonstone to the absence still of key characters like the Tully side of Lady Catelyn's family, to Robb Stark marrying some completely made up character instead on Jeyne Westerling at the Crag (and not in front of a heart tree, and done in the light of the seven to boot!  his father hasn't been dead for that long!  has Robb forgotten the old gods already?) this series has really been upsetting in the aspects of the story that it sacrifices and what it replaces it with instead, brand new scenes and conversations between characters that don't propel storyline forward but frustrate us real fans who were looking for people and places and conversations that we'll never see.
tyrion's great chain.  they never made it, we never got to see that extra bit of his cunning.  no wildfire being thrown from the battlements, also sad.
roose bolton at harrenhal, nope.  we got tywin instead.  not bad, but the roose storyline would have gone along nicely with a reek/ramsay who sacks winterfell at the end of the book/season
No brother and sister reed to take bran to the three eyes crow beyond the wall, are we to assume that osha will take me and rickon both to the last green see-er
i could go on and on but i won't, sorry for the rant, there's just so much we loose in the visual translation from book to film, so sad...
798	STANN1SBARATHEON	2012-06-21	and the three eyed crow is now a three eyed raven!  geez, what next, i bet they'll make hodor the actual prince that was promised, or something crazy like that
799	EgoistMusketeer	2012-06-21	and the three eyed crow is now a three eyed raven!  geez, what next, i bet they'll make hodor the actual prince that was promised, or something crazy like thatyeah that was a legitimate annoyance for me.  The audience cant be hinted that it will be a former member of the NW if they don't have the word crow.  And they aren't familiar with BloodRaven at all so they won't be clued in by the use of the word Raven.
800	Robin Of House Hill	2012-06-21	For all of us ice and fire book lovers this series has really let us down, yes george martin wrote "blackwater" and many agree that this was the season's beast episode, Just gotta love typos, sometimes.I enjoy the books, too.  I'm reading them for the second time.  However, if a season consists of ten one hour episodes, there are certain changes that have to be made.  Some things are going to get left out and changes in the story line will have to be made, accordingly.  Also, things must be simplified so the average TV audience can understand it.  The show is an adaptation, not a copy.
801	The Anti-Targ	2012-06-21	Watching the episode a second time allowed me to detach from the disappointments associated with the mangling of the source material and assesst it on its own merits. I must say I enjoyed the episode over all much more second time around (an experience I've had for almost all the shows this season, unlike last season). I realised how there were very few scenes to which I reacted negatively, but they were substantial problems from my perspective so they coloured the entire show. There was really very little wrong with the show before Robb's wedding scene.
So I can see for non-book readers that the finale was pretty decent, which while it doesn;t really give me any greater personal satisfaction it does give me confidence in how well the series is set for maintaining popularity going into season 3. Now it's just a matter of hoping they make a better go of the upcoming material knowing they have 2 seasons to play with to get through aSoS.
802	Harrad	2012-06-23	For all of us ice and fire book lovers this series has really let us down,Not true. There isn't a single movie taken from a book that doesn't change, compress, consolidate the action and characters in the book. The criterion for judging the movie is whether it is true to the book, or even provides insights that weren't evident in the book. With 10+ hours/book HBO has more of an opportunity to tell the story of the book and does a good job. Some of the criticisms online admit they are nitpicking. Others think they are not. But they are. I don't speak for anyone else and I don't appreciate others speaking for me. For me the HBO series provides a good visualation and characterization of the books, with more to come.
803	Ewan	2012-06-26	Haven't read the books so it left it on a good cliffhanger for me, especially with the Sam bit.
804	FanTasy	2012-07-02	In my country Season Two has not been on TV (well, it's a bloody shame, Season One will be aired this autumn ...) so I had to view season 2 at some health risks for my computer, and not always in good quality. Although I mourn the loss of lots of character development and scenes that I loved from the books I suppose the adaptation is as good as one can expect from an adaptation. I have read all novels for the fifth time, so there is a chance I like them a lot. It would simply be not fair to expect the TV show to live up to that. Mainly they stayed true to the story, I think. I watched it with an open mind and tried to see its merits as just that, an adaptation. No more, no less - and kudo's to the show.If I would allow myself to be upset about what they did not show, it would be for the character development of Arya. I'm not sure what happens with her characterwise will be fully understood now that her life at Harrenhal is shown as a cupbearer for Tywin Lannister. Sure, she observes cruelty, but in the books she is in a much less comfortable position. That made the choices she made for the names she gave to Jaqen in the books not wise but very understandable, considering what she went through and the fears she had. The names she gave Jaqen in the show made her choices silly, I'm afraid to say. Maybe the show is saving the hardening of her character and the actions that she takes according to this hardening till a particular event in season 3.Joffrey ... I admire what is done with the character in the show but I mourn the loss of pity that I have always had for him when reading the books. For as evil as his actions are, in the books he is someone to feel pity for: a disturbed, very evil boy, abandoned by his two fathers and used for her own purposes by his mother, The adaptation for me leaves no room for pity for this character and so there is loss of character depth.  Dany. I was surprised what they have done to her storyline in Episode 10. I think they could not show the visons and prophecies of the House of the Undying at this stage. You can read about this in a book but I guess it can't be shown on screen. What they did show was very telling though: the throne room in ruins, nothing for her there, explaining the choices she makes in season 3 - and the choice she makes at that tent that is located near the Wall. Nicely done.Jon and Sam. Oh boy. The scenery was great and I'm thankful that it matched what I envisioned and felt of the scenery beyond the Wall when I read the books. Sam is the Sam I picture in my mind when I read the books, Alas ... Jon in the TV Show is not the character I grew to find very, very interesting and multi-layered, when reading the books. But let's wait and see what the actor can do with the character in Season 3.The white walkers. I liked very much what they did in the scene with Sam, the image of them 'herding' the wights. They came close to my image of the white walkers, allthough they were a bit too solid. In my mind they have always been sort of made up of the white mist that is connected to them.All in all, I liked Episode 10 and Season 2 as an adaptation. I'm thankful for the TV Show for the images that fit with the images I have made up in my mind, for the landscapes and for some characters. My 'Jorah' was a different Jorah than Ian Glenn, but he made it change. The same with Bronn, the Hound, Stannis, Theon, Tywin. I have more trouble with the image of the show-Cersei, Catelyn, Tyrion, But lets see what they will do with their characters in Season Three.Edited for typo's and spelling.
							Edited by FanTasy, 02 July 2012 - 06:52 AM.
805	BaleriOne	2012-07-08	So the only thing that can kill the Whitewalkers and others is fire...AND dragonglass weapons right?
806	WenchofTarth	2012-07-08	HBO is staying much more faithful to the books than many would when adapting from source material.  There will always be changes often not to the good but that is simply something to tolerate, even if it does leave you muttering in annoyance after seeing it, heh.  I myself mourn the loss of the innocence, ignorance and self-doubts that plague book-Brienne that is lost in the tv version.  Maybe we'll see some of that come next season when there is a larger focus on Jaime.
*crosses fingers*
807	Zar Lannister	2012-07-08	I think the Saga has been well summarized. While I was a bit thrown off about the TV-Daenerys storyline, I don't think it's something too out of line.
At least I can confirm now that Daenerys isn't entirely insane and Qaithe isn't a product of her mind, which despite there being things in the books pointing otherwise, I was still paranoid about.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 08 July 2012 - 11:08 AM.
808	templar7	2012-08-21	Loved the foreshadowing in the HOTU- the throne room covered in Snow.... Bring on the R+L=J partisans.Loved Dany being very Targaryen with locking XXD and Dorreah in the empty vault. Don't piss off a Targ....even a realtively sane one.Loved the dragons sitting there anticipating Dany giving them the word....Flame On!Loved Theon and Luwin's scene.Loved Tyrion's scene with Shae. Should really pay off if they conclude Shae's storyline like the book.OTOH....Jon and the Half-Hand's fight left some of the non-book readers I watch with lost and confused. They should have set that up better and more clearly.The three horn blasts and the attack of the Others and Walkers didn't really convey the dread it should have. The scene felt flat and the look of the Other was not what I've pictured...but it's not my show to run... The Other apparently looking right at Sam and then moving on was just dumb.Overall, an excellent episode.I agree with everything you said except the last part about the white walkers. I loved that scene. The third horn blast and Ed yelling "RUN!" As far as the white walker ignoring Sam, the same could be said for season 1 episode 1 when the deserter was aparently let go aswell, only to be beheaded by Eddard once captured. I'm thinking the White walkers like to leave a survivor to spread fear of their return. Just my 2 cents
809	once you go black	2012-11-11	Where are Reek and Ramsay bolton?
810	once you go black	2012-11-11	More importantly is 'Slayer' going to slay one white walker out of a whole army.
Didn't get how that is going to work out.
811	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-23	Highlights for me - the tenderness of the scene between Shae and Tyrion.  It will make eventual betrayal much worse, if it happens?  Some doubts, there are so many changes.I have this terrible feeling they are going to have Tywin kill Shae, and Tyrion kill him in revenge.
812	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-23	I can't even...brain is mush right now...LOVED Theon's scene with Luwin. He was pretty hilarious about the guy who kept blowing the horn. Heh. I sort of loved his "northern mating call" speech. It was pretty funny. Oh, and FUCK YOU DAGMER(I don't care how sexy I think your voice is /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' /> ).Dany was badass. She's so awesome on the show. Oh, and FU Doreah as well. Justice for Irri!!!! I loved her raiding Xaro's things in the end.Sansa's reaction to no longer being engaged to Joff was wonderful. It was very well conveyed since we can't be in her thoughts like in the books. Oh, and FU Littlefinger, too. "I thought of your mom as a sister" (yeah whatever)"Sister" seems to mean something different in Westeros. Just ak Jaime and the Targaryans.Goodbye beautiful, gorgeous lovely face Jaqen. Hello weird looking man.House of Undying was fine. As a book reader, there were stuff I wish I got to see, but on its own it is okay. It is just not as cool as it was on the books. I would have liked some prophecy. Aren't they kind of important for her story?Not too crazy about Robb/Jeyne whoever marriage or his attitude to Cat. Call her what you will, but his reaction to her was NOT very kingly.Not KINGLY? Kings usually execute traitors.
813	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-23	I really disliked Stannis' characterization, I always saw him as stoic, brooding, and irritable, not a man who flies into rages and strangles others on a whim. It seems almost like the different screenwriters are interpreting his chracacter completely differently. He went from a determined, just, and somewhat depressed/dour commander in episode 8, to a reckless action hero in episode 9, and now he's a tempermental domestic abuser? Pick your key chracteristics and stick with them until there's adequate explanation for a personality change, Stannis seems like he'd be diagnosed with dissociative personality disorder at this point. Pretty upsetting that they've reduced my favourite character to a mercurial bully.Other than that, I was pretty satisfied with the episode, would have been cool to see Arya kill someone; but the ending more than made up for that.And a note on the ending, they really changed the White Walker style, they went from black and shadowy to pale with hair? Are we dealing with different types of White Walkers, or entities all together? Double standard much? You're bothered by Stannis choking the woman who murdered his brother and spurred him on to humiliating defeat at King Landing, but disappointed Arya didn't get to murder anyone? I guess violence is only bad when directed at female characters? "TAKE BACK THE NIGHT!" It DOES seem that you and Martin have a similar sentiment. Two seasons in and ONE woman has been brutaly killed (by another woman, so maybe THAT'S okay), while dozens of men have been butchered on screen.Catelyn betrays the King in the North, and is given house arrest. Osha tries to kill Bran and Robb, and is hired as the boys' nanny. Ygritte puts her own head on the chopping (stone) and Jon Snow falls in love with her. Tywin FREAKING Lannister engages in verbal sparring with a high-born Northerner and lets her handle his food and drink.Yeah - that ALL makes complete sense./sarcasm  /rantAlthough, I do agree that Stannis leading the castle attack was ridiculous. He was a foot away from having a dropped stone pulp HIS head. Way to tempt destiny, there, Chosen One.
814	TheReal_Rebel	2012-11-23	I personally believe we were given a lot of hints about what is to come both in the books & the series from this episode.
What's the first thing we notice in Danerys's dream walks?  ( I won't call it the House of the Undying because it wasn't the same scene from the novel)
1). Snow covers Everything especially the Iron Throne.  There is only one character named Snow in the series.
2). The roof of Kings Landing Throne Room is burnt clear through to the sky.
3) Danerys's fails to actually sit on the Throne or even touch it
4) Danerys ends up at the Wall.
It is possible the Snow does not represent Jon, but the White Walkers taking Kings Landing or it can be both . A fight ensues between the Walkers their Vanguard & the Dragons at KL driving them out of  till they are forced to the Wall.
815	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-23	Being a bastard of the north, Ramsey's name is Snow.
The whole book series is about the war between the Lord of Light and He who must not be named. Fire versus Ice. This scene suggests to me that The Others overrun Kings Landing.
816	boojam	2012-11-23	Being a bastard of the north, Ramsey's name is Snow.The whole book series is about the war between the Lord of Light and He who must not be named. Fire versus Ice. This scene suggests to me that The Others overrun Kings Landing.Uh you can say R'hllor and many times as  you like it's god of darkness , who has a name but George says it can't be named... tho he has never given a reason for that!I can't say a god R'hllor who is into human blood sacrifice does not sound much more appalling. Even our ancient world gave up human sacrifice.(Mostly!)
817	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-23	Uh you can say R'hllor and many times as  you like it's god of darkness , who has a name but George says it can't be named... tho he has never given a reason for that!I can't say a god R'hllor who is into human blood sacrifice does not sound much more appalling.Even our ancient world gave up human sacrifice.(Mostly!)I agree. I am not sure a world occupied by Others and wights would be worse than what the humans have built.People like to say this story is about shades of grey, but I consider it shades of black.
818	Umel of Ys	2012-06-05	Many have voiced their perplexity regarding the part where the White Walker looks at Sam and does nothing about him. It may be one of thoses cases where the writers were a little too subtle. IMO it was just a smart and cruel and ultimately misleading (which is interesting for non-readers) jab at Sam. Huddled up against a boulder, shaking like a leaf he seems so pathetic that even the WW doesn't want him in his army of Wights. His father, many of his brothers of the NN, and now the head of a zombie army have nothing but contempt for Sam. Not being attacked is actually an insult. The poor guy is at his lowest and the future developments will contrast all the more sharply with this low point.
At least I think that's what they were getting at.
819	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	Maybe he assumes that his army of undead is going to do it for him...?
820	Tadco26	2012-06-05	Or maybe it was just bad writing?  It makes no sense considering the white walkers killed children and the wights clearly try to kill Sam later, so not being a "threat" doesn't matter to them.
821	Kaitscralt	2012-06-05	The same reason why they didn't kill the ranger in the prologue. Because they're *gasp* different than the books.
822	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-06-05	Or maybe it was just bad writing?  It makes no sense considering the white walkers killed children and the wights clearly try to kill Sam later, so not being a "threat" doesn't matter to them.I agree.  As neat looking and scary as the scene was, it beggars belief that the WW and wights wouldn't make short work of Sam.  I'm hoping the resolution next season is that Sam has a dragonglass dagger and uses it on the WW (as in the book), killing it and scaring off the rest.  I'll be very disappointed at any other conclusion, i.e. they "ignored" him.
823	The Frostfangs	2012-06-05	The same reason why they didn't kill the ranger in the prologue. Because they're *gasp* different than the books.This.
824	Clariana	2012-06-05	Nope, it was because the lead wight or WW is none other than Benjen Stark... Well that's my theory...
825	Tadco26	2012-06-05	Most likely this was the substitute for the attack on the fist.  Next season Gren, Ed and Sam will wander across the deserted fist post battle and comment how the wights must have killed them all.  They probably never will address why they left Sam alive, which may be for the best since it is hard to imagine a reasonable explanation.  Maybe Cold Hands will save him pre-Crastor and Gilly?
826	Reposado	2012-06-05	The same reason why they didn't kill the ranger in the prologue. Because they're *gasp* different than the books.different in what way?  you can question the logic of the show. it's far from perfect.
827	Qwop22	2012-06-05	This was my biggest gripe about the finale. It really killed off any awesomeness the ending had. Sam just sitting there surrounded by wights and White Walkers, and having them look at him and then just scream and keep marching? Totally lame.
828	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	I agree.  As neat looking and scary as the scene was, it beggars belief that the WW and wights wouldn't make short work of Sam.  I'm hoping the resolution next season is that Sam has a dragonglass dagger and uses it on the WW (as in the book), killing it and scaring off the rest.  I'll be very disappointed at any other conclusion, i.e. they "ignored" him.This is the only thing I could think of to explain it. The WW could sense that he had the dragonglass dagger and left him alone, but that still stretches belief. Someone else brought up the prologue in Season 1, Episode 1, where the WW walks toward Will, but then he's alive later. I don't understand why they don't just do simple things like have Will in a tree or Sam hidden a little farther away behind a bolder where he sees the WW, but it doesn't look at him. We'd still get to see it, but we wouldn't have to wonder why it could care less about Sam being there.
829	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-06-05	I'm not sure about this one.  I do suspect that George has a huge twist in store for us re. the Others, and I just wonder whether this scene wasn't the first hint of it, given that D&D know the end of the tale?  It was certainly very odd, but I'm suspending judgement until we get an explanation next series /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
But I really don't think the Others/WWs are going to be half as 'evil' as we're being led to believe.  It's a fascinating one.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 05 June 2012 - 09:28 AM.
830	Lady Storm	2012-06-05	In the end scene (I mean the last 6 seconds or so) there are only  2 rocks visible, one in front of the tree-looking-horse-riding WW and one to his left.
After he screams, all the WW seem to be moving toward a rock, but I'm not sure which one exactly (I think they actually made a mistake of perspective here, especially after re-watching the scene where Sam picks the rock he'll hide behind.).
It might e that they're not going away form Sam but towards him (the tree-looking-horse-riding-guy doesn't actually move away from the rock he was standing next to).
But the whole scene seams kind of a mess.
831	WolveseatDragons	2012-06-05	I agree the ending was disappointing on several levels.  It is unrealistic that Sam survives and yet clearly he will and it made the enduring image of the show being a zombie movie.  My wife is a non reader that isn't big into fantasy but LOVES GoT and to have it end with a "Walking Dead" feel left her confused and kind of turned off.
Personally I think a far better way to end the season would have been Maester Luwin dying and seeing Winterfell burning in the background.
832	A Stark in Salem	2012-06-05	I'm not sure about this one.  I do suspect that George has a huge twist in store for us re. the Others, and I just wonder whether this scene wasn't the first hint of it, given that D&D know the end of the tale?  It was certainly very odd, but I'm suspending judgement until we get an explanation next series /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />But I really don't think the Others/WWs are going to be half as 'evil' as we're being led to believe.  It's a fascinating one.I can't see how that could in any way be true. The walkers have brutally and mercilessly killed and absorbed every living thing in their path. I just was reading again in Dance of Dragons the scene where Summer is tearing into a walkers dead arm that still tries to fight back until all the flesh has been torn off and only "remembers it was dead" once the bones have been sucked of their marrow.There are no gray areas with the walkers/wights. They are pure evil; death incarnate. This is not just the perspective of men, but of the Green Seers, the children of the forest that are attending to Bran in his underground magical cave, and every Westerosi scholar since time began.
833	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	I actually think that we saw confusing camera angles on the final shot, because if you go back and watch the shot at the very end, the horde hasn't yet reached Sam's position behind the rocks. I think that we as the audience saw the White Walker stare at the camera, but that the WW hasn't necessarily seen Sam yet. 
It was confusing camera angles, and could have been story boarded better.
834	Elroy Mankins	2012-06-05	But I really don't think the Others/WWs are going to be half as 'evil' as we're being led to believe.  It's a fascinating one.I see this here all the time, but it seems counter-intuitive that the prologue of the first book would place the menace of the Others/WWs at the fore just to have that be a misdirection.  I guess you can't put it past GRRM, but it just doesn't add up for me.
835	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	The same reason why they didn't kill the ranger in the prologue. Because they're *gasp* different than the books.The comment has nothing to do with the books.  It has to do with an army walking past an enemy, just leaving him there.  This was not a single WW or small group, this is an army that gave appearances to be intent on waging a battle.  Why then would the leaders of that group leave an enemy in their midst?
836	Bride of Winter	2012-06-05	I'm not sure about this one.  I do suspect that George has a huge twist in store for us re. the Others, and I just wonder whether this scene wasn't the first hint of it, given that D&D know the end of the tale?  It was certainly very odd, but I'm suspending judgement until we get an explanation next series /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />But I really don't think the Others/WWs are going to be half as 'evil' as we're being led to believe.  It's a fascinating one.Yes! I'm the first one to nitpick things in this show, but I don't think this was an inconsistency on the part of the writers. for sentient humanoid creatures, I have a hard time believing the others are simply Evil-with-a-capital-E killing machines, without any other motives. especially in a series where the point is essentially that everything is shades of grey. Not to mention, in the prologue the Other let that guy (sorry I can't remember his name) live once he submitted to them. I definitely think there's more to the others than we're being led to believe.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 05 June 2012 - 09:44 AM.
837	RoamingRonin	2012-06-05	I didn't think they saw him. I thought the Other looked in his direction, sensing him but not actually seeing him.
838	Alatariel	2012-06-05	I think that on next season we'll see The Night Watch saving Sam or something like that. The WW/Others will not let him escape so easily.
839	ledlevee	2012-06-05	I can't see how that could in any way be true. The walkers have brutally and mercilessly killed and absorbed every living thing in their path. I just was reading again in Dance of Dragons the scene where Summer is tearing into a walkers dead arm that still tries to fight back until all the flesh has been torn off and only "remembers it was dead" once the bones have been sucked of their marrow.There are no gray areas with the walkers/wights. They are pure evil; death incarnate. This is not just the perspective of men, but of the Green Seers, the children of the forest that are attending to Bran in his underground magical cave, and every Westerosi scholar since time began.But I thought it was a wight's arm, not a walker's.  They're different I think.  The wights are the undead zombies and their arms are still animated after death, which is why people burn them. 
	Spoiler  Sam, on the other hand, was the first person in the series to kill a white walker and he did it with dragonglass, which is the only way to kill them that we know of.  White walkers don't seem to be undead. 
When white walkers are dead, they're dead.  It seems like the wights are mindless followers of the white walkers, who have some form of control over them.  They're like icy sorcerers or something, or necromancers.  Neither is necessarily "evil".  The wights are mindless, not good or evil.  The white walkers, knowing GRRM, definitely have some form of agenda.  I don't think they kill for the sake of killing.  Perhaps they need to move south to survive for some reason.  In that case, is a race fighting for survival evil?  This is just an example of a motivation the white walkers may have.  They could be motivated by pretty much anything, since we don't really know yet, but I doubt GRRM would just create an evil race that kills for no reason.  There's more than meets the eye going on here.Another note:  Targs and dragons both equal fire.  White walkers and Starks both equal ice.  Could there be some sort of connection here?
					
					
							Edited by ledlevee, 05 June 2012 - 10:00 AM.
840	Bride of Winter	2012-06-05	I can't see how that could in any way be true. The walkers have brutally and mercilessly killed and absorbed every living thing in their path. I just was reading again in Dance of Dragons the scene where Summer is tearing into a walkers dead arm that still tries to fight back until all the flesh has been torn off and only "remembers it was dead" once the bones have been sucked of their marrow.There are no gray areas with the walkers/wights. They are pure evil; death incarnate. This is not just the perspective of men, but of the Green Seers, the children of the forest that are attending to Bran in his underground magical cave, and every Westerosi scholar since time began.Those were wights. they're dead, of course they wont stop until they're literally torn apart. the White Walkers almost never appear and are purposely shrouded in mystery, and are sentient creatures. it's not impossible for people to believe there is something else going on with them. do you really think, in this series, the ending will be the good guys defeating the bad guys all of the worlds problems being solved? it's completely reasonable to believe there's a twist in store.
841	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	I didn't think they saw him. I thought the Other looked in his direction, sensing him but not actually seeing him.Question still stands then, if the Other knows he is there - whether via sensing him or actually seeing - why is he letting him live?  Maybe it is a "Predator" like reason - if he is unarmed and not a threat then they will leave them alone.  that doesn't really follow with what we have seen, but maybe it is the reason.
842	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-05	Assuming that the critter on the horse was a WW rather than a wight, I suppose there may be an unknown reason an intelligent being might let Sam live, as opposed to a mindless wight who surely would have torn Sam to shreds.That being said, I haven't rewatched the episode to check, but I have this vague recollection that there were some dark things on the ground scattered around Sam when he was behind that rock.  If those fragments turn out to be dragonglass, the scene makes sense.
843	Morvran	2012-06-05	I'm assuming we'll find out next season.  Maybe they know something about the WW that we don't?  If not then it was a bad job on the part of the editors (not necessarily the writer).  The editing pretty clearly suggests that Sam hides, he looks to his right and the undead horse stops next to him, he looks up and sees the WW, the WW returns the gaze, Sam looks down in an "I'm screwed" manner,  and then the WW looks away, roars and order to keep moving forward, and on they shuffle.  The only thing I see to counter all of that is that when he hunkers down to hide and looks back at the approaching horde they're still pretty far away from him.
844	Lady Storm	2012-06-05	I'm assuming we'll find out next season.  Maybe they know something about the WW that we don't?  If not then it was a bad job on the part of the editors (not necessarily the writer).  The editing pretty clearly suggests that Sam hides, he looks to his right and the undead horse stops next to him, he looks up and sees the WW, the WW returns the gaze, Sam looks down in an "I'm screwed" manner,  and then the WW looks away, roars and order to keep moving forward, and on they shuffle.  The only thing I see to counter all of that is that when he hunkers down to hide and looks back at the approaching horde they're still pretty far away from him.But look at the rocks in the last scene (the same ones Sam runs to).All the WW are in front of them and the big-on-a-horse guy is standing next to Sam, not moving away from him. And the rest of the party is just approaching, not leaving him behind.
845	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	Assuming that the critter on the horse was a WW rather than a wight, I suppose there may be an unknown reason an intelligent being might let Sam live, as opposed to a mindless wight who surely would have torn Sam to shreds.That being said, I haven't rewatched the episode to check, but I have this vague recollection that there were some dark things on the ground scattered around Sam when he was behind that rock.  If those fragments turn out to be dragonglass, the scene makes sense.Does it though?  It might make sense as to why the Other doesn't attack, but would not stop the wights - and if the Other(s) is/are afraid of dragonglass, wouldn't it make sense that they would send in the horde to take out/deal with the danger?
846	Morvran	2012-06-05	But look at the rocks in the last scene (the same ones Sam runs to).All the WW are in front of them and the big-on-a-horse guy is standing next to Sam, not moving away from him. And the rest of the party is just approaching, not leaving him behind.If this is the case, and I'd have to watch it again to see, then they were simply trying to put a scare into the viewer by having the WW look at the camera/viewer and they didn't catch the confusion it caused with the final edited shot.
847	House Balstroko	2012-06-05	But look at the rocks in the last scene (the same ones Sam runs to).All the WW are in front of them and the big-on-a-horse guy is standing next to Sam, not moving away from him. And the rest of the party is just approaching, not leaving him behind.That's true, in the end we do see the rock in front of the WW and approaching wights, which might be the group approaching Sam, but the part where they stare at each other contradicts that, since the Other is looking left, meaning Sam must be to his left.
848	DirtyRobes	2012-06-05	Yes! I'm the first one to nitpick things in this show, but I don't think this was an inconsistency on the part of the writers. for sentient humanoid creatures, I have a hard time believing the others are simply Evil-with-a-capital-E killing machines, without any other motives. especially in a series where the point is essentially that everything is shades of grey.Not to mention, in the prologue the Other let that guy (sorry I can't remember his name) live once he submitted to them. I definitely think there's more to the others than we're being led to believe.Couldn't agree more, there has to be more to them than pure evil, its just not GRRM. He's all about his Grey's.I agree.  As neat looking and scary as the scene was, it beggars belief that the WW and wights wouldn't make short work of Sam.  I'm hoping the resolution next season is that Sam has a dragonglass dagger and uses it on the WW (as in the book), killing it and scaring off the rest.  I'll be very disappointed at any other conclusion, i.e. they "ignored" him.I think that would be worse, Sam the Slayer scaring WW and Wights that they flee? While I do hate the whole army scene because it really beggars belief that why a Wight army would just ignore him. I'm perfectly happy to accept that the WW did see Sam and that he simply saw him posing no threat and thus was no challenge for a WW.(was his sword even drawn?) Fine. BUT WHY THE FU*K would a horde of mindless dead, reanimated for the purpose of killing, zombies NOT want to kill Sam?I expect beyond the wall season 3 will not start where this one left off. I expect the zombie horde to just past Sam, the fist battle(if we see it) will likely be from his chaotic stumbling POV. But maybe just the regroup after so Sam can get his nickname.
849	Lady Storm	2012-06-05	Sam is to his left - (or at leas, the rock is) - but the WW doesn't actually move (that far) away from the rock and Sam.
But the perspective is messed up - it does not fit with Sam just looking to the right - he should be leaning farther away from the rock to actually see the tree-looking-horse-riding guy.
850	Lannes	2012-06-05	I didn't like it all the way back in S1 Ep1 with Will and I liked it even less in the S2 finale with Sam.
851	Kyle Baratheon	2012-06-05	Maybe because having wight Sam in their midst would seriously slow down the march?
852	DirtyRobes	2012-06-05	Does it though?  It might make sense as to why the Other doesn't attack, but would not stop the wights - and if the Other(s) is/are afraid of dragonglass, wouldn't it make sense that they would send in the horde to take out/deal with the danger?Agreed. Its been too long since ive done a re-read but isnt it(somewhat) established that in one of the few scenes we have with WW's, that they Don't attack until someone is armed? Granted we've seen soo little of them. Isnt it in the prologue that whilst they arrive and rip that guy to sheds Together, that they actually duel alone and its not till he's cut down that they move in? I imagine their swords to be pretty much fatal to the slab, so he was done for Before they ripped him apart as a part of their party?
853	DirtyRobes	2012-06-05	Maybe because having wight Sam in their midst would seriously slow down the march?HAR!! I didn't think of That! The WW was being pragmatic with his choice to not kill Sam.
					
					
							Edited by DirtyRobes, 05 June 2012 - 10:35 AM.
854	Robin Of House Hill	2012-06-05	Maybe because having wight Sam in their midst would seriously slow down the march?How could they march any slower?  At the rate they were going, all the Watch could have walked to Dorne without having to worry.  It wouldn't be a real Zombie Apocalypse if someone wasn't left to tell horrifying stories about what he saw.
855	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-06-05	Assuming that the critter on the horse was a WW rather than a wight, I suppose there may be an unknown reason an intelligent being might let Sam live, as opposed to a mindless wight who surely would have torn Sam to shreds.That being said, I haven't rewatched the episode to check, but I have this vague recollection that there were some dark things on the ground scattered around Sam when he was behind that rock.  If those fragments turn out to be dragonglass, the scene makes sense.I've watched twice now, and think the black things on the ground are the pieces of pooh Dolorous Edd spilled from his container when he and Grenn ran off.  But presumably Sam does still have the dragon glass somewhere on his person?  Perhaps the WW senses that - or perhaps, as some have suggested, the camera angle was deceptive here, and he didn't really see Sam.
856	Black Crow	2012-06-05	The comment has nothing to do with the books.  It has to do with an army walking past an enemy, just leaving him there.  This was not a single WW or small group, this is an army that gave appearances to be intent on waging a battle.  Why then would the leaders of that group leave an enemy in their midst?Then again why bother with someone who isn't a threat.There's an interesting parallel in Sam Watkins' memoir Co. Aytch when he's on picket duty just before the battle of Lookout Mountain. The Federal assault just rolls straight over him and he's left at his post, armed and bemused, prepared to surrender only none of the Federal soldiers passing by have the time or inclination to stop and take him prisoner so that in the end when things quieten down he simply walks off.
857	Black Crow	2012-06-05	Another note:  Targs and dragons both equal fire.  White walkers and Starks both equal ice.  Could there be some sort of connection here?Yes
858	Bride of Winter	2012-06-05	Another note:  Targs and dragons both equal fire.  White walkers and Starks both equal ice.  Could there be some sort of connection here?I hope so! I have a really hard time believing that the destructive fire force (the dragons) will save the world by killing the "destructive" ice force (others). I'm sure dragons have killed just as many people as the WW, if not more. plus I highly doubt the Starks will hop to the fire side to destroy ice, when they pretty much embody everything about winter and the north.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 05 June 2012 - 10:57 AM.
859	ChristophUL	2012-06-05	In the next shot it seemed like the White Walker never passed the boulder Sam was hiding behind.  Perhaps I saw it wrong.  Even White Walkers know a slayer when they see/sense one.
860	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	We won't have more insight into this scene until it picks up again next year. That's kind of the point of a cliffhanger...
We as book readers know that Sam will survive, but show fans don't know if Sam is going to end up as wight food or not.
861	Tadco26	2012-06-05	I've watched twice now, and think the black things on the ground are the pieces of pooh Dolorous Edd spilled from his container when he and Grenn ran off.  But presumably Sam does still have the dragon glass somewhere on his person?  Perhaps the WW senses that - or perhaps, as some have suggested, the camera angle was deceptive here, and he didn't really see Sam.Even on the slim chance that this theory is correct it was poorly done.  The writers feel they have to spell out all of Littlefinger's plots as clearly as possible ahead of time, but they are going to ambiguously explain Sam being left alone because maybe there was some dragon glass on the ground, which on the show no one even knows will hurt them, and they in no way focused the camera on?Why not just have Sam see it all from a distance?  Considering they are not constrained by point of views, they don't even need anyone else to be there for us to see that scene.
862	Ser Greguh	2012-06-05	I think that the Walker didn't actually see Sam and that it was confusing / misleading direction.
863	Morvran	2012-06-05	Maybe because having wight Sam in their midst would seriously slow down the march?Well if they were of the flesh-eating zombie variety it could end the whole war before it even began, however in this case Sam would go down in less than a second and the wights would move on.My main issue now is that if we assume the WW/wight army did indeed let Sam live (or just walked right by him thinking he was a big fat rock), that puts Sam behind the army.  How could he possibly ever get around it to get back to the fist, grab Gilly, etc, etc etc?  (The answer of course is that he couldn't).
864	So1ar	2012-06-05	Question still stands then, if the Other knows he is there - whether via sensing him or actually seeing - why is he letting him live?  Maybe it is a "Predator" like reason - if he is unarmed and not a threat then they will leave them alone.  that doesn't really follow with what we have seen, but maybe it is the reason.well, being unarmed didn't save the children in episode 1. i think D&D just wanted a dramatic final shot and didn't really think about how little sense it would make.
865	Biff44	2012-06-05	I also wonder why Sam could not outrun a bunch of walking wights.  It is not like they were in full assault mode.  He gives fat guys like me a bad name, lol.
866	BinkyBonks	2012-06-05	No use trying to excuse this. It was an utterly stupid scene. The dumbest scene in the universe. Unforgivable, really.
That's not even to metion the "three blasts" part of the scene, where all the suspension in the book is completely stripped away.
					
					
							Edited by BinkyBonks, 05 June 2012 - 11:55 AM.
867	SelaBela	2012-06-05	No ones mentioned this in any of the threads I've look at so far, but I have a feeling that theres something odd about the Fist of the First Men.  Ghost was uneasy there wasn't he? The White Walkers + wights didn't exactly follow and attack the fleeing members of the NW, it always seemed to me that they just wanted them off of the fist.  Am I wrong? I know the remaining black brothers held torches to stay together and make it back to Craster's Keep, but it wasn't to keep the Others away. The WW never attacked anyone in the books as far as I remember, the wights did though.  So maybe the "prime directive" so to speak that the WW gave the wights was to take back the Fist, not necessarily kill anyone, just whoever wouldn't leave the fist.  Which Sam was not technically *on*. 
Thats why it really didn't bother me when they passed him by.  It could have been camera trickery like some have suggested but I somehow doubt that.
868	BinkyBonks	2012-06-05	We won't have more insight into this scene until it picks up again next year. That's kind of the point of a cliffhanger...The CLIFFHANGER should be they're attacking the Fist of the First Men. Which the non-book audience will have forgotten about by now.Utterly crap writing. These people are mediocrities. Compare it with the previous episode, written by Martin himself.
					
					
							Edited by BinkyBonks, 05 June 2012 - 11:58 AM.
869	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	well, being unarmed didn't save the children in episode 1. i think D&D just wanted a dramatic final shot and didn't really think about how little sense it would make.So... Now you are blaming D&D for the story boarding? Sorry... that is a cinematographer's and a director's job. They shots were probably in the can, and they probably found out in editing the issue and didn't have enough time or money to re shoot. It's really not that big of a deal as it will obviously work itself out next season
870	sagaz	2012-06-05	When the WW looks at Sam, Sam looks down and start to cry. The next shot is the wights (made of both wildlings an men of the NW) and others WW approaching. One of the wights has a round shield with a Stark direwolf!!!. (I saw the episode three times now)
According to the scene, we don't know what they are going to do with Sam. the guy look at him, and then look ahead...an open shot of the army, and then ended.
don't get ahead of yourselves, the scene is not conclusive, IMO.
871	Tadco26	2012-06-05	No ones mentioned this in any of the threads I've look at so far, but I have a feeling that theres something odd about the Fist of the First Men.  Ghost was uneasy there wasn't he? The White Walkers + wights didn't exactly follow and attack the fleeing members of the NW, it always seemed to me that they just wanted them off of the fist.  Am I wrong? I know the remaining black brothers held torches to stay together and make it back to Craster's Keep, but it wasn't to keep the Others away. The WW never attacked anyone in the books as far as I remember, the wights did though.  So maybe the "prime directive" so to speak that the WW gave the wights was to take back the Fist, not necessarily kill anyone, just whoever wouldn't leave the fist.  Which Sam was not technically *on*.Thats why it really didn't bother me when they passed him by.  It could have been camera trickery like some have suggested but I somehow doubt that.They weren't on the Fist when Sam killed the White Walker either and it killed Paul.
872	Sulfurion Blackfyre	2012-06-05	They weren't on the Fist when Sam killed the White Walker either and it killed Paul.Yes but even then it was Small Paul that attacked the WW first.Anyways regarding the scene I think people are putting too much of a tought in it, I mean, that White Walker was clearly leading the attack, it stopped there, observing the Fist, then realized Sam was there, looked at him, and Sam cowered in fear and started crying, and the WW must have realized he was not a threat, so it just urged the army forward, and that's the last we saw of it, the army going forward. Who knows if it's not it's intention to attack Sam after he sent the Wights forward or something like that? Plus I'm of the opinion that there is more to the Others than just "kill everything that moves" so maybe there is a rational reason why it didn't react "OMG a human kill it!" when it spotted Sam. People are reaally just overreacting and trigger-happy with the show.
873	BlueHighwind	2012-06-05	They ran out of budgetz.
874	Bambi	2012-06-05	A sollution i may accept next season: the wight army walks toward the Fist, the first WW stands still at the rock, watching the army's march, and when the last of them had moved along, jumps off his dead-horse and approaches Sam to finish him off, but then Sam defies the WW, jumps up with the obsidian and stabs the Other to death, then escapes and cathes on with the fleeing watchers on the way to crasters / at crasters house.
875	Silent Assassin	2012-06-05	Nope, it was because the lead wight or WW is none other than Benjen Stark... Well that's my theory...I don't think that be Benjen, if you were right Benjen will be a wights and not a WW
876	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	The white walkers are a different and separate species so I don't think he could have recognized Sam or spared him because he knew him. That's quite impossible. Clearly white walkers are different from the books. I guess the writers were only trying to increase suspense etc. The result was a piece of bad writing and many questions (which will probably remain unanswered).
877	Bambi	2012-06-05	I don't think that be Benjen, if you were right Benjen will be awights and not a WWOf course the WW wasn't Benjen, Benjen didn't know Sam, but even if he did why would whitewalker-benjen give Sam mercy but attack the other people of Nights Watch?
878	DirtyRobes	2012-06-05	No ones mentioned this in any of the threads I've look at so far, but I have a feeling that theres something odd about the Fist of the First Men.  Ghost was uneasy there wasn't he? The White Walkers + wights didn't exactly follow and attack the fleeing members of the NW, it always seemed to me that they just wanted them off of the fist.  Am I wrong? I know the remaining black brothers held torches to stay together and make it back to Craster's Keep, but it wasn't to keep the Others away. The WW never attacked anyone in the books as far as I remember, the wights did though.  So maybe the "prime directive" so to speak that the WW gave the wights was to take back the Fist, not necessarily kill anyone, just whoever wouldn't leave the fist.  Which Sam was not technically *on*.There have been a few threads in the DwD section. It is an interesting theory that goes something like the Fist of the First men has some kind of historical significance to the WW and they were removing the Nightswatch from it. Your right that Small Paul draws and attacks first. It definitely doesn't seem like the WW were actually trying to destroy the NW, simply delay them/hurt them before Mance attacks? Many speculate that the WW are effectively useless beyond the wall as long as it stands and that they Need man to bring it down, with the Horn? Its likely whatever magic is contained within the wall needs to first be broken before they can pass through en force, I suspect they are aware of this but am unaware of their plan.
879	Puck the Goat	2012-06-05	Sam could be inside the magical perimeter of the Fist.
880	Puck the Goat	2012-06-05	A sollution i may accept next season: the wight army walks toward the Fist, the first WW stands still at the rock, watching the army's march, and when the last of them had moved along, jumps off his dead-horse and approaches Sam to finish him off, but then Sam defies the WW, jumps up with the obsidian and stabs the Other to death, then escapes and cathes on with the fleeing watchers on the way to crasters / at crasters house.I can see that.
881	Morvran	2012-06-05	A sollution i may accept next season: the wight army walks toward the Fist, the first WW stands still at the rock, watching the army's march, and when the last of them had moved along, jumps off his dead-horse and approaches Sam to finish him off, but then Sam defies the WW, jumps up with the obsidian and stabs the Other to death, then escapes and cathes on with the fleeing watchers on the way to crasters / at crasters house.Yes...except for two major issues.  One, that no one else would witness his 'slaying', and the second would be that he'd still be behind the undead mob.  Way behind.
882	Smooth	2012-06-05	It basically confirms my theory that I've been telling you guys for years.. The White Walkers are terribly, terribly near sighted. Perhaps sending them some Myrish lenses would appease them. >,>
Yeah anyway. I thought it was cool to see the various wights, Wildlings, NW, I wasn't sure if some were Thenns or not. I definitely saw some Stark shields in there at the end though. Sort of odd, unless they're really old wights.
883	JoramunsKazoo	2012-06-05	Most stories about the Others have proven their capacity for reasoning and thought beyond their seemingly mindless minions.
- The "Night's King" married an Other, if the legend is taken for granted.
- Craster and his daughter-wives are granted mercy in return for sacrifice.
I don't find it hard to believe the Other in commanding from horseback would simply give Sam mercy as a means to another end.  i.e., a messenger.  Go back to your Wall and tell them "winter is coming".  Fear is a powerful weapon.  It seems the same behavior was shown in the case of Will from the prologue.
At least until next season, we won't know how deep the writer's dug themselves on this one.  I'm willing to let it be for now.
					
					
							Edited by JoramunsKazoo, 05 June 2012 - 01:49 PM.
884	gogorath	2012-06-05	The dead people walking were clearly wights; the riders were White Walkers.The White Walkers of the books are clearly sentient -- they toy with Waymar Royce; they allow Will (show) and Gared (Book) to go free.  Even the wights are either intelligent, retain some memory or are imbued by the Walkers -- the wights in Castle Black go after Night's Watch leadership.  They don't indiscriminately kill.Sam is clearly a coward and is not impeding their direct objective -- the host.  He could be left behind to inspire fear.  He could simply not be worth the stopping to kill. Or perhaps it's a giant plot hole or poor execution on the shoot.  But there's plenty of plausible reasons why he might live.
885	gogorath	2012-06-05	There have been a few threads in the DwD section. It is an interesting theory that goes something like the Fist of the First men has some kind of historical significance to the WW and they were removing the Nightswatch from it. Your right that Small Paul draws and attacks first. It definitely doesn't seem like the WW were actually trying to destroy the NW, simply delay them/hurt them before Mance attacks? Many speculate that the WW are effectively useless beyond the wall as long as it stands and that they Need man to bring it down, with the Horn? Its likely whatever magic is contained within the wall needs to first be broken before they can pass through en force, I suspect they are aware of this but am unaware of their plan.And a horn was found there in a cache of dragonglass.
886	AryaMiles	2012-06-05	I agree with the theory about the WW using Sam as a messenger of shorts. The badass dude with the even more badass spear on the absolutely freaking badass horse was probably trying to scare the other ones by letting Sam tell them what he saw.
887	Tadco26	2012-06-05	The dead people walking were clearly wights; the riders were White Walkers.The White Walkers of the books are clearly sentient -- they toy with Waymar Royce; they allow Will (show) and Gared (Book) to go free.They don't exactly let Gared go free.  He was guarding the horses and may or may not have even seen what happened.  As far as I can recall they never mention that he even saw what happened to Will and Waymar Royce, and I could not find any mention of Gared saying he saw the Others in the books.  Gared escaping on horseback is not the same as Gared being let go.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 05 June 2012 - 01:59 PM.
888	Silent Assassin	2012-06-05	Of course the WW wasn't Benjen, Benjen didn't know Sam, but even if he did why would whitewalker-benjen give Sam mercy but attack the other people of Nights Watch?sure i think the same, and even if were Benjen, he doesn't know Sam to don't attack him
889	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	It might seem that they wrote themselves into a bit of a hole but I reckon they'll find a way of making it make sense next season.
They wanted Sam in the middle of that horde because, let's face it, it was fucking AWESOME.
Maybe one will attack Sam next season? Where Sam attacks it back with the dragon glass? (But then how does Sam escape through the horde?)
Yeah it's a bit of a mystery but not one that ruined it for me. That horde was awesome.
890	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	There is so much more to the Others than we know at this point. Questions like "Why would they require fresh male newborn offerings?" "Why did the Night King marry an Other?" "What is the Great Other and what does it truly want?" There is much and more about them that has yet to be revealed. Until we know more about the mysterious Others, we cannot presume to know their motives or actions. We have no clue why they would pass by Sam so why dismiss it as bad writing???
891	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	No ones mentioned this in any of the threads I've look at so far, but I have a feeling that theres something odd about the Fist of the First Men.  Ghost was uneasy there wasn't he? The White Walkers + wights didn't exactly follow and attack the fleeing members of the NW, it always seemed to me that they just wanted them off of the fist.  Am I wrong? I know the remaining black brothers held torches to stay together and make it back to Craster's Keep, but it wasn't to keep the Others away. The WW never attacked anyone in the books as far as I remember, the wights did though.  So maybe the "prime directive" so to speak that the WW gave the wights was to take back the Fist, not necessarily kill anyone, just whoever wouldn't leave the fist.  Which Sam was not technically *on*.Thats why it really didn't bother me when they passed him by.  It could have been camera trickery like some have suggested but I somehow doubt that.The WW attack Sam on the way to Craster's when they are fleeing the Fist. That's when he slays it with the dragonglass and becomes Sam the Slayer.
892	SelaBela	2012-06-05	The WW attack Sam on the way to Craster's when they are fleeing the Fist. That's when he slays it with the dragonglass and becomes Sam the Slayer.No, he just walks out from behind a bush and stands there, Small Paul charges him, he dies, then Sam charges him. WW didn't provoke a fight, or just straight up murder them.
893	kephv	2012-06-05	It might seem that they wrote themselves into a bit of a hole but I reckon they'll find a way of making it make sense next season.I doubt it. After all, they haven't bothered making sense a lot of senseless things this season.No, he just walks out from behind a bush and stands there, Small Paul charges him, he dies, then Sam charges him. WW didn't provoke a fight, or just straight up murder them.Probably, the Other was just stopping to ask for directions to the Wall.
894	SelaBela	2012-06-05	I doubt it. After all, they haven't bothered making sense a lot of senseless things this season.Probably, the Other was just stopping to ask for directions to the Wall.My point is, the Other didn't attack first, and we will never know if he would have. They haven't been overly aggressive or anything, only the wights have.
895	Clariana	2012-06-05	Of course the WW wasn't Benjen, Benjen didn't know Sam, but even if he did why would whitewalker-benjen give Sam mercy but attack the other people of Nights Watch?Well we don't know whether that WW had attacked other black brothers... This might not be quite as facetious as it sounds because if a WW can have memory it can have a personality (Coldhands in the book clearly has a personality...). Well it's just my view...BTW on another thread the posters seemed to be adamant that the being on the horse was not a WW but a wight...
896	Eirikr	2012-06-05	Terror is one of the greatest weapons of the Others. It can quickly break the morale of the armies of Westeros. However, most Westerosi don't even believe that the Others exist. Therefore, it's a good tactic to let lone survivors return south to tell the tale. What better candidate than Samwell, who was all by himself, non-hostile, and witnessed the entire vangard passing by.
In short, I figure the Others want Samwell to tell about them for the same reason Israel wants the world to know that they have nuclear weapons.
					
					
							Edited by Eirikr, 05 June 2012 - 03:56 PM.
897	jarl the climber	2012-06-05	The White Walker probaly thought Sam was a craven and a weakling who posed no threat on his own and would soon succumb to the elements and become a part of his army. Letting him be torn up by the Wights might have comprimised his later effectiveness once he was dead. I'm sure if Sam had gone after the White Walker with a weapon it would have killed him.
898	Lord Over	2012-06-05	The Others are the Good guys *Gets shot for using LOST joke again*
But I think it's probably because they're going to portray the Others as a 'noble' sort of villain. They resort to magic and bio-warfare, but they won't kill you one-on-one unless you attack them. I don't know, I'm as confused as you are.
Still, an unintentionally hilarious scene!
899	Jojosh	2012-06-05	Maybe it didn't kill him for the same reason the whitewalkers in the pilot let the other nights watchmen go
900	Sharpes	2012-06-05	Clearly they were saving Sam for sunday roast. Nice bit of crackling, frost potatoes and iced carrots, served with a drop of polar wine. It's like a walk-by happy meal for them."Looks like meat is back on the menu boys!..."Thought the scene lacked the suspense in the books, with them approaching from the trees, and then the desperation of getting back to Craster's while the NW form a ring of sentries with fire. As others have pointed out, having someone to spread rumours about the White Walkers return and reduce morale (though that idea didn't quite work last time as a PR stunt with Will as he got his bean cut off by Lord Eddard-I'll-Tell-The-Queen!). Fear cuts deeper than swords and all that.
					
					
							Edited by Sharpes, 05 June 2012 - 05:21 PM.
901	RoamingRonin	2012-06-05	Question still stands then, if the Other knows he is there - whether via sensing him or actually seeing - why is he letting him live?  Maybe it is a "Predator" like reason - if he is unarmed and not a threat then they will leave them alone.  that doesn't really follow with what we have seen, but maybe it is the reason. The White Walker didn't seem like he knew there was a living thing here. It just seemed like he heard a noise, looked, and decided it wasn't worth checking. I just never got the impression the WW knew for a fact that there was someone/something hiding behind the rock.
902	Tywin's bastard	2012-06-05	The simple answer is that you asked the wrong question. The logical question is "why didn't the white walker kill Sam right away?". The army is marching forward but the WW sits still on his horse so there's nothing whatsoever saying that he won't try to kill him. I can imagine that while the wight army assaults the Fist, the white walker tries to kill Sam. The Others kept their distance from the battle in the book so they'll probably stay behind here as well.
So wait until things have actually played out.
903	K.C.	2012-06-05	The posts about camera angles didn't make sense to me at all. I just re-watched the scene to be triple sure. We see Sam with wights in the background in one shot and the Other/WW and Sam looking straight at one another. We also see this:[img]http://ewtvrecaps.fi...whitewalker.jpg[/img]To me he's cocking his eyebrow (or as close to it as he can) and saying, "Da fuck is this?"
904	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	Guys, clearly the WW was asking Sam where Ros was.
905	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	My bet is that next season starts off with the NW attacking out of the fog to rescue Sam, sam kills and Other and the NW is broken and retreats.
906	Lady Storm	2012-06-05	The posts about camera angles didn't make sense to me at all. I just re-watched the scene to be triple sure. We see Sam with wights in the background in one shot and the Other/WW and Sam looking straight at one another.Yes, but this is what the scene ends with. The circled things are rocks and these are the only two rocks visible at the scene until it ends. The big-tree-on-a-horse WW didn't really move more than like 15 cm - the horse doesn't even make 2 full steps. So the one next to him is Sam:[img]http://postimage.org/image/3q3cxohsz/[/img]
					
					
							Edited by Lady Storm, 05 June 2012 - 07:38 PM.
907	gogorath	2012-06-05	They don't exactly let Gared go free.  He was guarding the horses and may or may not have even seen what happened.  As far as I can recall they never mention that he even saw what happened to Will and Waymar Royce, and I could not find any mention of Gared saying he saw the Others in the books.  Gared escaping on horseback is not the same as Gared being let go.It's been a while since I read it.  Does he run because he's seen something?  Is it merely just the aftermath?  Why does he desert?
908	A Stark in Salem	2012-06-05	All sorts of interesting theories here, but mostly I think the ones that simply say: it was a poorly thought out and executed scene hit closest to the mark.But what really surprises me is so many readers idea the GRRM has no actual positions on evil. That just does not bear out on actual examination. Granted, there are several characters who start out bad, misguided or basically arse-holes who gradually redeem themselves. We could have Jamie as exhibit no.1, but certainly there are others. And there are a number of characters that are initially seen as basically good who then fall very far from grace, most obviously Theon. Many of the rest sort of are in between. Many remain more or less in the camp they start out in. Tyrion, most of Starks, Dany and others all try to do the right thing, though at times are forced to do the "hard" thing which isn't always nice. Plenty of others like Cersie, Joffery and others seem to want nothing but more power, and actually enjoy the destruction they wreak to get it. Plenty of them die or have a long fall, oft times because of arrogance and blind ambition, but that doesn't change how bad they were when they could be.But... then we have a whole cast that is never portrayed as anything other than relentlessly, completely, utter cruel and sadistic. In short: they are Evil, regardless of what "motivations" they might justify their actions. The Mountain is commits nothing short of genocide in this series alone! He's like one of those Nazi SS commanders who goes out of his way to kill as many in his path, and if an opportunity for extra and pain and cruelty is there, he takes it every time. Ditto most of the above for all the Bloody Mummer and the Brave Companions. And lastly: Ramsey Snow, who is practically a caricature of an evil sadist. No grey in there guys: he's evil, and no amount of excuses can amend it.How about all the slavers over the sea. GRRM goes to great lengths to show show twisted and despicable they are. Nailing up 157 live kids to die awful slow deaths on wooden posts for Dany to see as she heads to their city? Where is the grey in that I may ask?Just because creatures or beings are sentient and have motivations does not make them not evil. The only things that might not be evil are animals and events that have no free will. But even animals can be made to be cruel and violent beyond their normal capacity. At that point they become agents of the evil intentions of their masters.All the worst evils committed by humans from the dawn of history all the way to the streets of Syria today usually had some sort of motivation. Generally absolute power, but as often to inflict pain and suffering for very little reason. Motivation or not, reasons or not, there are a vast and unfortunate realm of actions that can never be anything other than black. Anyone who thinks otherwise is either in denial or is afraid to really look closely at how common and pervasive it is in the world, even today. If it was your mother being slowly tortured by The Tickler, and then you best friend, and then your brother and everyone else you knew, the idea of "it's all grey" would very quickly evaporate.I have not read one thing that could exempt the White Walkers from this category. They may have some motivations for their actions, but from what;'s on the page it falls pretty well into the "take over the world by complete and utter death and destruction category." Where is the grey in that? Willful death and destruction are evil regardless of any possible motivations.
909	Lord Hjorth	2012-06-05	My two cents.
The White Walkers are creatures of Winter. They don't kill the ones that Winter already will take. Sam is a craven and a dumbass when it comes to surviving.
If his spirit is already defeated, Winter has already claimed him. He'll die from exposure on his own.
910	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	Maybe they'll capture him and the inevitable escape will happen later.  Still a stupid scene.
911	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	THat is an interesting argument you make with much to compel it.  However, I would argue that as far as Westeros goes (Essos is different and I will get to that in a moment), even the characters you describe as evil have compelling motives and reasons.  I think there is much argument to be made that the mountain, ramsey snow and quohorn (the evil scientist) are certifiably insane, psychopaths.  We are left with the arguing the nature of evil-is it a seperate thing unto itself (ie the others as being a pure evil thing) or is evil the perception of an act (killings may be evil or good depending on where you stand), the latter argument would support the Others as not being a purely evil phenomenom.  I would say the jury is still out on GRRMs perspective as he repeatedly reconceives the narrative on stories from different perspectives. 
WRT Essos I would argue that much of that oortion of the world is far less dimensionalized in that the characters, esp. the villians are much less 3 dimensional, they are more traditional fantasy villians.
912	Hear Us Roar	2012-06-05	Maybe they could nots see him since he was not moving.
913	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	I just imagined that the Other hadn't attacked Sam *yet.*  I suspect that when we start the next season we'll see Sam killing the Other with the obsidian then escaping from the Wights (they weren't exactly moving fast).
914	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	neither is sam!
915	Stanmore	2012-06-05	I hope so! I have a really hard time believing that the destructive fire force (the dragons) will save the world by killing the "destructive" ice force (others). I'm sure dragons have killed just as many people as the WW, if not more. plus I highly doubt the Starks will hop to the fire side to destroy ice, when they pretty much embody everything about winter and the north.But what's the big killer in Westeros? What do the Stark words warn about?  Hint: it's not Summer...
916	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	THat is an interesting argument you make with much to compel it.  However, I would argue that as far as Westeros goes (Essos is different and I will get to that in a moment), even the characters you describe as evil have compelling motives and reasons.  I think there is much argument to be made that the mountain, ramsey snow and quohorn (the evil scientist) are certifiably insane, psychopaths.  We are left with the arguing the nature of evil-is it a seperate thing unto itself (ie the others as being a pure evil thing) or is evil the perception of an act (killings may be evil or good depending on where you stand), the latter argument would support the Others as not being a purely evil phenomenom.  I would say the jury is still out on GRRMs perspective as he repeatedly reconceives the narrative on stories from different perspectives.WRT Essos I would argue that much of that oortion of the world is far less dimensionalized in that the characters, esp. the villians are much less 3 dimensional, they are more traditional fantasy villians.I would certainly be disappointed with Martin if he just decided to make the Others a completely evil race because it is so unlike the rest of his world.  I like to imagine that the Others have legitimate reasons for descending south and not just because they are out to destroy the world.   All of Martin's human characters have reasons for "being evil" so I would like to think the same is true of the Others.
917	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	neither is sam!touche!
918	Nebmai	2012-06-05	The way it was shot it is supposed to be taken that the WW saw Sam; it is clear he saw and considered him, then decided Sam was totally inconsequential and went about his business.
From this you can gleam an important fact, the WW's are fully sentient and capable of a rational thought process; that they are not simply mindless blood thirsty monsters who want to gut and eat everyone they can get their hands on.  Go read the heresy threads, yo.
919	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	who would win a race between sam a wight or tyrion?
920	Bride of Winter	2012-06-05	But what's the big killer in Westeros? What do the Stark words warn about?  Hint: it's not Summer...I don't think their house words are a friendly warning about the weather forecast. they were the kings of Winter for ~10,000 years and are pretty much the embodiment of all things northern. I take it more as a warning of the Stark's power and resilience through the Winter, which is where they thrive - sort of in the same vein as "The North Remembers".
921	Nebmai	2012-06-05	Tyrion would be smart enough to hit Sam in the balls then knock him over to trip the wight.
922	Brucolac	2012-06-05	It isn't really a change, the Others let Will go in the first episode.   It possibly has something to do with the grey nature of morality in the universe and Others aren't just out to kill everything that walks.  Probably, they just wanted a chance to show them this season, and that was the easiest way for them to do it.
923	baxter	2012-06-05	The same reason why they didn't kill the ranger in the prologue. Because they're *gasp* different than the books.Maybe I am not remembering correctly, but Ned Stark executes the third ranger who has seen the Others.  I feel like the Others want it to be known they are coming.
924	Stark Winds	2012-06-05	It's obvious that Sam just covered himself with his black cloak, and the WW thought he was just part of the rock fixture and went on his merry way!
LOL I wish.
I honestly have no idea what to think about the ending. I was kind of hoping that Sam would finally do some WW-slayin...and then I saw the huge army behind the Other, and then remembered that Sam kills an Other later on the series =P
It is plausible (though kind of stretching it) that the Others just don't see Sam ><. The Other on horseback was too far behind Sam to see him when he stopped. As others have said before me, there are two rock fixtures, a small one and a bigger one. Sam hides behind the bigger one, and when the Other stopped, he was standing next to the smaller rock. True the camera goes back and forth between the Other's face and Sam, but there's never a shot with Sam and the Other in the same frame. The only frame you see Sam with anything non-human is Sam seeing a wight walk right past him. The Other could have heard Sam's sniffling and paused to check behind the first rock, and, seeing nothing there, decided to move his army on. Kind of far-fetched, and if this was the case, I would be very disappointed. I mean, if you want to make it look like that Sam hid from the Other and wights, at least make him hide behind a tree a little way off.
If he did see Sam, I'm pretty sure he's going to keep Sam alive for a reason. Since there are more than one Other leading the army, The Other's probably going to let his mates lead the army to the Wall, and use Sam as bait for his little camp of NW brothers.
I have absolutely no idea. It's all speculation. Anyways, I wasn't impressed with how the Valar Morghulis ended /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
925	baxter	2012-06-05	I don't think their house words are a friendly warning about the weather forecast. they were the kings of Winter for ~10,000 years and are pretty much the embodiment of all things northern. I take it more as a warning of the Stark's power and resilience through the Winter, which is where they thrive - sort of in the same vein as "The North Remembers".See I disagree with this 100%, they are the walking reminder that the summer doesn't last and there is evil beyond the wall, in the cold and in the dark.  Winter is coming, to me, is not a threat to the rest of the south that the Starks are badasses and here they come.  It doesn't jive at all.  If that was the case, once those damn dragons were dead, the Starks would have massed a northern army and attacked.  If it was their warning, it would be "Winter is Here".  In fact, if it was a threat, every time they say it would be a vocal reminder of the shame they faced bowing the knee.
926	Stanmore	2012-06-05	I would certainly be disappointed with Martin if he just decided to make the Others a completely evil race because it is so unlike the rest of his world.  I like to imagine that the Others have legitimate reasons for descending south and not just because they are out to destroy the world.   All of Martin's human characters have reasons for "being evil" so I would like to think the same is true of the Others.They're an alien species. If they want to bring eternal winter to Westeros because it will help their race grow at the expense of human civilisation, that's not one dimensionally evil, that's just survival of the fittest.
927	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	They're an alien species. If they want to bring eternal winter to Westeros because it will help their race grow at the expense of human civilisation, that's not one dimensionally evil, that's just survival of the fittest.But in the books they've been portrayed as evil.  Killing for fun, laughing at those who try to fight back etc.  I just hope we get a further explanation as to why they've started moving south and killing everything in their path.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 05 June 2012 - 09:47 PM.
928	Stanmore	2012-06-05	I don't think their house words are a friendly warning about the weather forecast. they were the kings of Winter for ~10,000 years and are pretty much the embodiment of all things northern. I take it more as a warning of the Stark's power and resilience through the Winter, which is where they thrive - sort of in the same vein as "The North Remembers".So why does old nan tell horror stories of the winter that lasted a generation? Why do the Starks make such a big deal about preparing for winter, and setting aside enough food and supplies?Winter in Westeros is a killer, it's not a walk in the park. The Starks have lasted for 1000s of years because they've always taken winter seriously and made the right preperations to survive the years of ice and snow.  They;ve not survived becuse winter is a cake walk, or beacause they're best buds with the white walkers....
929	Stanmore	2012-06-05	But in the books they've been portrayed as evil.  Killing for fun, laughing at those who try to fight back etc.And men go out and kill other animals for fun.  Whole species have been driven to extinction for "sport".The Others don't have to be "Evil" to be threat to humanity.
930	DemonKing	2012-06-05	You're all assuming that Sam does survive and wasn't simply overwhelmed in the final scene - it would be pretty hard for the WW and the wights to miss the world's fattest boy trying to hide behind a rock barely bigger than himself, camera perspective issues or not. Given that there are certain major characters from the books (eg the Blackfish) that haven't appeared at all, the absence of Sam in the future probably wouldn't be a gamebreaker.Of course, they did set the scene with him finding the dragon glass and the horn, which would seem to suggest that there will be some kind of payoff in the future.
					
					
							Edited by DemonKing, 05 June 2012 - 10:01 PM.
931	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	And men go out and kill other animals for fun.  Whole species have been driven to extinction for "sport".The Others don't have to be "Evil" to be threat to humanity.That's a stretch.  If the histories are correct the Others have waged full scale war in an attempt to kill all humans and children of the forest.  And I think we are to assume they are doing the same thing this time.  And if war and extinction are just "sport" then that makes them even more comic-book evil.
932	Bride of Winter	2012-06-05	So why does old nan tell horror stories of the winter that lasted a generation? Why do the Starks make such a big deal about preparing for winter, and setting aside enough food and supplies?Winter in Westeros is a killer, it's not a walk in the park. The Starks have lasted for 1000s of years because they've always taken winter seriously and made the right preperations to survive the years of ice and snow.  They;ve not survived becuse winter is a cake walk, or beacause they're best buds with the white walkers....I definitely don't think the Starks and Others are friendly or anything if that's what you think I was implying. I simply think there's more to the Starks than meets the eye. If there's already warging, magic, and a connection to the old gods/children of the forest, it's not a far cry to think they may have a reason for doing well in winter other than storing extra food. I don't really know what this is related to anymore, but my position super simply put is that there may be more to the others than we're lead to believe, and maybe they dont need to be killed in some huge war with three dragon riders and azor ahai and all this fuss in order for Westeros to come out of the winter alive. They could very well be bringing on the end of the world or whatever, but I just hope that in a series like this it would be a little more complex than that. Even if it's simply acknowledging that the others may be a huge threat but they're just another species doing what they can to survive, and they're not as pure evil as everyone thinks they are.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 05 June 2012 - 10:11 PM.
933	Stanmore	2012-06-05	That's a stretch.  If the histories are correct the Others have waged full scale war in an attempt to kill all humans and children of the forest.  And I think we are to assume they are doing the same thing this time.  And if war and extinction are just "sport" then that makes them even more comic-book evil.Human history is full of examples of where one culture has gone to war with another other to gain land or resources. When the two cultures are entirely different species it just makes it more understandable. The white walkers donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to be moustache twirling villains to have a credible motive for invasion.In a way they're in a similar situation to the Wildlings. They've been pushed to the fringes of civilisation, forced to eke out whatever meagre existence they can. The difference is they've been put in that situation by an entirely alien species, and negotiation really isn't an option.
934	Stanmore	2012-06-05	I definitely don't think the Starks and Others are friendly or anything if that's what you think I was implying. I simply think there's more to the Starks than meets the eye. If there's already warging, magic, and a connection to the old gods/children of the forest, it's not a far cry to think they may have a reason for doing well in winter other than storing extra food.I don't really know what this is related to anymore, but my position super simply put is that there may be more to the others than we're lead to believe, and maybe they dont need to be killed in some huge war with three dragon riders and azor ahai and all this fuss in order for Westeros to come out of the winter alive. They could very well be bringing on the end of the world or whatever, but I just hope that in a series like this it would be a little more complex than that. Even if it's simply acknowledging that the others may be a huge threat but they're just another species doing what they can to survive, and they're not as pure evil as everyone thinks they are.That's what Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been saying. They're another species doing what they can to survive. They're not the embodiment of pure evil, but that doesn't mean they're not a major threat to humanity. Whether it's dragons that will take them out or direwolves I don't know, but if they end up allying with the Starks and if the wall, the foreshadowing and 8000 years of history all end up being a misdirection then Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be rather disappointed.
935	Morrigan	2012-06-05	The same reason why they didn't kill the ranger in the prologue. Because they're *gasp* different than the books.That's not a reason, that's just hand-waving. I thought it was silly in the first episode that they let the ranger go too. So far there has been no explanation for why they would do that.The White Walkers of the books are clearly sentient -- they toy with Waymar Royce; they allow Will (show) and Gared (Book) to go free.  Even the wights are either intelligent, retain some memory or are imbued by the Walkers -- the wights in Castle Black go after Night's Watch leadership.  They don't indiscriminately kill.They didn't let Gared go. Gared was guarding the horses when the Others show up. He could have seen or heard something and just ran. In fact, it's strongly hinted that this is what happened.Or perhaps it's a giant plot hole or poor execution on the shoot.  But there's plenty of plausible reasons why he might live.I have yet to hear one, to be honest.To those who claim the Others never attack first; what, exactly, do you think unleashing your wights count as, if not an attack? I guess the wights on the Wall just wanted to have a friendly chat with Jon and Lord Mormont? And those climbing the Fist, they had just heard the Old Bear threw the wildest parties and wanted to attend? Don't be silly. Evil or not, the Others are still definitely hostile to humans. Craster might be an exception, but I don't think that saying "they spare you if you give them your infant son" counts as a point in their favour...
936	Sword in the Morning	2012-06-06	They could have done this so much better, though. Imagine ending the season with Sam waking up in the middle of the night, hearing the three hornblasts, and scrambling to battle positions with his brothers. Someone begins the chanting of the Night's Watch oath, and it swells to a defiant roar strained and frantic with fear as the camera pulls back to show an army of undead swarming out of the darkness.
Edit: I think I shall never watch that episode again, and just pretend that's how they chose to portray it.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Goldenhand the Just, 06 June 2012 - 12:12 AM.
937	Clariana	2012-06-06	I see it all very much as a fantasy recreation of the barbarian migrations/invasions towards the end of the Roman empire... The Vandals, Angles, Goths, Visigoths etc overruning Western Europe are the Wildings flooding south. Why are they running? Because something even worse is running behind them: the Huns and the Moguls... The wights and the WWs...
938	johhny-turbo	2012-06-06	The only issue with the dragonglass theory (which I think is currently the most plausible) is that I don't think wights are vulnerable to dragonglass so unless they changed that in the show or something there'd be no reason for the wights to not go after him.
939	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2012-06-06	Maybe they aren't too bright? Or maybe they do kill Sam.
It did make for a cool visual, but I agree its sloppy writing.
940	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-06	I imagine the NW will run out to meet the walkers and be distracted from Sam. Then have a battle, bunch of ppl die, Sam kills a WW and we are done. i guess. He seems awful surrounded at the moment...
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 06 June 2012 - 06:06 AM.
941	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-06	I imagine the NW will run out to meet the walkers and be distracted from Sam. Then have a battle, bunch of ppl die, Sam kills a WW and we are done. i guess. He seems awful surrounded at the moment...Yeah that's perhaps one way of doing it. Although that kinda defeats the purpose of fortifying yerself on the Fist. As I said in another thread though, the Fist as it is depicted doesn't really have an escape route. It's a sheer drop down the cliff. If they get assaulted by the wights and the WW from one side, they're pretty much fucked. Cornered.
942	Jaimeisnotazombie	2012-06-06	It didnt kill Sam because he is important, that is all.    they should of had a no name with him so, he no name could be killed, just to show the Other in action
943	redriver	2012-06-06	Perhaps the scene isn't over yet.The Other is directing the Wights to attack the FOTFM,it would appear.
Maybe that's their primary objective,as opposed to killing Sam.
And perhaps when the scene continues next season,the Other will attack Sam and get the obsidian treatment,just like in the books.
It hasn't actually gone anywhere,neither has Sam.
A bit crackpot,I know.But just throwing it out there.....
944	_fr	2012-06-06	For a moment after the scene where Sam looked at the Other, I thought they were going to get Sam jump and stab it with his dragonglass that he found earlier in the previous episode. 
I'm curious on how they're gonna spinned this one so that Sam can make it out alive.
945	Veriun	2012-06-06	(Sorry if this has been posted before, I didn't see anything, but then again...) Unless there was a mistake in the shots/editing, the White Walker didn't actually see Sam. When the camera pans backwards to show the zombie army, the White Walker isn't anywhere near the boulder; at the very least, unless it can see through stone, it couldn't have seen Sam from the angle it was implied that it was watching him from. Perhaps it sensed either Sam's presence or the dragonglass, and that's why it turned its head, and Sam was just being generally nervous about the whole "there are dead people a foot away from me" business. The way the scene was shot just strongly implied that they looked at each other.
I like it better than "WW doesn't give a fudge about Sam because plot armor", at the very least.
946	Darth Pipes	2012-06-06	TV contrivances kept Sam alive.
How low is the White Walkers opinion of Sam if they take Craster's inbred infants but skip him?  Or better yet say "We'll get to you later, fat ass."
That questionable scene aside, I for once enjoyed the final season.  It was a great money shot to end the season on.  As for whether we'll see the actual battle, I doubt it.  We might get glimpses (probably almost all on the NW's side) but otherwise, I wouldn't expect much until Sam killed the WW.  Though I would love to see and UnBear!
947	sarah.jenice	2012-06-06	My point is, the Other didn't attack first, and we will never know if he would have. They haven't been overly aggressive or anything, only the wights have.I'm sorry, but I just can't agree with this. With that rationale, don't you need to take into consideration who is controlling the wights? Do the Others just reanimate the wights and they just so happen to hunt down and kill people, but that's not what the non-agressive Others intended them to do? Maybe they should stop making wights if they're out of control and killing innocent people.I don't know how accurate Old Nan's stories were, but she tells Bran that during the Long Night, the Others killed everything with hot blood in its veins. Maybe they do have motives or reasons for it like any of the armies in Westeros have for killing their enemies, but I don't see them as leaving anyone alone who doesn't try to fight them when they've reanimated thousands of dead bodies that are killing people without discretion - like Bran, Hodor, Meera and Jojen who are all attacked with Bran especially not being able to fight back. And for some reason, as Gilly tells Sam, they can smell/sense new life and that's why they come after her baby. Is that just a decision that the wights make or an order from their creators. Basically, my point is that if the Others truly don't want living beings dead, they wouldn't be making wights who we've never seen let an innocent person go free.On the prologue of A Game of Thrones, you are correct that Ser Waymar has his blade drawn, but he is obviously frightened and he tells the Other to stay where it is and from the way it reads, the Other walks up with a sword drawn so it doesn't seem like Ser Waymar has a choice. For everyone who does not remember the book clearly, below is an excerpt of the first time we see Others.A Game of Thrones - Page 7Down below, the lordling called out suddenly, "Who goes there?" Will heard uncertainty in the challenge. He stopped climbing; he listened; he watched. The woods gave answer: the rustle of leaves, the icy rush of the stream a distant hoot of a snowy owl. The Others made no sound. Will saw movement from the corner of his eye. Pale shapes gliding through the wood. [description of the woods]"Will, where are you?" Ser Waymar called up. "Can you see anything?" He was turning in a slow circle, suddenly wary, his sword in his hand. He must have felt them, as Will felt them. There was nothing to see. "Answer me! Why is it so cold?"A shadow emerged from the dark of the wood. It stood in front of Royce. Tall, it was, gaunt and hard as old bones, with flesh as pale as milk. [description of its armor] Will heard the breath come out of Ser Waymar Royce in a long hiss. "Come no farther," the lordling warned. His voice cracked like a boy's. He threw the long sable cloak over his shoulders, to free his arms for battle, and took his sword in both hands. The wind had stopped. It was very cold. The Other slid forward on silent feet. In its hand was a longsword like Will had never seen. No human metal had gone into the forging of that blade. It was alive with moonlight, translucent, a shard of crystal so thin that it seemed to almost vanish when seen edge-on. There was a faint blue shimmer to the thing, a ghost light that played around its edges, and somehow, Will knew it was sharper than any razor. Ser Waymar met him bravely. "Dance with me then." He lifted his sword high over his head, defiant. His hands trembled from the weight of it, or perhaps from the cold. Yet in that moment, Will thought, he was a boy no longer, but a man of the Night's Watch.  The Other halted. Will saw its eyes; blue, deeper and bluer than any human eyes, blue that burned like ice. They fixed on the longsword trembling on high, watched the moonlight running cold along the metal. For a heartbeat, he dared hope. They emerged silently from the shadows, twins to the first. Three of them...four...five...Ser Waymar may have felt the cold that came with them, but he never saw them, never heard them. The pale sword came shivering through the air. Ser Waymar met it with steel. When the blades met, there was no ring of metal on metal; only a high, thin sound at the edge of hearing, like an animal screaming in pain. Royce checked a second blow and a third, then fell back a step. Another fury of blows, and he fell back again. Behind him, to right, to left, all around him, the watchers stood patient, faceless, silent, the shifting patterns of their delicate armor making them all but invisible in the wood. Yet they made no move to interfere. Again and again their swords met, until Will wanted to cover his ears against the strange anguished keening of their clash. Ser Waymar was panting from the effort now, his breath steaming in the moonlight. His blade was white with frost; the Other's danced with pale blue light.Then Royce's parry came a beat too late. The pale sword bit through the ringmail beneath his arm. The young lord cried out in pain. Blood welled between the rings. It steamed in the cold, and the droplets seemed red as fire where they touched the snow. Ser Waymar's fingers brushed his side. His moleskin glove came away soaked with red.  The Other said something in a language Will did not know; his voice was like the cracking of ice on a winter lake, and the words were mocking. Ser Waymar Royce found his fury. "For Robert!" he shouted, and came up snarling, lifting the frost covered longsword with both hands and swinging it around in a flat sidearm slash with all his weight behind it. The Other's parry was almost lazy. When the blades touched, the steel shattered.A scream echoed through the forest night, and the longsword shivered into a hundred brittle pieces, the shards scattering like a rain of needles. Royce went to his knees, shrieking and covered his eyes. Blood welled between his fingers. The watchers moved forward together, as if some signal had been given. Swords rose and fell, all in a deathly silence. It was cold butchery. The pale blades sliced through ringmail as if it was silk. Will closed his eyes. Far beneath him, he heard their voices and laughter sharp as icicles.
948	Harrad	2012-06-06	Maybe someone in this thread will answer the question: what beheaded the Night Watch squad leader in Series 1, episode 1? The reason Sam survived the WW is that he appears in all the other books to date.
949	Silent Assassin	2012-06-06	Maybe someone in this thread will answer the question: what beheaded the Night Watch squad leader in Series 1, episode 1? The reason Sam survived the WW is that he appears in all the other books to date.I don't think that be a good answer, because they have to explain how Sam escape from them, in the books he fight against one WW just alone, in the TV show he can't fight right now against all of them
950	daimonionen	2012-06-06	Maybe the WW have personalities.
Some (many, probably) would just kill Sam then and there, but this particular guy chose not to, because he thought Sam too pathetic to be worth it. Then, when he's all like "Ataaaack!" the whights might be too focused on the goal ahead to pay any attention to him. And he IS halfway hiding behind that rock.
951	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	Sam probably pissed himself, and the WW just thought "damn thatÂ´s nasty, letÂ´s just keep on walking"
952	AndrA©s Garcia	2012-06-06	The scene ends before we see them leave Sam alone, so why are we assuming they leave him alone?
Watch the scene again closely. The camera travels back as it reveals a crowd of Others slowly moving forwards, but the White Walker who actually found Sam isn't moving; he's standing still right next to the rock that Sam was hiding behind. I'm not saying the writers didn't screw up, but there's no reason to think they did quite yet. Next season we might find out that the White Walker did approach Sam and that he then slayed it with his dragon glass dagger, becoming Sam the Slayer.
How does he escape the rest of them? I don't know, let's wait and see. That's why they call it a cliffhanger.
					
					
							Edited by AndrA©s Garcia, 06 June 2012 - 04:15 PM.
953	Whorehammer	2012-06-06	I agree, if you keep watching Sam was actually further ahead.  The Others were walking toward him.
954	Harrad	2012-06-07	The real reason the WW (if thats what it was--hmmm--it wasnt walking) was to anticipate this thread.
955	HouseLark	2012-06-07	OK, rather than go for the dragonglass/garlic/kryptonite theory I had another thought. Assume for a minute that the White Walkers are intelligent and not just mindless killing machines. In the two White Walker attacks that we've seen so far they have left a person alive despite clearly having the opportunity to kill them. Both times it has been a rather craven person that they have left alive.
My theory is that the White Walkers are leaving these people alive almost as heralds; they are allowed to live so that they can spread tales that will instil fear in the people of Westeros. It's something that happens a lot in war: someone is often left alive to bear witness to the power of an enemy. It's an intimidation tactic that can scatter and demoralise enemies before a bullet is fired or, in this case, a sword is sung. The Walkers each time may have left alive the most obviously craven individual as these pose no threat to the Walkers.
956	Eliaskar	2012-06-07	I also noticed how the cold came when the WW's came in the Episode, whereas it's not sure in the books if the Other's come when there's cold or if the cold comes when they come.
957	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	This was my biggest gripe about the finale. It really killed off any awesomeness the ending had. Sam just sitting there surrounded by wights and White Walkers, and having them look at him and then just scream and keep marching? Totally lame.I actually just think it was poor direction.  Sam is behind a boulder and they make it look like they're side by side, but when you see the screen pan out, they're back on the other side of that boulder.  I don't think they've actually seen him though they make it appear that they have.  Poor direction.  I would have been happier if they'd have ended the episode and the season with the hazy images that we get right after panning up from Sam panting behind the rock but I guess they wanted one massive CGI shot to echo last season's finale.Personally I think the anticipation would have been much more enticing.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 07 June 2012 - 06:37 PM.
958	LordofWinter	2012-06-08	There's no need to over think it or waste time trying to defend it. It was clearly either a case of bad writing or editing. Pick your poison. They'll probably try to salvage it by using it to segway into "Sam the Slayer" 
But if you really want to f*** with your mind, try to explain HOW Stannis managed to make it out of KL alive and unscathed?
959	Jayce	2012-06-08	In the books the Others attack armed people who attack them. In that scene Sam was neither armed (that I could see) nor did he attack. He bowed his head which kind of looked like a sign of deference or respect (though we know it was out of fear).
960	Jayaris	2012-06-08	As far as I know the Wights are never seen killing the babies, I think of WW similar to Predators in that : What ever happened to the Predators only killing people who are armed? In the original film, Dutch said to Anna "Leave [the gun]. He didn't kill you because you weren't armed. No sport." Dutch was theorizing this. In fact, the Predator will kill an unarmed person if they are a threat or worthy of combat.Warrior Culture etc.
961	SelaBela	2012-06-08	Basically, my point is that if the Others truly don't want living beings dead, they wouldn't be making wights who we've never seen let an innocent person go free.I definitely understand where you're coming from with this. I'm starting to chalk this scene up to bad editing. But, as far as them "making wights" are we sure that this is a deliberate processAs far as I know the Wights are never seen killing the babies, I think of WW similar to Predators in that :[/size]Warrior Culture etc. Reminds me of this: www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp9DHzgr758
962	Kaitscralt	2012-06-08	Next season, Sam will be with the NW group or traveling to a new locale. It won't explain what happened and we'll just have to assume they passed him by.
963	Sam with Hooters	2012-06-08	johnny_turbo wrote:The only issue with the dragonglass theory (which I think is currently the most plausible) is that I don't think wights are vulnerable to dragonglass so unless they changed that in the show or something there'd be no reason for the wights to not go after him.I have a sneaking suspicion -- with absolutely no evidence to back it up -- that once Sam kills both WW with dragonglass, the wights will collapse, reverting from undead to normal-dead without WWs nearby to control them.Another reason the WW might not kill Sam even if it saw him is that it seems to be in a terrible hurry (not the best thing when your army is composed of shambling zombies!).  This particular WW may be a special individual, resistant to sunlight -- the other WW in the scene is covered up completely in Wildling-style armor, including a hood, and carrying a crystal sword.They may well be planning to time the horde's arrival for after nightfall, when they'd have a clear advantage over the humans anyway.
964	Istakhr	2012-06-08	Since they introduced dragonglass they are probably going to do Sam the Slayer part. But how are they going to justify a WW following and attacking Sam when they left him alone here?
965	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-08	I definitely understand where you're coming from with this. I'm starting to chalk this scene up to bad editing. But, as far as them "making wights" are we sure that this is a deliberate processReminds me of this: www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp9DHzgr758I was thinking of the same thing. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 08 June 2012 - 08:59 PM.
966	kephv	2012-06-08	Since they introduced dragonglass they are probably going to do Sam the Slayer part. But how are they going to justify a WW following and attacking Sam when they left him alone here?Considering all the things they didn't even try to justify this season, do they even have to try justifying that?
967	Jayaris	2012-06-09	Since they introduced dragonglass they are probably going to do Sam the Slayer part. But how are they going to justify a WW following and attacking Sam when they left him alone here?Grenn, Paul and Sam are walking the WW comes up on a dead horse and dismounts, Grenn threatens it with a Torch it cuts the top of the torch off. Small Paul then charges at it with an Axe and it kills him, losing it's sword in the process - Then Sam fumbles into it with a dragon glass dagger, subsequently killing it.Grenn threatened the WW with a torch, he removes the threat. (When he could just as easily of killed Grenn)Paul tries to kill the WW, Paul is a sizeable man and could be considered a worthy opponent. (So he kills Paul)The WW might of been looking for a fight, but he didn't maliciously start killing them.The justification for the WW not killing Sam is already in the books.
968	bardgal	2012-06-09	Why should the WW & the wights bother with Sam? He's scared. He's fat. He's not likely to go anywhere, or get very far if he tried. If they move on to their business at The Fist, he's likely to be dead of hypothermia by the time they're done (since the A1bercold follows them), and they can make him part of their army afterwards. There's really a lot of ways this can go, and still get to where the story needs to be. I've no doubt Sam has a piece of Dragonglass on him. Will they continue to ignore him? Will one of the last WW who are bringing up the rear of the army try to take him on? Will Sam run?I think they'll ignore him, and he'll run. And like 99% of everyone in Sam's life, the WW will have underestimated him.I'm actually excited to see how D&D&GRRM resolve this.
969	Trinket2	2012-06-09	Next season, Sam will be with the NW group or traveling to a new locale. It won't explain what happened and we'll just have to assume they passed him by.I re-watched the first episode of the show today and I realized that this is pretty much what they did with Will. The wight kills the knight (Royce), and when Will and Gared are just a couple of meters from eachother, a wight slits Gareds throat and Will doesn't even run. The next time we see Will, he's made it south of the Wall.  There's no explanation why the wight didn't kill Will, or how he got out alive, as the last time we saw him he just sat down on the ground completely in sight of a wight who's just a few meters away and the horses had run off.So I gues either the Others/the wights in the show are more picky than those in the book, or the script writers just didn't care about the breach of logic.Edit: Oh, and in that first episode, wights/Others HAVE killed children among the dead that Will discovered, so it's definitaly not about a warrior instinct with them only killing dangerous persons. Besides, we know that they do something with the kids that Craster sacrifices. I find it highly unlikely that they keep the kids alive for any long period of time, or that they just leave them in the snow.
					
					
							Edited by Trinket2, 09 June 2012 - 12:27 PM.
970	Jayaris	2012-06-09	I re-watched the first episode of the show today and I realized that this is pretty much what they did with Will. The wight kills the knight (Royce), and when Will and Gared are just a couple of meters from eachother, a wight slits Gareds throat and Will doesn't even run. The next time we see Will, he's made it south of the Wall.  There's no explanation why the wight didn't kill Will, or how he got out alive, as the last time we saw him he just sat down on the ground completely in sight of a wight who's just a few meters away and the horses had run off.So I gues either the Others/the wights in the show are more picky than those in the book, or the script writers just didn't care about the breach of logic.Edit: Oh, and in that first episode, wights/Others HAVE killed children among the dead that Will discovered, so it's definitaly not about a warrior instinct with them only killing dangerous persons. Besides, we know that they do something with the kids that Craster sacrifices. I find it highly unlikely that they keep the kids alive for any long period of time, or that they just leave them in the snow.On the TV show there is a little girl, in the books there is no mention :"The camp is two miles farther on, over that ridge, hard beside a stream," Will said. "I got close as Idared. There's eight of them, men and women both. No children I could see. They put up a lean-toagainst the rock. The snow's pretty well covered it now, but I could still make it out. No fire burning, butthe firepit was still plain as day. No one moving. I watched a long time. No living man ever lay so still."Also"Did you see any weapons?""Some swords, a few bows. One man had an axe. Heavy-looking, double-bladed, a cruel piece of iron.It was on the ground beside him, right by his hand."Even when Waymar fights the Other later in the chapter he is the one who lifts his weapon up and challenges him, the (other) Others allow Waymar and the first Other to have a duel - Until it's clear that Waymar has lost and they moved in to put him out of his misery.
					
					
							Edited by Jayaris, 09 June 2012 - 01:08 PM.
971	baxter	2012-06-09	I've rewatched it several times, Sam and the Other make eye contact.  I think someone said it early in the thread, but it comes across to me as the Other thinks he is so pathetic it isnt even worth bothering with him.
972	bardgal	2012-06-10	I re-watched the first episode of the show today and I realized that this is pretty much what they did with Will. The wight kills the knight (Royce), and when Will and Gared are just a couple of meters from eachother, a wight slits Gareds throat and Will doesn't even run. The WW doesn't slit Gared's throat, it cuts off Gared's head, then tosses the severed head at Will's feet. Will then sinks to his knees.
973	Adar	2012-10-01	My crackpot theory is because Sam forsake his father's religion and prayed to the Old Gods, to the godswood tree. I think the old gods of the children of the forest are strongly related to the White Walkers. The White Walkers are awake only now because the people of Westeros cut down the godswood trees and worshiped the Seven instead.
974	Ewan	2012-10-11	I've rewatched it several times, Sam and the Other make eye contact.  I think someone said it early in the thread, but it comes across to me as the Other thinks he is so pathetic it isnt even worth bothering with him.Yeah, I think they leave cowards. Just like the person in the very first episode who they let free because he fell to his knees?
975	bringerofhope	2012-10-28	My wife is a non reader that isn't big into fantasy but LOVES GoT and to have it end with a "Walking Dead" feel left her confused and kind of turned off.Same situation here. Didn't flow with the rest of the episodes IMO. Most of the series has been about politcial/relational drama not zombies.
976	Aerys Blackfyre	2012-10-28	the others know something that we don't, that's why he is still alive
977	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-08	They are afraid of wizards?
978	Volantis	2012-11-09	Its obviously because he's an important character in the books
979	Volantis	2012-11-09	My crackpot theory is because Sam forsake his father's religion and prayed to the Old Gods, to the godswood tree. I think the old gods of the children of the forest are strongly related to the White Walkers. The White Walkers are awake only now because the people of Westeros cut down the godswood trees and worshiped the Seven instead.Leave your 'crackpot theories' to what happened in the books
980	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-01-21	I've rewatched it several times, Sam and the Other make eye contact.  I think someone said it early in the thread, but it comes across to me as the Other thinks he is so pathetic it isnt even worth bothering with him.Yeah, I think they leave cowards. Just like the person in the very first episode who they let free because he fell to his knees?(I'm being only a little bit facetious)My thought was that The Others might be so devious as to always leave one survivor.  To tell the tale.
					
					
							Edited by ExileOnDaytonStreet, 21 January 2013 - 08:17 PM.
981	Kasrith	2013-01-21	I definitely saw some Stark shields in there at the end though. Sort of odd, unless they're really old wights.I don't see that being an issue at all. On the contrary, it would make sense that Starks from thousands of years ago who perished in battle were brought back as part of an undead armyMy crackpot theory is because Sam forsake his father's religion and prayed to the Old Gods, to the godswood tree. I think the old gods of the children of the forest are strongly related to the White Walkers. The White Walkers are awake only now because the people of Westeros cut down the godswood trees and worshiped the Seven instead.The most of the NW, not to mention the wildlings, pray to the Old Gods but that doesn't seem to do them any good. If that were a reason for them not to attack, we wouldn't see any blood until they got south of the Neck
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 21 January 2013 - 08:22 PM.
982	The Others Take Ya	2013-01-31	I wondered if maybe Sam's vows are protecting him somehow.
First post ever and my crackpot theory is based on something in the book (specifically book 3/future season) so I'm going to encapsulate it in the spoiler text thing for the first time:
	Spoiler I just think his vows might be protecting him in a way that, even if he gets killed, he'd just end up undead but working for the other side (like Coldhands is somehow) and undead Sam would become more of a threat to the attackers then the way he is alive cowering behind a rock right now.
I thought the White Walker did see Sam, but took a gooood looooong magical look at him and went. "Nah better off leaving this one alive" because he can see Sam's vows are protecting him from becoming part of the White Walker's undead army. Why would you put a bunch of humans on a giant wall to protect yourself from the undead if they just end up becoming part of the problem when they die fighting them amirite? XD
Sam's relatively new to the watch, hasn't been whoring in moletown, gave his vows to the trees instead of in a sept like the other new brothers in his group (with the exception of Jon). So I think his vows are somehow "intact" and the White Walker guy, being a magical undead being himself, can see it. So he left him alone.

Anyway, I'm going with that for now, although its almost like the show could be hinting at something that isn't even explained in the the books if that's the case.
					
					
							Edited by The Others Take Ya, 31 January 2013 - 12:06 AM.
983	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-02-05	Sam's vows were given before the Old Gods, so there is viable reason for why that would matter to Sam and not to the Wights that attacked Jon and LC Mormont in season 1 (IIRC, those were dead NW).
Even still, I think there's validity in Kasrith's comment about how many of the Wildlings pray to the Old Gods, and it doesn't do them any good.
Whatever keeps Sam alive, it's probably similar to what kept Gared/Will alive in the AGOT proglogue/opening of the first season of GoT.
984	Kasrith	2013-02-26	Spoiler I just think his vows might be protecting him in a way that, even if he gets killed, he'd just end up undead but working for the other side (like Coldhands is somehow) and undead Sam would become more of a threat to the attackers then the way he is alive cowering behind a rock right now.I thought the White Walker did see Sam, but took a gooood looooong magical look at him and went. "Nah better off leaving this one alive" because he can see Sam's vows are protecting him from becoming part of the White Walker's undead army. Why would you put a bunch of humans on a giant wall to protect yourself from the undead if they just end up becoming part of the problem when they die fighting them amirite? XD
I rather like the NW Oath to the Old Gods as being some sort of shield. Obviously it is far-fetched and crackpot, but for the sake of discussion I like it. Much like they (NW) are the "shield that guards the realms of men", so too can (perhaps) the Old Gods can be the shield that guards the NW - as long as they say their oaths to the trees. Not so much shield them from death, but at least from reanimation as wights. If the WWs understood how deadly a league of Coldhands could be against them - much more so than the wildlings/living Nights Watch - it would make some (crackpot) sense to spare them. Although I find it hard for them to be able to differentiate between those who swore oaths to the Old Gods and those who didn't...This is different from simply praying to the gods, as the northerners and wildlings do. Instead here we're talking about giving oaths to sacrifice yourself for the good of the land, its people, and its riches, which may go a long way with the only true gods of land itself.
985	mrlukeduke	2013-04-10	Honestly I just thought they were doing something out of the Predator movies. Like, they prefer to hunt moving/armed targets. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
986	PetyrBaelish	2013-04-16	I think they're just pretending that scene never happened and I'm OK with that.  There's no explanation for why a whole undead army would march past him, he then somehow gets away by his fat slow self, and then a loner wight who previously didn't want to kill him attacks him.
987	mrlukeduke	2013-04-17	There are lots of ways one could justify, but yeah it really wasn't done very well IMO in the TV show.
988	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-17	Why are all you guys arguing? I think the answer is pretty obvious, you just have to think a little. So, let's see! We know that D&D know the ending of the series, and that they like showing some kind of foreshadowings. So, this is clearly very strong foreshadowing. And this is the answer:
Sam is the Prince that was Promised, Azor Ahai reborn, and the Great Other. That is why the White Walkers didn't kill him.
ETA: Or maybe is option 2: just bad writing  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 17 April 2013 - 06:31 AM.
989	Azor Ahoy!	2013-06-07	I think it's to show that the Others have a purpose other (no pun intended) than just KILLING EVERY LIVING THING. Perhaps they left him alive the same reason they let Gared go (in the book) and Will (in the show): they knew he was from the NW and wanted them to tell everybody that WINTER IS COMING, AND IT'S ANGRY!
990	Winterz	2013-06-07	I think it's to show that the Others have a purpose other (no pun intended) than just KILLING EVERY LIVING THING. Perhaps they left him alive the same reason they let Gared go (in the book) and Will (in the show): they knew he was from the NW and wanted them to tell everybody that WINTER IS COMING, AND IT'S ANGRY!o.o We share a similar opinion, sir.
991	Sordelor	2013-06-12	Nope, it was because the lead wight or WW is none other than Benjen Stark... Well that's my theory...Have you read the books? People can't become Others.Sorry if it's allready said, Ihaven't got time to read the topic but I felt I had to say it.
					
					
							Edited by Somebody, 12 June 2013 - 12:06 PM.
992	Winterz	2013-06-12	Have you read the books? People can't become Others.Actually the wild theory around here is that babies can.
993	chikarilli	2014-08-17	I think the white walkers passed by Sam because he took his vows before the old gods. Â Prior to the arrival of the first men, the mythical/magical inhabitants of Westeros worshiped the Old Gods. Â The First Men took those Gods for their own as well. Â I think this is going to turn into a battle of the gods with characters and houses we've been reading about being the embodiment of their respective Gods intentions.Â
994	Artemis	2012-06-03	I can't have been the only one that was pissed off about how the sequence of events unfolded at the House of the Undying in Quarth. 
Besides the image of the Wall and the Iron Throne, did they even allude to the other prophecies/images presented in the book? I don't think they did but I'll have to re-watch the episode again. 
No. Just no. I would have liked the episode otherwise but I was still seething about the House of Undying or the lack thereof until the end of the episode.
995	Sidonie	2012-06-03	Yeah, I was pretty bummed. The chapter about the House of the Undying is just about my favorite chapter in the books. It was given short shrift in Episode 10. I guess they did it for financial reasons, having spent so much money on the Battle of the Blackwater. Oh. well, you can't have it all.
996	moonsblood	2012-06-03	I knew it was going to be bad when there was no mention of Shade of the Evening.
997	A Stark in Salem	2012-06-03	The visions they did present were cool, but the whole story-line with the HOTU was already so far off the book it kind of like... whatever! Still, I had hoped for more.I was really looking forward to the creepy glowing heart in the middle of the dying dining room getting eaten and shredded. That's such a great scene in the book! And the book visions were not just great on there own, but were useful references to future events. Definitely would have liked to see the Red Wedding image, and a few other memorable ones.Actually everything about Qarth was IMO a lost cause once the writers started screwing with it; often for no great reason as far as I could tell.The season will remain for me like a Cliff's Notes version of Clash of Kings- maybe Cliff's Notes with an impressionist's lens.
998	SerMixalot	2012-06-03	I guess Dany will burn KL, and Drogo will return
^
\\
I wonder what other things from books 6&7 D&D revealed
999	SerMixalot	2012-06-03	oh and dany is now a common thief
ok
1000	erolyn	2012-06-03	I was sure that even if they cut most of the visions, they'd at least say the "three fires, three mounts, three betrayals" thing. At least the betrayals. Because that prophecy affects how Dany interacts with pretty much everyone (espcially Jorah) from that point on.I didn't have a problem with the Drogo scene, and I'm sure they put it in because Jason Momoa was so popular last season, but couldn't they have made it 30 seconds shorter and put in the 3 betrayals bit? That was WAY MORE important?Angry.
1001	ThePickler	2012-06-03	They had the wall right there why the hell wouldn't they put a blue rose on it.
1002	Bastard of Boston	2012-06-03	Even though the sequence fell a little but flat without the prophecies, it was great to see Dany on the Iron Throne set and Wall sets...knowing how long it's going to be before she's ever on those sets...if at all.
1003	dtones520	2012-06-03	They can add the three Betrayals later via Quaithe. Seriously it's an adaptation, it has to be interesting for tv. Dany's Qarth storyline is a snooze fest in COK until the HOTU. Would I like the prophecies? Sure, but they can be added later. Plus we are 5 of 7 books in and none have happened.
1004	dtones520	2012-06-03	They had the wall right there why the hell wouldn't they put a blue rose on it.And who would understand that other than book redaers?
1005	teemo	2012-06-03	One of the biggest letdowns of the season...I mean damn, who cares about some sappy romance with Drogo?  I was at least hoping he'd turn out to be some sort of trick.  I knew it was going to be bad.  And Dany going around stealing stuff in someone's house?  OK....also, I find it hard to believe she'd lock up Doreah in there...she is a whore, afterall.
1006	ThePickler	2012-06-03	And who would understand that other than book redaers? No one. But it would have been so easy to have Ned reference it at some point in season 1 or have Jorah mention it while telling Dany stories of her Rhaegar.
1007	MaJose	2012-06-03	I was disappointed too. I didn't expect all the visions to be there. That would've been difficult for budgetary reasons or because some of them are too weird or maybe gave away too much (Red Wedding). I get it, and the Wall and the Drogo vision worked fine. I can live without the visions (eve though a thought the one with Rheagar and Aegon is important).
What I can't believe is that they didn't mention the prophecies at all. They don't need to spend a lot of money on that. I think they should have at least mention the three betrayals and the three heads of the dragon. Couldn't they had Pyat Preet mention this? As it is, her visit amounted too pretty much nothing. She didn't learn anything and I'm pretty sure nobody thought she was actually going to loose her dragons.
1008	timo19	2012-06-03	house of the undying with no three betrayals, was it really that hard to add it in? Weiss & Benioff blew this simple thing.
1009	lomiller	2012-06-03	Following the book for the HoU would have been pretty difficult.  At least they had something that could be sort of interpreted as prophecy.  (Snow on the Iron Throne)
1010	CacauCinnamon	2012-06-03	Awww, my biggest disappointment. Prophecies are impooooooortant!
When things start to happen you remember them and go all "ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" and that's so much fun.
Really, it could have been a whisper while she was leaving the house, anything...
I knew they'd cut stuff budget and time wise, but I did not expect them to cut so much :/
1011	TickTak77	2012-06-03	There was no way that they were going to translate this scene from the books directly into the TV as it was.
It needed to be changed, simple as. The scene in the books is one of the most memorable from a Clash of Kings, simply because it's so ambiguous, confusing, and odd all in one. In short, it was far too complex a scene for it to be put onto TV. It needed to be shaped and changed a bit and that's exactly what they did.
I didn't have a problem with the end product of the scene; as far as the TV show goes, it fit. I would have preffered something more prophetic like in the books, but it was always going to be a long shot that they went that route.
1012	_Oberyn_	2012-06-04	And who would understand that other than book redaers?It does not mater, for the effort it takes to add one blue flower if 90% do not get it, still worth it. And it will still be a talking point anyway even if no one gets it.
1013	Dementia	2012-06-04	It was crap.  It wasn't fascinating, it wasn't dark, it wasn't forboding.  She just wandered around, found her dragons and said 'dracarys'.  SUCH a let down.
1014	nothatso	2012-06-04	I really didn't have that much of a problem with it. They extended the episode to 70 minutes as it was.
I'm just stuck in a cycle of overanalyzing everything I saw in that scene. Wondering if there was any hidden significance where there probably isn't.
1015	kimo333	2012-06-04	i was and still am pissed
1016	Gertrude	2012-06-04	The visions, notwithstanding, I was underwhelmed with this storyline. I wish they had her do the HotU in ep 8 and then deal with the aftermath and the Barristan reveal as the finale. I felt that would have a lot more punch as Dany getting her dragons back was a foregone conclusion.
I did like that they referenced her dragons as the source of magic. And who didn't know that vault would be empty? I just figured it would have been part of Daxos's trick to get her to marry him. 'You can pick what you want from my vault as a wedding present' type thing. That is, when I thought that would still be part of the storyline.
1017	BlueHighwind	2012-06-04	I'm not one who complains about every minor change they've made in the series so far.  They're allowed to take their liberties, change the story up a bit, it makes watching the show more exciting for me.
What is not making the show more exciting for me is cutting out THIS SCENE!!  WHERE WERE THEY THINKING??  What is the point of a televised adaptation if hugely important stuff like this is getting cut out?  Why the heck did they waste their CG budget on the Others scene at the end when there's more important things to be done?   Are they that lazy that they couldn't cast a guy to play Reagar for one scene, for barely one line of dialog?  No Wolf King.  Where is the mention of the Song of Ice and Fire?  Where is it?
This is crap.  Don't try to defend it, because its crap.
1018	Ghost Cat	2012-06-04	At first I was disappointed too in the visions, but then after some thought (and rereading the scene in the book), Dany doesn't know what the wedding scene means, as she doesn't know these people. The viewers would recognize them immediately and then we would have the Mother of All Spoilers ruining next season. They simply couldn't ruin the next season like that.
1019	victim	2012-06-04	To be honest, it kind of exceeded my expectations to the point where I liked what I saw. I wasn't expecting visions or anything of that sort, let alone the Throne room, the Wall and Drogo with Rhaego. I would have preferred if the latter was replaced by Viserys because for some reason I feel like that may have served the overall plot better, reminding Dany of her lineage and her need to ascend to the Throne could have been done well -- but I'm not a massive Drogo fan. I kind of figured it would just be Dany walking though some dark rooms, hearing dragons and voices before being attacked by the Warlocks. Admittedly, it could have exceeded expectations more, though in the end it was much better than it could have been.
I'm far more peeved about Jon being underhanded this season. They've done far worse things to him than they have to Dany.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 04 June 2012 - 01:54 AM.
1020	tsunad	2012-06-04	The way it was adapted, the entire dragon theft/House of the Undying story could have been cut with no damage to the plot or character development.
Putting it in the season finale just made it worse.  It wasn't interesting enough to end Dany's storyline with.  Removing the prophecies made it even worse - even the three treasons would have given non-book readers something to guess at, and a reason to continue watching next season (who will betray Dany?).
Instead, Dany's story arc this season ended on a flat note.
1021	The Last Reyne	2012-06-04	The three betrayals does seem like a bad omission. And I know they had budget constraints but as someone mentioned in another thread couldn't they have you used disembodied voices to say some of the prophecies. I think with little effort something could have been worked out. Though I did enjoy the dragons laying waste to Pryat Pree. Never liked the blue lipped freak.
1022	K.C.	2012-06-04	It did indeed fall flat. I'm not sure it was budgetary though. It felt like some things just couldn't be adapted -- having a certain man's body with a wolf's head on it, for example, would be a spoiler for half the viewers and just confuse the rest -- and they threw in the towel on at least giving the faithful a valentine. Instead, by their own admission they found an excuse to bring Jason Momoa back. Hence the other thread on this topic.
1023	Rangers	2012-06-04	Ok everyone breathe for a second and stop getting your panties up in a bunch. Considering budget and time constraints, the show did a fine job of making something out of Dany's trip to the HotU. I read the second book after the first season was completed and I never expected them to be able to fully adapt it, so this wasn't a big letdown. If everyone could take a step back and actually look at this scene for what it was, it actually showed a lot of stuff.
First off, notice the throne room's condition. The floor level is covered in snow and ICE while the roof looks to be burnt, as if by FIRE. Um hello? ICE and FIRE anyone?
Second, the Iron Throne is covered in snow. Dany observes it, hears her dragons, then follows their cries to the next area which is... The Wall?! Hmmm the throne covered in snow and the scene immediately following that is at the wall. Jon Snow come to anyone's mind? Could be nothing, or could be something much more.
As for the whole thing with the prophecies and betrayals. Someone mentioned this earlier but all of these can be easily explained or presented by someone else at a later time. Look at how the dragonglass was found. In the book Jon found it whereas in the show Sam discovered it. Different characters at different times, same results. No harm no foul. The betrayals not being included now doesn't mean it's written out of the show, it'll just come at a different time.
1024	Brienne0fTarth	2012-06-04	It's been a while since I've read the book. Can someone remind me what the significance of the blue rose is?
1025	EmmaG	2012-06-04	And who would understand that other than book redaers?Probably no one, but since the show has already included a number of things that only book readers would fully understand (Stormborn, dracarys, blood of my blood,  to name a few), why not toss another in there?
1026	Rangers	2012-06-04	Lyanna's favorite flower was the blue winter rose. The vision Dany has in the book is a blue rose growing in a wall of ice (assumed to be The Wall.) This adds speculation to the whole R + L = J theory.
1027	Tumnas the Torpid	2012-06-04	Of course we weren't going to get anything near the experience in the book.  That's a given.  It would not be possible.The thing that kills me is the opportunities squandered within the show's treatment of the event.  Daenerys approaches the Iron Throne.  I can't imagine it would have cost them that much to hire someone to sit in it and deliver one line.  One line that will corroborate a certain someone's heretefore-unheard version of previous events in that throne room.In that same vein, would it not have been possible to quite easily stage some of the images found in the text during Dany's brief walk through the throne room?  Especially if they had not spent CGI money on snow and burn damage?
1028	Reznak mo Reznak	2012-06-04	I find the show a lot more emjoyab;e because I've stopped looking for whats missing from the book and instead just watching it for what it is.
1029	Ice Turtle	2012-06-04	I like the burned Red Keep way much better than than absolutely lame Others. If they wanted to save money why not sound three blasts in the dark and show blue aye here and there and then next season just show a lot of red snow? 
Anyway, did the visions actually mean something? My only interpretation is that she will find only cold ruins once she come to Westeros (some hope she will make even more ruins) and taking the Throne will bring her no joy and that the thing she is really searching for (family) is in the cold north.
1030	Tumnas the Torpid	2012-06-04	@Ice Turtle: My interpretation was basically, "Winter is coming.  Bring the dragons to save us, before it is too late."
Admittedly, this may have been influenced by episode's final scene.
1031	Javi Marcos	2012-06-04	I wasn't expecting predictions (THIS IS TV, GUYS, NOT A BOOK, REALIZE IT) and I wasn't expecting Khal Drogo.
So I liked a lot the Throne scene (Snow and Fire)and Khal and Rakharo.
1032	Not A Lannister	2012-06-04	I would have loved to at least have Dany see her father sitting on the Iron Throne saying his final words "let them burn" or whatever they were. Or maybe even have the Iron Throne with Aerys, another throne with Robb's body/Grey Winds head and possibly a third a blue rose...I dunno...that scene just didn't sit well with me.
1033	drigoly	2012-06-04	i am a little bit underwhelmed by the HOTU but khal drogo was in, so it was realy bad except the scene with khal drogo...
1034	xythil	2012-06-04	The scene itself was GREAT..fit with the TV show great..well shot..ect.. but it was very different from the books.
I am more dissapointed with the Half-brain...err I mean Half-hand... Guy looked like a total chump this entire season.
1035	Tumnas the Torpid	2012-06-04	I wasn't expecting predictions (THIS IS TV, GUYS, NOT A BOOK, REALIZE IT) and I wasn't expecting Khal Drogo.So I liked a lot the Throne scene (Snow and Fire)and Khal and Rakharo.I always knew that the reality of adaptation would mean we would be getting a much different scene.But I can't help but think that:a)  Daenerys stands right before the Iron Throne.  There's no reason why her father couldn't be sitting it, delivering his doomsday line.  It would have redounded to the benefit of the desolation of that scene, and it bears directly on important character development next season./cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />  Not much of anything actually happens in the throne room.  It seems that it would have been inexpensive (both in terms of time and money) to add one or two other elements from the book to the scene, in passing.  For instance, as Daenerys crosses the throne room, she passes some extras with a cloth dragon.  Inexpensive practical effect.
					
					
							Edited by Tumnas the Torpid, 04 June 2012 - 04:13 AM.
1036	Jayaris	2012-06-04	No one. But it would have been so easy to have Ned reference it at some point in season 1 or have Jorah mention it while telling Dany stories of her Rhaegar.So you wanted them to re-write and re-air a Season 1 episode for Season 2?Obviously Season 1 had already gone to Air by the time this was filmed.
1037	Gertrude	2012-06-04	Just realized that if they do decide to introduce the prophecy of threes via some other means (like Quaithe), Doreah could count as a betrayal and confuse matters. I'm assuming that anyway since we don't know what they are yet. I'm thinking that they probably won't even bother with those though.
1038	Oso	2012-06-04	Snow in the Red Keep = Jon Snow as king? D&D do know how everything ends.
1039	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	The Drogo scene was nice, but I would have liked at least a few visions/prophecies.  They couldn't have let some ominous voice say "let him be king over cooked meat and charred bones" in the throne scene (I'm assuming that is what the throne room would have looked like if Jaime had not killed Aerys)?  They wouldn't even need an actor, just a voice booming in from nowhere would have been great.
They couldn't put a blue rose somewhere in the wall scene either?  Why was she even at the Wall if not to see the blue rose?  They gave us these beautiful settings with the throne room and the wall, and but didn't add any content to make her visit significant imo.  She was just walking through the places...
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 04 June 2012 - 04:44 AM.
1040	xythil	2012-06-04	it woulda been perfct...
shes walking to the tent...bends down...plucks a single blue rose off the ground from her path....continues on
next season oberyn discusses with tyrion how his sister loved blue roses...
would have been perfect and cheap.... 
this oversight will bother me for a long time /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1041	Gogossos	2012-06-04	The Dracarys scene fell flat to me. A few seconds extra they could've made it more dramatic: "Dracarys" a puff of smoke; "Dracarys" again, just a bit louder and a small fire and Pyat steps back; "Dracarys" again and Pyat's sleeve catches fire and the music roars and then finally "DRACARYS!" and the whole place catches fire. Then cut to Jorah outside and the whole place coming down and Dany appearing with her dragons.
The HOTU sequence made sort of sense. I think the first thing D&D did was ask George what was important and it's clear what message they wanted to get across. Jon is important to Dany, either as a relative or a future lover/husband - that's why their scenes are always juxtaposed with each other - and also that she will get to the Iron Throne but it'll be a ruined thing. Other things are either too spoilery (the RW has been too telegraphed as it is without HOTU references) or too complex (Rhaega's scene would totally throw off non-book viewers, who wouldn't want to find out the background without running into spoilers). 
What they totally, totally failed to do was wink at us book fans. A flower at the Wall, a cloth dragon, etc. things that don't, and shouldn't, make much sense to a non-book viewer or alert them. That keeps both sides happy and it is this aspect that worries me about this year's adaptation. Things that book readers hold dear (weasel soup, anyone?) have been tossed out for no particular reason than "it's an adaptation people" and I find that annoying. I can understand adaptation problems (like shortening sequences, having no horses in certain scenes, changing dialogue or attributing it to someone else, etc) but changing character motivation (Cat and Robb being prime examples) for no discernible reason, I don't get that at all. The HOTU is pretty much Dany's only significant moment in this book or season and they have fluffed it. If the Blackwater battle was so important, then HOTU should've been as important and allowed to eat up half of the episode if necessary, with many of her scenes earlier in the season being cut. That's how you do an adaptation.
					
					
							Edited by Gogossos, 04 June 2012 - 05:12 AM.
1042	The Butler of Tarth	2012-06-04	Show on the Iron Throne and Dany finding her Sun-and-Stars beyond the Wall. Subtle.
At that point Jon being a Targ, getting it on with Dany and becoming King is pretty much set, which makes me kind of sad because I hate the R+L with a passion.
Just to pile on the complaints about botching the most important scene of the second season (and book):
1. How hard it is to put a single blue rose in a scene? It could just be there beyond the Wall, lying on the ground and everybody would be happy.
2. The visions of the past and future: You don't need to build ten whole new sets and hire fifty actors for that. Just have Dany walk through a long corridor with doors on both sides - as she passes each door she sees a scene happening in there. We don't get to see anything but we can clearly hear stuff like "He's the song of Ice and Fire", "He'll be king of ash and ruins", "I looked for you on the Trident" and "Promise me Ned".
1043	Spidey	2012-06-04	I can't have been the only one that was pissed off about how the sequence of events unfolded at the House of the Undying in Quarth.Besides the image of the Wall and the Iron Throne, did they even allude to the other prophecies/images presented in the book?Why would they? Does a TV-Viewer know anything about the significance of a blue flower? No. Does he know about the Battle at the Trident and what happened there? No. Does he know about the prophecy about The Prince that was Promised? No.Also, actually showing a bleeding Robb would have been way too blunt.All of the background information needed for interpreting Dany's visions is completely absent on the show. There is absolutely no point in having her visions be the same as in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Spidey, 04 June 2012 - 09:23 AM.
1044	ThePickler	2012-06-04	So you wanted them to re-write and re-air a Season 1 episode for Season 2? Obviously Season 1 had already gone to Air by the time this was filmed.Are you trying to tell me that time has some sort of linear flow to it? What I meant was that they could have effortlessly implemented it somewhere.
1045	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-06-04	i took away more hints for the end game and seeing her at the wall was a pretty god damn awesome.. the shows not the books.. things might change but the end game should be the same and there were a couple things to take away from seeing kings landing a mess filled with snow...
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 04 June 2012 - 09:31 AM.
1046	The Freshmaker	2012-06-04	I guess they the writers don't want to be bound to the prophecies. As a matter of fact the prophecies shown on tv were pretty straight forward compared to the books. Drogo and baby scene was such a fan-service... I love it!
The only thing I was disappointed with was Rhaegar... I thought HotU was the best time to introduce him *sigh* Maybe Barristan will tell more tales about him
... also the line "a song of ice and fire"... that was a bummer...
All the other prophecies... I was ok it wasn't shown. It can be confusing for the viewers and also Quaithe can add other prophecies later.
1047	Bride of Winter	2012-06-04	Massive disappointment. and it's not even like they just took her visions out - they went out of their way to change them. Once again the producers prove they couldn't give two shits about prophecies and theories, despite the fact thats essentially the backbone of the series.
1048	RedRum	2012-06-04	oh and dany is now a common thiefokHer army was foraging. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1049	Bayard	2012-06-04	Actually I kind of enjoyed the HotU. From the moment I read the chapter I knew it was close to impossible to put on screen. And the prophecy part of the books, really is the thing I dislike the most. And to be clear, not prophecies like the Prince that was Promised, or AA, no, personal prophecies, like Cersei and the young queen, or the 3 to betray Dany, even the king with a wolf head ...  They took them out from the first season, so they were faithful to their concept of a show. I thought the way they used the chains was kind of weak, but the Dracarys part was beautiful!!
I was a lot more upset by the way they changed Jon's story... one that was extremely simple to put on screen, unlike the HotU.
1050	samrtk	2012-06-04	If they translated it as is in the book, they would have given away a lot of plot, and essentially spoiled certain scenes. Some things are only meant for the book. They could have done a lot more, and made it a lot more omnious sure, but there's room for that stuff next season. More content for Quaithe since they've set her up already. I actually loved the addition of Drogo, it was a great deviation imo, and fit perfectly into the show's HotU, which was basically ways to ensnare Dany into willfully staying put.
1051	erolyn	2012-06-04	Just realized that if they do decide to introduce the prophecy of threes via some other means (like Quaithe), Doreah could count as a betrayal and confuse matters. I'm assuming that anyway since we don't know what they are yet. I'm thinking that they probably won't even bother with those though.Yeah, I was thinking about that too. If they did still include the three betrayals, wouldn't that make Mirri Maz Duur "blood" and Doreah "gold" (because that seemed to be what Xaro was promising her)? So then Jorah's has to be "love"? Still not positive that that's what GRRM intended, especially since it seems like there's one more to come in the books. Was Missandei going to betray her so they just had Doreah do it instead? And what about Brown Ben Plumm (I could see them cutting him, I guess)?So confused now.
1052	Spidey	2012-06-04	oh and dany is now a common thiefokAnd next season she will break a contract. So what? I really don't get your point there.
1053	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	The scene with the Wall and Drogo was great, it's just... Where's the rest? Where's EVERYTHING? They basically substituted all of the visions for some Drogo and a repeated prophecy. Not impressed.
1054	nubreed000	2012-06-04	Show on the Iron Throne and Dany finding her Sun-and-Stars beyond the Wall. Subtle.At that point Jon being a Targ, getting it on with Dany and becoming King is pretty much set, which makes me kind of sad because I hate the R+L with a passion.Just to pile on the complaints about botching the most important scene of the second season (and book):1. How hard it is to put a single blue rose in a scene? It could just be there beyond the Wall, lying on the ground and everybody would be happy.2. The visions of the past and future: You don't need to build ten whole new sets and hire fifty actors for that. Just have Dany walk through a long corridor with doors on both sides - as she passes each door she sees a scene happening in there. We don't get to see anything but we can clearly hear stuff like "He's the song of Ice and Fire", "He'll be king of ash and ruins", "I looked for you on the Trident" and "Promise me Ned".That's exactly how it should've been done, but the producers really dropped the ball on this one, and overall on the season in general. I'm pretty disappointed.
1055	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-06-04	I liked the scene. wasn't really expecting a whole lot of visions. But I thought t he snow on the throne and the dany beyond the wall looked beautiful.
1056	Tadco26	2012-06-04	House of the undying, but we don't get to see Dany meet the undying?  None of the relavant prophesies?  Of course the whole thing was completely contrived from the start, Dany was powerless when the rest of the 13 were killed and they could have simply chained her in real chains at sword point and killed Jorah and the rest of her people right then.  I didn't expect a word for word translation and I'm not surprised they butchered it after what they have done with her story line all season, but I'm still disappointed.
1057	Prince of Braavos	2012-06-04	I just don't understand the disappointment when WE JUST GOT A BOOK 6/7 SNEAK PREVIEW. Seriously the burned out throne room in Winter was something we've never actually seen in the books but it's definitely coming and the show just showed it to us. That's incredible. That moment isn't going to happen for real until season 6 or later (if the show survives that long) but THEY JUST SHOWED IT RIGHT NOW. This is series endgame stuff, people. That's cool as hell.
1058	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	I just don't understand the disappointment when WE JUST GOT A BOOK 6/7 SNEAK PREVIEW. Seriously the burned out throne room in Winter was something we've never actually seen in the books but it's definitely coming and the show just showed it to us. That's incredible. That moment isn't going to happen for real until season 6 or later (if the show survives that long) but THEY JUST SHOWED IT RIGHT NOW. This is series endgame stuff, people. That's cool as hell.I really don't want to know about book 6 and 7 from the show. If it wasn't in the books, I don't want to see it. I'd rather stop watching than be spoiled on something that will happen in the books.
1059	jons nissa	2012-06-04	What they totally, totally failed to do was wink at us book fans. A flower at the Wall, a cloth dragon, etc. things that don't, and shouldn't, make much sense to a non-book viewer or alert them. That keeps both sides happy and it is this aspect that worries me about this year's adaptation.i think they did throw book viewers a bone. when dany sees her son in the book, he has her color hair. there's no reason for her baby not having that color hair in the show. i think that is a clear statement that targaryans can have dark hair and puts more fuel on the fire or r+l=j. i've seen some speculate that it's jon himself since she doesn't act motherly around him - just looks on. that is probably a stretch but i think this scene helps support a theory you would only know if you read the books. could they have done more? of course. but everything has to help non-viewers understand the story so in the long run this scene works for both readers and non-readers.If everyone could take a step back and actually look at this scene for what it was, it actually showed a lot of stuff.First off, notice the throne room's condition. The floor level is covered in snow and ICE while the roof looks to be burnt, as if by FIRE. Um hello? ICE and FIRE anyone?Second, the Iron Throne is covered in snow. Dany observes it, hears her dragons, then follows their cries to the next area which is... The Wall?! Hmmm the throne covered in snow and the scene immediately following that is at the wall. Jon Snow come to anyone's mind? Could be nothing, or could be something much more.i agree. the first thing i started wondering about was why the throne room looked the way it did. is this after her dragons have arrived or before she even shows up? does the fact that she doesn't touch the throne or sit on it foreshadow anything? having her leave the red keep and arrive at the wall is clearly a hint of what will happen when she finally arrives in westeros. will she arrive in king's landing only to find it ruined and told the enemy is at the wall and head north? or does it mean she will find her "family" on the other side of the wall where jon happens to be?when i saw this thread i was excited about reading all the speculation about what happened not another complaint thread. i think  this scene shows things both readers and non-readers can understand but is much more for the readers. doesn't anyone want to discuss the NEW prophecies we've been given?
					
					
							Edited by jon's nissa, 04 June 2012 - 10:46 AM.
1060	Dunnii	2012-06-04	I just don't understand the disappointment when WE JUST GOT A BOOK 6/7 SNEAK PREVIEW. Seriously the burned out throne room in Winter was something we've never actually seen in the books but it's definitely coming and the show just showed it to us. That's incredible. That moment isn't going to happen for real until season 6 or later (if the show survives that long) but THEY JUST SHOWED IT RIGHT NOW. This is series endgame stuff, people. That's cool as hell.I agree. I thought that was pretty cool, and it was also interesting how Dany walks up to the throne (in the snow) but never touches it. She walks outside and it is the wall, but .....but.... maybe I'm dumb, but I did NOT understand the purpose of Drogo and the son. What was that? I really don't get it.I also have to wonder if a non-book reader even followed Dany's story with the House of the Undying. If you just watch the show, you never quite understand why the warlocks want her there and what they were doing at the end. I didn't even understand. And since there were no "undying" how can a non-book reader have any clue what that was even about?
1061	Tadco26	2012-06-04	I just don't understand the disappointment when WE JUST GOT A BOOK 6/7 SNEAK PREVIEW. Seriously the burned out throne room in Winter was something we've never actually seen in the books but it's definitely coming and the show just showed it to us. That's incredible. That moment isn't going to happen for real until season 6 or later (if the show survives that long) but THEY JUST SHOWED IT RIGHT NOW. This is series endgame stuff, people. That's cool as hell.Considering how changed Dany's story line is right now, expecting the story to resemble the books by book 6-7 is certainly not a given.
1062	Morvran	2012-06-04	Not reading through everything yet, but I assume they'll have Quaithe fill in the prophecy blanks as the story unfolds.  
I was expecting something different from the HotU scene, but I enjoyed what they did.  The Khal Drogo and baby part was especially touching.  At the same time I felt like they were just like, "Ok, we have no money left, so let's use sets that we already have in place".
1063	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	The one good Daenerys chapter ruined with bad choices. I already knew they wouldn't show half of what she sees in the book it wouldn't be possible, and, come on, after what they spent with the Blackwater last episode, we were lucky to have dragons and direwolves at all. But would it have been too hard to spend those five minutes of the Drogo scene showing some glimpses of the past? Or to make some people in the shadows whisper her a few secrets? I love Jason Momoa as much as the next person, but that scene was simply unnecessary.
But I liked what we see of King's Landing, as much as I doubt we should consider that any confirmation for what will happen in the books. And the Wall, I really saw no purpose of showing it if they didn't put the bloody blue rose growing on it. Three seconds of her looking at it would have been enough, would it be that hard? I get that the intention was probably to show that KL destruction or whatever when Winter arrives will be due to what comes from beyond the Wall, but I still don't agree with how they chose to show it.
1064	BabyMeraxes	2012-06-04	I thought it was lame. I really wanted to hear a chorus of Warlocks chant: "MOTHER OF DRAGONS, BRIDE OF FLAME."
That being said, this is a really rough scene to adapt, espescially because they don't know how long this series will last, or how future events are going to unfold. Real talk? Everything was forgiven when I saw Viserion and Rhaegal.
1065	Katydid	2012-06-04	house of the undying with no three betrayals, was it really that hard to add it in? Weiss & Benioff blew this simple thing.Plain and simple truth.  They blew it.And they can't blame this one on budget.  They spent entirely too much time on Dany creeping slow-motion around an empty room, rather than trying 2 or 3 doors and seeing different people/visions behind each.Seeing Jason back was a nice surprise, but considering how pointless it was, the timing of that scene could have been cut in half.  They waxed poetic about whether or not it was a dream for too long.  Dany backs out of there crying in half the time, and there would've been plenty of time for her to try another door, opening it on a shadowy figure sitting on a throne with the seeming outline of wolf-ears on his head.For as much as I enjoyed several things about this season, this entire arc of Dany's was EPIC FAIL, D&D.  The worst fail of the entire season.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1066	Crown	2012-06-04	For the first time this series I am really disappointed, I was so looking forward to see the House of the Undying.
1067	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	They completely fucked it. There's no way denying that.
1068	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	They completely fucked it. There's no way denying that.Well, yes there is.  Opinion isn't fact.  I see nothing they did of substance that can't be repaired in terms of plot/character development later.  To me, the key to accepting the adaptation is that necessary development may not happen exactly on the same timeline as in the books.  Just because Danys doesn't get those prophesies in the House of the Undying at the end of Season 2 doesn't mean she won't get them later is perhaps the best example of that.
1069	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I just don't understand the disappointment when WE JUST GOT A BOOK 6/7 SNEAK PREVIEW. Seriously the burned out throne room in Winter was something we've never actually seen in the books but it's definitely coming and the show just showed it to us. That's incredible. That moment isn't going to happen for real until season 6 or later (if the show survives that long) but THEY JUST SHOWED IT RIGHT NOW. This is series endgame stuff, people. That's cool as hell.I would have preferred such info come from the author not from the TV show.
1070	Morvran	2012-06-04	Seeing Jason back was a nice surprise, but considering how pointless it was, the timing of that scene could have been cut in half.  They waxed poetic about whether or not it was a dream for too long.  Dany backs out of there crying in half the time, and there would've been plenty of time for her to try another door, opening it on a shadowy figure sitting on a throne with the seeming outline of wolf-ears on his head.I would MUCH rather have a nice long scene between Dany and Drogo (and their son) that relayed real emotion and yearning than a bunch of shorter, frantic HotU scenes.  Their scene in the tent, for me, made up for everything else I was looking for in HBOs HotU.  And I think for the non-readers it was even more meaningful b/c it gave them closure on a couple they grew to love last season (and who was mercilessly torn away from them).  They can 'fix' the prophecy issues quite easily if they so choose.
1071	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Well, yes there is.  Opinion isn't fact.  I see nothing they did of substance that can't be repaired in terms of plot/character development later.  To me, the key to accepting the adaptation is that necessary development may not happen exactly on the same timeline as in the books.  Just because Danys doesn't get those prophesies in the House of the Undying at the end of Season 2 doesn't mean she won't get them later is perhaps the best example of that.and what gives you the impression that the storytelling of D&D will live up to that?
1072	The Queen of Thorns	2012-06-04	Sorry but how on earth would the prophecies ruined anything for the series.
If they had done it right they would have ruined about as much as they did in the books.
Ie not very much!
1073	Fossoway	2012-06-04	I agree. I thought that was pretty cool, and it was also interesting how Dany walks up to the throne (in the snow) but never touches it. She walks outside and it is the wall, but .....but.... maybe I'm dumb, but I did NOT understand the purpose of Drogo and the son. What was that? I really don't get it.I saw the purpose as two-fold -- a last temptation to give up and be a good little dragon princess for the wizards, and a way for Dany to accept that she had responsibilities to her dragons and Westeros that outweighed her desires to play house with Drogo in her mind (hence her recitation of "when the sun rises in the west," etc. before resolutely walking away).I for one did not expect the book's HOTU on the screen. The adaptation has taken too many detours and shortcuts for it to make sense to the non-book reader. I was fine with the GOT version -- although I wonder if the dragon fire trick will be used again when Dany accepts the tokar next season. It kind of loses its impact when used twice.
					
					
							Edited by Fossoway, 04 June 2012 - 11:54 AM.
1074	Faint	2012-06-04	Here's the strange thing about the burned out throne room covered in snow . . . I actually imagined something like that happening even before watching this episode. I've had this imagery in mind for a while now; the Red Keep damaged in a battle involving dragons (with Aegon and Daenerys squaring off), holes in the roof, snow falling into the throne room and dragons poking in their heads as Daenerys holds court, etc.
Then, to see that image visualized on-screen in a way, it was really strange. I started thinking: "Wow, maybe I wasn't far off."
1075	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	This 'interpretation of Pyat Pree's Evil DoppelgA¤ngerhouse' just gave us stuff we did not need.
1. Two visions completely redundant. Drogo and Rhaego are dead and burned. They won't come back. What was the empty throne room supposed to mean?
2. There were no Undying Ones within Pyat Pree's Evil DoppelgA¤ngerhouse.
3. The whole point of the House of the Undying were the visions. So why give us a twisted version of it instead of cutting it completely.
4. The whole point of Qarth was the House of the Undying. They would have better cut this twisted version of Qarth and invented something completely new.
1076	K.C.	2012-06-04	The more I think about it, the more I warm up to the way they did the House of the Undying. Someone pointed out they subtlely worked the "song of ice and fire" line into the King's Landing scene, and shouldn't we be happy that we got a new prophecy? That had to have the GRRM seal of approval.
I can't help but wonder how people would be reacting if GRRM had written this episode rather than the last one. No doubt they'll insist it would have been better. Still. In any case, my inner nerd will forever insist that the blue rose would have been in there if he'd written it.
1077	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	and what gives you the impression that the storytelling of D&D will live up to that?It may or may not.  Personally, I see the series as being at all the right plot points as it ended, so I assume that pattern will continue.  There also has been a pattern of some lines being spoken by different characters than in the books, which is not uncommon in adaptations.But you certainly can't conclude objectively that it won't, which is why I objected to someone say that you "cannot deny" that they "completely fucked" it.  Of course you can.  That's opinion, not undeniable fact.
1078	KayteStone	2012-06-04	Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but I figured I'd check the boards to see if anyone else noticed this: about 44 minutes in, when Dany first enters the Throne Room, the camera pans behind her and we see a stained glass window with something BLUE (possibly floral? Can't make it out) in the center and we see her torch burning beneath it. Initially I thought this was purely coincidental, but as we pan around and see the rest of the Throne Room, the other windows have been blasted out. So I'm thinking we readers did get a wink here, albeit a very subtle one. Anyone else notice this or have any thoughts on it?
1079	houseHB	2012-06-04	Did the snow in the throne room represent Jon Snow becoming king? Or was it ashes?
1080	kevinbgwrites	2012-06-04	I was content with the HOTU itself, but the burning of the warlock was rushed and clunky, as was the chains just burning off/her being able to get out not to mention Pyat Pree's idiocy/quick death... In general it was an inevitably weird scene that they handled as best they could. I honestly liked the imagery of the iron throne, wall, and khal with rhaego quite a lot.
Did we really expect rhaegar and his harp? Or an obvious spoiler of a guy with a wolfs head sewn on at a wedding.
I may be in the minority but now that all is done, I think HBO did the best they could with the source material. The same cannot be said for Jon
It was weird that they got Jason Momoa to play Rhaegar Targaryen.
					
					
							Edited by kevinbgwrites, 04 June 2012 - 12:55 PM.
1081	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	Did the snow in the throne room represent Jon Snow becoming king? Or was it ashes?It was snow, I think... I guess it did, or at least winter coming to King's Landing when it's sacked. I loved that scene.
1082	Reposado	2012-06-04	i wasn't expecting all the propechies. but we could have gotten, he is the pwp and his is the song of ice and fire. it could have even been pyat pree saying it.
so the point of the whole qarth storyline was...... what?  doreah and other unnamed members of the khalasar die.  the dragons learned fire attack. way too much happened for the city of qarth without gaining an understanding of the city at all. nothing happened for daeny at all.
i now 100% believe they should landed daeny in westeros instead of stannis this season
1083	Triskan	2012-06-04	I have two questions that I really ought to know the answers so, but I don't.
1 - Can someone remind me of the significance of the blue rose in the books?
2 - Have we been told whether George told D&D the main thrust of how things end and can thus glean things about the books from what we were shown here?
1084	Djinn	2012-06-04	If the HotU scene wasn't a vehicle for the prophecies, why bother with it at all? Some argue that blue flower's and cloth dragons would only make sense to book readers.  But three betrayals influences her behaviour for the future, and if you aren't aware of R+L=J then snow on the throneroom doesn't make sense to tv viewers either. As for the budget reasoning, a disembodied voice is more expensive that creating the tent with Momoa and the child? Why not skip the HotU alltogether, and have Quaithe deliver the omens in some other time? It is fitting that a poor season would have a poor finale.
1085	Greyscale Dragon	2012-06-04	Hiya. First-time poster here. I admit to not having read every single post in the E10 threads, so my apologies in advance if this has been brought up elsewhere, but...Are we sure that was snow in the throne room scene at the HOTU? It looked like it could've been ashes. It was gray, and the way it lingered in the air was different than the snow blowing in the following scene at the Wall (in which Dany noticeably shivers from the cold). My first thought was that it was snow and represented the future ("winter has come," and all the symbolic implications of "Snow"), but if this vision is more in keeping with ACOK, it might've been the past -- King Aerys's "Let him be the king of ashes." (minus Aerys & Rossart, but maybe this is the post-wildfire aftermath Jaime describes in ASOS?). Someone else mentioned that there's a skeleton, too, which lends itself to whole "charred bones and ash" thing with the Mad King.Anyway, it seems like lots of folks are interpreting all of the TV HOTU scenes as prophesies for the future. I saw them more as what has been (Aerys's reign), what is (Mance's tent north of the Wall), and what may/never be (Drogo's return). That would've been more in the spirit of the actual HOTU from the book (unlike 90% of what we actually saw. Seriously, would it've killed them to stick a blue flower in that ice? Something? Anything?).Or maybe it was just snow and I'm completely off my tits. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Edited to add: Whoa ... great minds think alike, houseHB. LOL!
					
					
							Edited by Greyscale Dragon, 04 June 2012 - 01:05 PM.
1086	FrozenFire3	2012-06-04	I can't have been the only one that was pissed off about how the sequence of events unfolded at the House of the Undying in Quarth.Besides the image of the Wall and the Iron Throne, did they even allude to the other prophecies/images presented in the book? I don't think they did but I'll have to re-watch the episode again.No. Just no. I would have liked the episode otherwise but I was still seething about the House of Undying or the lack thereof until the end of the episode.I absolutely agree with you. The episode was good with powerful and emotional moments. The actors were very good too... but what about the most important parts? I mean Daenerys' visions... they dodn't make sense, they don't hint to her future.
1087	Braavosi Sealady	2012-06-04	Hi, 1st post /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I actually liked it because I wasn't expecting anything. After the changes made this season, I expected them to totaly butch this one (like they did with Jon's arch). They didn't imo. As a book fan, yes it was a letdown (especially because HoTU chapter is the only Dany's chapter I liked in the books). But I believe it worked well for tv... Love the iron throne room burned and covered in snow/ashes, the wall was cool too (definitely, Winter is coming!). Didn't particulary liked the Drogo/Rhaego scene, boring...
Imo, showing the RW would be a major sopiler, Rhaegar's could be there and so the blue rose (KateStone, I went to see that scene again and you're right. All the windows are destroyed, except the one with a blue glass in a kind of floral arranjement), but I belive that it wouldn't worked as we didn't have any previous references to R+L.The profecies can be had later by Qaithe, and maybe after Barristan's talk with her about Rhaegar's she will dream about it or something...
It was poor but not that bad, imo...
ETA: Greyscale Dragon, interesting thoughts. You made me look at the whole thing in a different way...
					
					
							Edited by Braavosi Sealady, 04 June 2012 - 01:08 PM.
1088	FrozenFire3	2012-06-04	Hiya. First-time poster here. I admit to not having read every single post in the E10 threads, so my apologies in advance if this has been brought up elsewhere, but...Are we sure that was snow in the throne room scene at the HOTU? It looked like it could've been ashes. It was gray, and the way it lingered in the air was different than the snow blowing in the following scene at the Wall (in which Dany noticeably shivers from the cold). My first thought was that it was snow and represented the future ("winter has come," and all the symbolic implications of "Snow"), but if this vision is more in keeping with ACOK, it might've been the past -- King Aerys's "Let him be the king of ashes." (minus Aerys & Rossart, but maybe this is the post-wildfire aftermath Jaime describes in ASOS?). Someone else mentioned that there's a skeleton, too, which lends itself to whole "charred bones and ash" thing with the Mad King.Anyway, it seems like lots of folks are interpreting all of the TV HOTU scenes as prophesies for the future. I saw them more as what has been (Aerys's reign), what is (Mance's tent north of the Wall), and what may/never be (Drogo's return). That would've been more in the spirit of the actual HOTU from the book (unlike 90% of what we actually saw. Seriously, would it've killed them to stick a blue flower in that ice? Something? Anything?).Or maybe it was just snow and I'm completely off my tits. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Hey! First time poster too /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Very interesting theory... I hadn't thought about it. When I saw the throne room scene I thought that might have been a vision of a possible future where the others destroyed everything. But the snow definetely looks different and Dany only shivers in the following visions. There might be some truth there /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1089	King Above the Wall	2012-06-04	I'm pretty sure its actually just snow, if you watch the interactive features on hbogo, the director says that they had to put snow in the throne room.
And I agree that the window is important, as it looks like its a blue rose in the center of a red star which could refer to AAR
1090	AelinorTarg	2012-06-04	I seriously abstain from a tourette-cursing-crysis like there's no tomorrow about the Dany arc,but I can only wonder.....if they used the dracarys thing this season,how the bloody f%@k will they pull out the Astapori burning-of-the-slavers scene next season? It will look so repetitive,most all-movie fans will throw horse dung at D&D
1091	Faint	2012-06-04	1 - Can someone remind me of the significance of the blue rose in the books?Basically, blue rose = Lyanna Stark.2 - Have we been told whether George told D&D the main thrust of how things end and can thus glean things about the books from what we were shown here?From what I understand, he has. They also know who Jon's parents were.
1092	Triskan	2012-06-04	From what I understand, he has. They also know who Jon's parents were.If that is the case, it makes people complaining too much seem way premature to me.  Knowing this, at least for now, it just makes me really intrigued as to why they are choosing to do things the way that they are.  Curious...
1093	matchesmalone	2012-06-04	Yet another first timer ... At first I was bummed that they left out so many of the visions, but all of this discussion about the visions they did show has got me a bit more excited. There might be some foreshadowing that we hadn't been exposed to before?
The one part I didn't like is that I'm wondering if they are going to omit the part where she uses her dragon to burn the guy selling her Unsullied. Now that she's already used that trick, will they basically have a repeat of the exact same thing with a different person? It would really suck if she just goes and buys the Unsullied with Xaro's stolen flatware and whatnot!
1094	erolyn	2012-06-04	I really could have forgiven everything else if they'd just thrown in that one ten-second line:
"Three betrayals you will know..."
1095	ViennaGirl	2012-06-04	I haven't gone back and re-watched the episode yet, but I thought snow/Snow in the throne room was kind of a huge hint, as was Dany going beyond the Wall. I've had moments where I thought Dany's arc was going to be - rightful queen hangs out in the south, frees slaves, decides she's actually more at home there, stays and rules in the south, recognizes that sometimes you don't get what you think you deserve, but you can do great things anyway. That doesn't fit the fantasy trope of Gorgeous Sexy Dragon Queen Saves Westeros, which is fine by me.
I think snow in the throne room means Snow in the throne room. Not sure how I feel about that. Jon is my favorite character, but I don't want to see him abandon his vows (and yeah, maybe he's "dead" and is released). I'd rather see him as king in the north if he has to leave the NW.
I guess maybe I'd interpret Dany finding Drogo beyond the Wall means she'll find love? Or death? I'm not a Jon/Dany shipper, so I hope it's not love, unless maybe with Dolorous Edd.
1096	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-04	I took from the Dany/Drogo scene that theories are correct and Drogo will return to Dany in the afterlife. She will have to die to see him again.
1097	PuckTFD	2012-06-04	In my opinion, the House of the Undying scene was pretty great. Once you set aside your prejudice from having read the book scene and stop tearing your hair out for it being different, you can realize this. There weren't any prophecies, sure, but there was still heavy foreshadowing. I mean, the Red Keep being burned by Fire and it, and the Iron Throne, being covered in Snow, as well as a trip to the Wall? Fantastic. And really, a blue rose wouldn't mean anything on the show. No blue roses showed up in the first season, and without Ned Stark's inner dialogues from the first book, there haven't been any hints at R+L=J. It'd be a good nod to the readers, but it's unnecessary. I'm sure the writers have something planned for R+L=J, if it's actually true, and I also bet they'll add in the prophecies at some point. They went to the trouble of establishing Quaithe as a mysterious and prophetic character, so I'm guessing she's going to show up again and might dispense out some prophecies.
Also, the Khal Drogo scene was more potent in the series than a Rhaegar + Ellia scene would have been. First of all, they'd have had to get two actors for them and drain the limited budget a bit more. And they would've actually had to explain who Rhaegar and Ellia were for those who didn't read the book, only to lead up to, what? "His is the Song of Ice and Fire."? It wouldn't even be a title drop, since the series is called A Game of Thrones. I talked to someone who doesn't read the books who watches and she absolutely loved seeing Drogo again, especially with an utterly adorable Rhaego. The scene was fantastic and just the kind of emotional and character/acting-driven scene that works in a television series like this. It conveyed Dany's whole "If I look back I am lost." attitude perfectly and showed off Jason Momoa's acting skills once more.
1098	Samalander	2012-06-04	Did the snow in the throne room represent Jon Snow becoming king? Or was it ashes?First time I saw it, I thought it was ashes. On rewatch, It was probably snow. That looks like ashes.A subtelty that the showrunners probably did not intend, but that gives the whole thing quite a deep double-meaning.Basically, blue rose = Lyanna Stark.The glass window in the vision was the regular symbol of the seven, with a blue center. Was the blue allusion intended?
1099	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	The thing that worries me the most about Jon Snow becoming a king (of which we are getting more and more clues), is Kit Harington's ability to play one. I really, really hope there's more to Kit than his tortured eyes (and I love Jon to bits), like, being all self-confident and shit.
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 04 June 2012 - 03:09 PM.
1100	insertname	2012-06-04	Meh, I don't trust D&D enough to actually take hints for books 6&7. Yeah, they might have hinted to Jon on the throne...but they also might just have hinted to "winter is coming", or a bunch of other possibilites. I'd rather read too few than too much into this.
1101	Lord Roivas	2012-06-04	I have to admit I didn't have too much of a problem with the HOTU scene. 
The only thing I would have changed was when Dany walks up to the throne and seemingly touches it, that's where they should have had her pick up the blue flower.
I suppose I'm in the minority here but with them showing the Throne room in snow and ruins I took that as them showing what the next long night would look like, when the others bring the war to the south. Especially considering after this is the scene where Sam sees the undead army.
1102	Direwolf Lager	2012-06-04	starting with the good points: enjoyed the scene of the throne room in King's Landing but wish they would'v. e shown a better view of Daenerys looking/touching the iron throne, the dragonfire was badass
bad points: mushy/cheesy khal drogo scene, no rhaegar playing his harp and speaking of the prince that was promised, no prophecies (3 heads of the dragon, betrayal for gold, love and etc.)
i understand it has to be made so nonreaders will be able to understand it, but i feel like the prophecies are just so important to the rest of daenerys' story arc im not sure how they could just leave it out. also i hope quaithe makes her statement "to go west u must go east" bit early in 3rd season and along with the appearances of "arstan whitebeard" and strong belwas
1103	KC_Accidental	2012-06-04	I knew it would be difficult to do this scene and wasn't expecting most of the prophecies. I was however expecting at least Rhaegar and the Mad King. Very disappointed in it. Like others I'm also worried that we've seen a glimpse at something to happen in future books. As soon as Dany entered the throne room and I realised there would be no Mad King and that the place was a snowy ruin I said "oh no..." to myself. The roof has clearly been destroyed by dragons and with the snow it seems to indicate that Kings Landing has been destroyed and abandoned with winter and/or White Walkers taking over. The Drogo thing also has me thinking that he will return. BUT HOW?! I don't like this one bit.
There's also the matter of the unbelievable stupidity in Pyat Pree's plan. I kinda liked how they gave him a better reason to 'have a go' at Dany but if he got burnt to a crisp by baby dragons how did he expect to keep fully grown or even stunted growth adult dragons without a fire hazard of some sort?! Idiot.
1104	Prince of Braavos	2012-06-04	I would have preferred such info come from the author not from the TV show.I completely see what you're saying and agree to a certain extent; I guess it's just a simple difference of opinion on how ok it is.That being said, this is a natural consequence of a TV adaptation being made of a still-in-progress book series when the showrunners know how the series ends.  If you want another example, look at the very first scene of the pilot and compare it to the book prologue.  In the book, the wildlings are scattered all over the place; on TV, they're in a weird and specific layout of a circle with a line down the middle.  Which is the same way all the O's in the show's logo are done.  And there's a scaled-up version of the logo with THREE lines down the middle of the O's instead of one.  And, if I'm not mistaken, the Valar Morghulis coin (at least the TV version, which HBOGO showed in close up as a special feature) has a line down the middle.  Nothing obvious, but I'd say this all connects the larger ice-and-fire mythology, the Others, the three riders, and possibly the FM.  And it has nothing to do with the books.
1105	Crannogwoman	2012-06-04	My initial reaction is anger, but I think I need to rewatch and see it for what it is. I view these episodes anticipating things that have happened in the books, and it's just so hard to keep that out when watching that I tend to nitpick over the minor and major.
But GRRM had to have given some sort of approval, right? As long as what's shown is consistent with the ending he will write, I'm a bit more accepting of it.
1106	boojam	2012-06-04	But GRRM had to have given some sort of approval, right? As long as what's shown is consistent with the ending he will write, I'm a bit more accepting of it.Well I don't know. George wrote E9 and consulted on adaptation there.He is listed in the credits.Yet , as far as I know , has yet to give an interview with his observations on Season 2.Does not talk much about it in his blog.I get the feeling he is not as engaged this year.
1107	nightwisp	2012-06-04	I was disappointed. Probably the first time in both seasons I was disappointed. But, I agree with the emphasis on Blackwater they did not have lots of extra resources to do all the "special effects" for the House of Undying scenes. Looking forward to next season already! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1108	Sanette	2012-06-04	The thing that worries me the most about Jon Snow becoming a king (of which we are getting more and more clues), is Kit Harington's ability to play one. I really, really hope there's more to Kit than his tortured eyes (and I love Jon to bits), like, being all self-confident and shit. I really don't want Jon on the throne... maybe beyond the Wall but not in the south. I'm sure Kit would be great, he plays angry Jon very well so "self-confident" shouldn't be a problem. The reason for him being all tortured and lost is because the writers are writing him like that. Jon from this season has very little in common with Book!Jon.
1109	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	Disliked.
1110	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2012-06-04	My biggest problem with the scene is just that I never felt Dany was ever in any danger!  It was just so bland.  In the books, she was helpless, she was dosed with hallucinatory drugs and actually seemed lost until she started burning stuff with her dragons...and they couldn't find a way for her to emerge from the burning building with her dragons and give her a real climax, another image that will drop Jorah to his knees?
1111	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-06-04	It was always clear to me that the book sequence was very unlikely to be seen on the show. All the ambiguity is lost if we see it through our own eyes and not through Dany describing it. Besides that it would have been quite a lot of work for them to recreate all the visions.
I think they did a good job with their budget. making the house creepy and all. It was a bit desolate and everything. But I guess that's true for the whole Qarth arc, they could've done quite a lot more (had they had more screen time...)
Although I gotta say the camera tricks were repeated a bit too often for me (After Dany walking around the tower, they do the same with Jaqen (not actually vanishing, but moving outside the camera range and then being gone)). Well...
Going back to my thoughts above, did anyone get the feeling that they could have set up a scene with Arstan/Selmy in Season 3? When she learns his real name (and I guess she will sooner, works better on tv), she can ask him about her father and oldest brother, and she can ask him about the visions in the rooms which happened between the scenes we had in this episode. Might be a good way of getting a bit of exposition rolling...
(sorry if I am repeating any point here...)
1112	Wolfmage	2012-06-04	HotU was pretty cool. I liked how they made the link between magic and the dragons such an explicit plot point. Quaithe makes such an observation about that street firemage and we know it's generally true across Westeros. So it makes total sense that Pyat Pree and the other Qarth Warlocks, having already felt their power suddenly grow manifold just by the presence of the dragons and Dany, now lust to keep her and the dragons as close as possible.
This takes something that was a background allusion in the books, (ie. the contrast from the initial dismissiveness towards the eccentric "palace of dust", and the evident powers in the HotU and other ominous lights post-HotU), and makes it explicit. Very clever.  
Didn't mind the lack of prophesies, though I wasn't sure whether we were meant to think the Iron Throne and Drogo were temptations in her path or simply illusory foreshadowing. At first I thought they might be traps.
That said, I thought Dany's "Drakaris" moment was a little underwhelming in the end. Would have liked it to be a might more forceful and perhaps see the Tower itself on fire, but I guess they are saving some of that kind of drama for Astapor.
					
					
							Edited by Wolfmage, 04 June 2012 - 09:19 PM.
1113	Arya Nymeria Stark	2012-06-04	1. In the book, someone gave her instructions... only take the first door to the right... for a staircase, only go up, not down.
2. They didn't even say anything about Rhaegar's son, Aegon!
Honestly, I thought the scene in the book was extremely important, but they made it so unimportant in the show!
1114	Hoya Karsa Orlong	2012-06-04	I like the TV HOTU prophecy/traps, but really did not like the burning at the end.  The tv show is cannon for the tv show and the books for the books, so i dont read too much into the visions.  Although the idea of dany coming from the north to burn KL with a white walker king jon certainly is interesting.   
My question was twice now the show has changed the maz prophecy/curse/creative way to say never.  In season 1 maz drops and when your womb quickens again and bear a living child.  Then in season 2 with drogo, dany also does not say that clause but then also replaces when seas run dry with when rivers run dry.  
Why make those changes?  This is the one prophecy we have heard twice on the show now, and one that been argubably fulfilled in the books end of dance (except for having kid).   They are very short lines, and add depth that she is barren but for her dragons.  I dont get the choice unless Grrm is offering some feedback or they are setting dany up to get knocked by the man with the golden grill.
1115	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-06-04	Ok everyone breathe for a second and stop getting your panties up in a bunch. Considering budget and time constraints, the show did a fine job of making something out of Dany's trip to the HotU. I read the second book after the first season was completed and I never expected them to be able to fully adapt it, so this wasn't a big letdown. If everyone could take a step back and actually look at this scene for what it was, it actually showed a lot of stuff.First off, notice the throne room's condition. The floor level is covered in snow and ICE while the roof looks to be burnt, as if by FIRE. Um hello? ICE and FIRE anyone?Second, the Iron Throne is covered in snow. Dany observes it, hears her dragons, then follows their cries to the next area which is... The Wall?! Hmmm the throne covered in snow and the scene immediately following that is at the wall. Jon Snow come to anyone's mind? Could be nothing, or could be something much more.As for the whole thing with the prophecies and betrayals. Someone mentioned this earlier but all of these can be easily explained or presented by someone else at a later time. Look at how the dragonglass was found. In the book Jon found it whereas in the show Sam discovered it. Different characters at different times, same results. No harm no foul. The betrayals not being included now doesn't mean it's written out of the show, it'll just come at a different time.Excellent post.
1116	Caris	2012-06-04	Hey, first post.
So, this was very different from what I expected--none of the stuff from the book was there! However, upon reflection, the version they went with makes a lot of sense for the show. Rather than presenting a string of things that are, frankly, unrelated to Dany personally, we are presented with the two things she probably thinks about most: the Iron Throne, which is what she's after, and her family, which is lost to her. While things like the RW and the blue rose are interesting and important and stuff for the readers, the visions in the book were brought on by the inherent magic of the setting and the special drink, and the Undying specifically offered her this kind of insight. In the show, she is there to get her dragons back, and the visions function almost as bait, or a way to catch her off-guard so she could be captured. 
With this purpose in mind, the snow and the wall are a bit baffling, being a pretty clear attempt at foreshadowing. So maybe I've got it all wrong. But I did do a small fangirl dance upon seeing the broken-up throne room full of snow, being rabidly pro-Jon.
1117	Zeroday22	2012-06-05	The throne is covered in snow. Anyone think that has something to do with jon snow? Then showing the wall in the next scene
1118	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	And who would understand that other than book redaers?I never understood this position.  If you look at other HBO shows, namely The Wire and Deadwood, there are some pretty dense story elements that are placed in those shows.  HBO presumably thinks their audience is smart.  Which is kind of disappointing that Game of Thrones is so mindful of not confusing people and being more "mainstream."  Just FYI; The Wire drops hints that have payoffs 3 to 4 seasons later.  That's quite deep for a 5 season show.  Putting in prophecies would have been fine, especially the Red Wedding.
1119	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	First off, notice the throne room's condition. The floor level is covered in snow and ICE while the roof looks to be burnt, as if by FIRE. Um hello? ICE and FIRE anyone?Second, the Iron Throne is covered in snow. Dany observes it, hears her dragons, then follows their cries to the next area which is... The Wall?! Hmmm the throne covered in snow and the scene immediately following that is at the wall. Jon Snow come to anyone's mind? Could be nothing, or could be something much more.That's pretty damn good.  A Song of Ice and Fire is hinted here in the throne room, with the Prince that was promised as a Stark.  Also potential allusion to R + L = J, and the theory that Jon and Dany will eventually join.  Still, no Red Wedding?  Why even leave that out unless they want to do that next season?  Personally, I would have done it here so it's faint in watchers' minds when the event comes.  Next season, it may be a little too fresh and obvious.
1120	EmmaG	2012-06-05	I suppose I'm in the minority here but with them showing the Throne room in snow and ruins I took that as them showing what the next long night would look like, when the others bring the war to the south. Especially considering after this is the scene where Sam sees the undead army.I am very pro-Jon and a believer in R+L=J, but I had a similar reaction - that the abandoned, neglected throne room indicated the irrelevance of the Iron Throne in the wake of the Others' invasion. I didn't take it as a sign of Jon on the throne, though I can certainly see why others have done so.
1121	VivaVictarion2	2012-06-05	I totally understand why some plot changes are made-Dany getting her children stolen, imo, was a pretty great way to spice up her CoK storyline. But I'm frankly disgusted at their failure to introduce the "three mounts/betrayls" into the HotU.
1122	libmanj	2012-06-05	I absolutely agree with you. The episode was good with powerful and emotional moments. The actors were very good too... but what about the most important parts? I mean Daenerys' visions... they dodn't make sense, they don't hint to her future.How do you know they don't relate to her future? We have two books to go, right?
1123	bent branch	2012-06-05	When I saw the scenes from the HotU, I was a little stunned. They so completely foreshadow what I have come to believe is Dany's probable story arc, that it was like getting a direct confirmation. I thought that they had made it too blatantly obvious what was going on with Dany. Then, I came on the forums. LOL Maybe the scenes weren't as blatantly obvious as I thought (or maybe I don't know as much as I think I do).
First I would like to suggest that the throne room was not burned out. It can be seen at a certain point that there are unmelted candles in a holder. Also, I don't think there are any obvious scorch marks. Instead of the throne room being burned out, I think it is a decaying ruin left after all life has been extinguished by winter. I think the symbolism of this part of the HotU is that, yes, Dany can go to King's Landing and yes, she can take the Iron Throne. However, the Iron Throne will be nothing more than a rusting relic in a crumbling ruin in a land that has been destroyed by winter.
The part where Dany walks out of the Wall gate and finds Drogo and Rhaego, says she can head north and she will find them there. I believe this means she will die. However, I feel no matter which path Dany chooses she will die. Going to the Wall and dying there will lead her to Drogo and Rhaego. Going to King's Landing will leave her with a rusting throne in an empty palace. (Maybe whatever the Others do to reanimate the dead leaves them unable to move on?)
I think Dany's story arc has been about making choices and the consequences that come from that. It is interesting to think about how much "free will" a person with a "destiny" can exhibit. Then again, I may be totally wrong. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1124	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	How do you know they don't relate to her future? We have two books to go, right?Yes, definetely :-) But I would have prefered for them to show the visions in the book.
1125	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but I figured I'd check the boards to see if anyone else noticed this: about 44 minutes in, when Dany first enters the Throne Room, the camera pans behind her and we see a stained glass window with something BLUE (possibly floral? Can't make it out) in the center and we see her torch burning beneath it. Initially I thought this was purely coincidental, but as we pan around and see the rest of the Throne Room, the other windows have been blasted out. So I'm thinking we readers did get a wink here, albeit a very subtle one. Anyone else notice this or have any thoughts on it?I thought the same when I re-watched the episode yesterday night. It's the only window in the throne room and there's a sort of blue flower? It may be a very subtle hint to the blue rose...
					
					
							Edited by FrozenFire3, 05 June 2012 - 04:31 AM.
1126	Indigo Snow	2012-06-05	Starting my first post here.
Overall, I was happy with what we did get, but sad over what we didn't. It was very cool to see Dany in the Throne room, and then at the wall. The imagery was new and stunning, and leaves much to think about (will have to watch again to go into details). But then, like it's been said above, since we're already at "the house of the undying (and calling it that)," WHY NOT give us a little more? If they didn't wanna spoil the future storylines, or introduce Raegar so early on, or hire a whole bunch of new actors, FINE, I get it! How hard is it to introduce a few more crazy symbols for people to obsess over (I also really wanted the blue rose)? Or keep the prophecies with voices? Or even just make up something else crazy and interesting?! Instead, she just walks around in empty rooms with no sense of urgency, no sense of danger (and the one purple warlock wasn't even all that scary), just... so empty...... What/who were the undying? What are they doing in this empty ass house? What did creepy warlock want to achieve by having Dany and her dragons there? Maybe there was something I missed?
While I do try my best to just enjoy the TV show as a TV show, what they showed just didn't seem to add much significance to Dany's story arc this season (maybe there's some foreshadowing for the far future), or make much sense... I think it couldn've been better if they actually sad down and made a clear definition on what EXACTLY "the house of the undying" means for the TV show, instead of doing something very vague and confusing.
Oh well, there goes my favourite Dany scene of the entire book series. I wonder how they're going to deal with Dany's storyline next season, now there's no prophecies. I understand the challenges they must face trying to adapt this scene, and appreciate their choice to do something entirely different. It just wasn't the most brilliant thing ever (like it was for me in the books). But then, not everything is. :/ I was already pleasantly surprised by the wonder that is Blackwater this season.
1127	Reposado	2012-06-05	But GRRM had to have given some sort of approval, right? As long as what's shown is consistent with the ending he will write, I'm a bit more accepting of it.no, he doesn't. he has no say over anything but the episode that he writes. and even that, they can change after he writes it.as for the prophecies, i think taking them out makes sense because they don't which they will be able to fulfill. the show may not have three mounts, three fires etc.but what would have been awesome, would have been to do the rhaegar scene as planned with a targed-up kit harrington playing him
1128	Independent George	2012-06-05	I guess I'm in the minority opinion, but I'm glad they cut the House of the Undying visions, and thought they got it just right. 
Some things work on paper that just don't fit a 60-minute television show - you can't take the entire sequence in isolation. It needs to fit the tone and themes in the rest of the episode. I think throwing a David Lynch acid trip in between the poignant moments we got would have been horrible television.
The three images we got were perfect: an ice-covered throne room in a ruined Red Keep, the wall in the midst of a blizzard, and the the life she had and lost. It ties Dany's journey in with Jon's and the War of the Five Kings and hauntingly foreshadows the coming apocalypse. It was beautiful, frightening, and sad all at the same time, which is exactly the right tone for this episode.
What did we really lose out on? A vision of Rhaegar & Elia, The Mad King, the Red Wedding, and the prophecy of threes. I think the last one is probably the most important of them, but even that's not necessary. Dany hasn't left port yet, and Quaithe is still lurking about; I'd actually prefer having the prophecy spoken aloud by a freaky masked woman to having it inside her head. Visions of the past would be nice, but don't move the story forward, and I assume the backstory will continue to be filled in as we go. The Red Wedding foreshadow was a great litle nugget for books separated by three years, but not necessary in a television show which will air in less than a year.
I loved that sequence. The two winter scenes hinted at so much visually without knocking you over the head with it. The scene with Drogo added the emotional weight to personalize the visions. It was perfect for the episode, and the series.
1129	Bride of Winter	2012-06-05	I'm not sure how comfortable I am with the new visions, if only for the fact that they simply give too much away. by simplifying things for the viewers (a burned throne room covered in snow - really?) they're hinting at an endgame that purposely wasn't yet really alluded to in the books. I don't like that. 
and that's assuming they ARE following GRRM's planned end game. if they're not, well, I'm done here.
1130	lojzelote	2012-06-05	Have I got a poor memory, or wasn't Mirri's 'curse' mentioned in GoT S1? It wasn't, was it? /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
1131	notakneeler	2012-06-05	I won't even adress the differences between book HOTU and show HOTU. 
As the apologists are constantly saying, this is an adaptation for TV. But even within that parameter, this was very poorly done.
The writers chose to show different visions. I will live with that. But they left out the fear of dany's being trapped in the tower if she opened the wrong door. In the show itnwas more like a liesurely stroll checking out the visions while following the sounds of the dragons. No urgency, no immediate danger, no physical threat to Dany such as in book HOTU.
 Where was the menace in the final scene with Pyat Pree? Only ONE undying warlock in that whole tower? He duplicated himself into 13 to kill the counsel. He appears and dissappears instantly in previous scenes. Here he just stands stock still in his single manifestation right in the path of the dragonflame, no dodging, no ambiguity as to which Pyat to burn. Dany shows no fear, even with the magical chains, because her option of getting the dragons to burn Pyat is idiotically easy. This one guy is standing stock still in front of her, even after the dragons puff of smoke, so dracarys. No challenge, no fear, no pay- off. And getting out of the tower is so easy, it is not even shown on screen. That invisible entry door is not even considered bybthe writers as a challenge so no shot of Dany and the dragons tumbling out of the door as the tower burns.
As visual story-telling, this is flat, without suspense or triumph.
The same flatness blankets the whole scene in xaro's bedroom. We are suddenly there. No battle of her miraculously rediscovered Khalasar to gain entry. Where were her people, that we saw massacred in the courtyard, hiding? The TV viewer has to ask themselves where did these guys come from. The Tv viewer has to ask themselves, how did they get in? Weren't there any guards? Nobody is bloody! Xaro is still sleeping, so no sounds of fighting.
At xaro's bedroom, in the after-math, Dany is cool as a cucumber. No reason for her to care about xaro's betrayal, theybhave no personal relationship. But her totally flat emotional reaction to DOreah's betrayal rings very false. She does not engage in any conversation with Doreah...no why's, no how could you's, no you leave me no choices, just shove her in the vault to die.
					
					
							Edited by notakneeler, 05 June 2012 - 12:20 PM.
1132	WhiteWalder	2012-06-05	I won't even adress the differences between book HOTU and show HOTU.As the apologists are constantly saying, this is an adaptation for TV. But even within that parameter, this was very poorly done.The writers chose to show different visions. I will live with that. But they left out the fear of dany's being trapped in the tower if she opened the wrong door. In the show itnwas more like a liesurely stroll checking out the visions while following the sounds of the dragons. No urgency, no immediate danger, no physical threat to Dany such as in book HOTU.Where was the menace in the final scene with Pyat Pree? Only ONE undying warlock in that whole tower? He duplicated himself into 13 to kill the counsel. He appears and dissappears instantly in previous scenes. Here he just stands stock still in his single manifestation right in the path of the dragonflame, no dodging, no ambiguity as to which Pyat to burn. Dany shows no fear, even with the magical chains, because her option of getting the dragons to burn Pyat is idiotically easy. This one guy is standing stock still in front of her, even after the dragons puff of smoke, so dracarys. No challenge, no fear, no pay- off. And getting out of the tower is so easy, it is not even shown on screen. That invisible entry door is not even considered bybthe writers as a challenge so no shot of Dany and the dragons tumbling out of the door as the tower burns.As visual story-telling, this is flat, without suspense or triumph.The same flatness blankets the whole scene in xaro's bedroom. We are suddenly there. No battle of her miraculously rediscovered Khalasar to gain entry. Where were her people, that we saw massacred in the courtyard, hiding? The TV viewer has to ask themselves where did these guys come from. The Tv viewer has to ask themselves, how did they get in? Weren't there any guards? Nobody is bloody! Xaro is still sleeping, so no sounds of fighting.At xaro's bedroom, in the after-math, Dany is cool as a cucumber. No reason for her to care about xaro's betrayal, theybhave no personal relationship. But her totally flat emotional reaction to DOreah's betrayal rings very false. She does not engage in any conversation with Doreah...no why's, no how could you's, no you leave me no choices, just shove her in the vault to die.I think the whole point of the scene was to show that Xaro was not all he seemed, like everything in Qarth.  Xaro would not have many guards because he could not afford them.  The city of Qarth (tv version) was like one big lie.  The "kings" are not rich and powerful as they would have you beleive, the house of the undying is one big fantasy world, and all the people were liars.(like when the trading kings said they did not want Dany to come into the city, although they were all interested enough to come out and greet her) The whole place was like one big metaphor for "not everything is at it seems."
1133	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	I think the RW foretelling would have been way too obvious and would ruin the moment for non-readers.
Disappointed not to see any old Targaryens, especially given that rumour about the Mad King scenes.
Thought what they did show was good for the show's version of Dany. How she couldn't even bring herself to touch an imagined throne, one way off in the future when winter has come to Kings Landing.
Hopefully her visit will jolt Dany out of her spoilt brat attitude of season 2. That and the new guidance of Arstan.
The "prophecy" I was always annoyed with in the book /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> But I suppose they could have Quaithe show up at some point and say it to her. Wouldn't put it past the show's writers to toy with that character.
1134	Hoya Karsa Orlong	2012-06-05	Have I got a poor memory, or wasn't Mirri's 'curse' mentioned in GoT S1? It wasn't, was it? /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />It was by MMD, but it left out the "when your womb quickens and you bear a living child".  why they changed it both seasons- I just dont know.  I dont have any great ideas.  And usually I have plenty of off the wall ideas
1135	Wyrd One	2012-06-05	What did creepy warlock want to achieve by having Dany and her dragons there?Well he says right in the episode that having the dragons around made their magic stronger, and having Dany near the dragons made them stronger.  So the warlocks planned to keep her and the dragons chained up in their house as a sort of magic maginifier for themselves.
1136	Wyrd One	2012-06-05	As a book reader I know that the HotU was full of prophecies and visions.
But watching the show I thought it almost seemed like a pair of trials she had to overcome.  Here are the 2 things in the world that you want, the Iron Throne and your lost love (with child).  Had she been a weaker soul she may have fallen for the illusions and become trapped in a false dream for the rest of time.  Instead she was strong enough to resist the temptations put before her and chose her children instead.
1137	Mista C	2012-06-05	^ THIS!!!
1138	Independent George	2012-06-05	^ THIS!!!^WHICH?
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 05 June 2012 - 03:13 PM.
1139	notakneeler	2012-06-05	this is a lovely take on what D&D chose to show us- BUT-
Dany might have stayed in the tent with Drogo and the baby- but there is noo way and no inducement to stay in the ruined throne room.
So- it could be your are correct that this waas D&D's version of tempatation- but it only half works.
1140	A Bear covered in Fluff	2012-06-05	Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but I figured I'd check the boards to see if anyone else noticed this: about 44 minutes in, when Dany first enters the Throne Room, the camera pans behind her and we see a stained glass window with something BLUE (possibly floral? Can't make it out) in the center and we see her torch burning beneath it. Initially I thought this was purely coincidental, but as we pan around and see the rest of the Throne Room, the other windows have been blasted out. So I'm thinking we readers did get a wink here, albeit a very subtle one. Anyone else notice this or have any thoughts on it?The seven pointed star of the seven the Andals brought to Westeros. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />maybe? probably coincidental but nice theory
1141	A Bear covered in Fluff	2012-06-05	Well he says right in the episode that having the dragons around made their magic stronger, and having Dany near the dragons made them stronger.  So the warlocks planned to keep her and the dragons chained up in their house as a sort of magic maginifier for themselves. Kind of like the philosopher's stone to the alchemists! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /nerd
1142	GoodGuyA	2012-06-05	The HotU did not need to conform to the same message of the books. All that was really necessary was to show the magic of the location and have Dany learn something strange and esoteric. People getting so incredibly pissed over it is truly annoying. There was a clear reason for its inclusion, not just something they wanted to change. I have a feeling that some revelations at the end of the series will differ from the books, so the build-ups will have to reflect that this is not exactly ASoIaF any more.
1143	Gabriela	2012-06-05	Ok, I get it's a TV show and it needs to be 'simpler' for the viewer in general, less 'implicit'. I like they added Drogo's scene (altough it felt more like a marketing move) BUT....
Couldn't they at least introduce SOME of the scenes from the book? At least it would leave the viewer wondering, asking questions...
But no, I guess we were left with Dany, the thief. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
At least she did something, finally.
1144	Lau-la Mora	2012-06-05	It was sooooo disappointing!!! I just felt frustrated for the rest of the chapter.
1145	Stark Winds	2012-06-05	This was the scene I was looking forward to most from CoK to be adapted into live action. I loved everything they put into the scene. Dany walking around the dilapidated Throne Room and walking away from the Wall was quite magical to watch. So was the scene with Drogo and the baby, showing her how her life could have been if Drogo lived. The scene also where her dragons took out everyone in the room while Dany stood there, shackled and defenseless yet still even more powerful than the Undying sent chills.
But alas....couldn't they have put a dead Frey holding a goblet in the background or something? Sigh...
1146	Zod	2012-06-05	One of the biggest letdowns of the season...I mean damn, who cares about some sappy romance with Drogo?  I was at least hoping he'd turn out to be some sort of trick.  I knew it was going to be bad.  And Dany going around stealing stuff in someone's house?  OK....also, I find it hard to believe she'd lock up Doreah in there...she is a whore, afterall. Doreah betrayed Danaerys by working with XXD to take her dragons.
1147	BigWilleyStyle	2012-06-05	Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but I figured I'd check the boards to see if anyone else noticed this: about 44 minutes in, when Dany first enters the Throne Room, the camera pans behind her and we see a stained glass window with something BLUE (possibly floral? Can't make it out) in the center and we see her torch burning beneath it. Initially I thought this was purely coincidental, but as we pan around and see the rest of the Throne Room, the other windows have been blasted out. So I'm thinking we readers did get a wink here, albeit a very subtle one. Anyone else notice this or have any thoughts on it?I'm surprised there are not more comments on this.   Here is what I see. A blue circular shape (could be a rose) surounded by a Red Sunburst pattern on a field of yellow. And then below it a set of green geometric shapes (vines?) rising up to the the Sunburst pattern.Very much we are supposed to see this window and make some kind of connection either now or later.  As a book reader I know that the HotU was full of prophecies and visions.But watching the show I thought it almost seemed like a pair of trials she had to overcome.  Here are the 2 things in the world that you want, the Iron Throne and your lost love (with child).  Had she been a weaker soul she may have fallen for the illusions and become trapped in a false dream for the rest of time.  Instead she was strong enough to resist the temptations put before her and chose her children instead.The first thing that came to my mind with Dany's visions was the scene in the Wheel of Time series when Nynaeve al'Meara had to take her Accepted test in the White Tower.  Just like Dany, she had to pass the challenge of her deepest fears (past/present/future) and instead continue forward "to the light" and the next vision.  Dany's scene was almost exactly how I had pictured that scene in my head.  I have to think the writer/director might have been influenced by Robert Jordan there.Ultimately I think the visions are prophecy of a sorts.  She will get close to the Iron throne, but never reach it. She will die beyond the wall and be reunited with her Husband and Son.
					
					
							Edited by BigWilleyStyle, 05 June 2012 - 11:19 PM.
1148	BigWilleyStyle	2012-06-05	Throne room windowhttp://s13.postimage...room_window.png
					
					
							Edited by BigWilleyStyle, 06 June 2012 - 11:49 AM.
1149	Zod	2012-06-05	This was the scene I was looking forward to most from CoK to be adapted into live action. I loved everything they put into the scene. Dany walking around the dilapidated Throne Room and walking away from the Wall was quite magical to watch. So was the scene with Drogo and the baby, showing her how her life could have been if Drogo lived. The scene also where her dragons took out everyone in the room while Dany stood there, shackled and defenseless yet still even more powerful than the Undying sent chills. But alas....couldn't they have put a dead Frey holding a goblet in the background or something? Sigh...No TV-viewer would have recognized the Frey nor be reminded of anything.
1150	Morrigan	2012-06-05	My expectations were so low that I did not think we'd see any prophecy or vision whatsoever. I was so disheartened by the butchering of Dany's storyline this season (seriously, it has almost nothing in common with the book story, even superficially, and it's significantly worse in every aspect!) that I half-expected her to just walk around in a labyrinth in some "find your dragons and you get to keep them, Khaleesi!" game. So I just enjoyed the visuals of the snowy throne room, and snorted at the sappy romantic OOC Drogo.That said, I am a bit baffled by one thing. They have hyped the House of the Undying for several episodes now, only to end with a dud (WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS, BITCHES! ...oh hey there they are, dracarys! kthxbai). But really, it's called the House of the Undying. Where were the actual Undying? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I do wonder though, if we should even bother analyzing the visions she did have. Was GRRM consulted? Did he suggest anything of the sorts as "filmable" alternatives to the visions from the books? Or did D&D come up with this based on what they know about how the story will end? Or did they just make shit up to look mysterious? Considering how badly they've mangled many storylines this season, I'm gonna go with the latter until I hear evidence for otherwise... but I just hope that those weren't book 6/7 spoilers. :|
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 05 June 2012 - 11:44 PM.
1151	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-06	What I don't understand is why any of you is surprised by HOTU.  Have you guys forgotten the 3-eye-crow dream of Bran? I expected them to do the HOTU exactly what they did to that dream.  So I actually came out it is pleasantly surprised that they did anything at all, instead of completely pretending it didn't exist.
I just don't know why any of you would expect HOTU to payoff went they've already established that visions/dreams will never be actually depicted on this series.
1152	dreamcatcher	2012-06-06	Throne room window[img]http://s13.postimage...room_window.png[/img]Just a window.http://static.tvfana...oom_518x306.jpg
1153	FrozenFire3	2012-06-06	Just a window.http://static.tvfana...oom_518x306.jpgI went looking for this photo this morning and found it. But what is its meaning? Was it just to remind viewers of the former throne room? Was it hinting/referring to the blue rose? I mean, why would they leave just that? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1154	FrozenFire3	2012-06-06	What I don't understand is why any of you is surprised by HOTU.  Have you guys forgotten the 3-eye-crow dream of Bran? I expected them to do the HOTU exactly what they did to that dream.  So I actually came out it is pleasantly surprised that they did anything at all, instead of completely pretending it didn't exist.I just don't know why any of you would expect HOTU to payoff went they've already established that visions/dreams will never be actually depicted on this series.I knew (although I still hoped...) they would not show the visions from the books. They have removed a lot of dreams/visions/prophecies which, in my humble opinion, are very, very important. But they seem to think the exact opposite.
1155	HouseLark	2012-06-06	While the complaints about the differences between book HotU and TV HotU are valid, I have a suspicion that a lot of it is more to do with the fact that many complainers just really really wanted to see Rhaegar depicted on screen...
For what it's worth, I liked the TV version. It demonstrated that prophecies are uncertain, open to interpretation and the future is shifting. This contrasts with the certainty of Melisandre's "visions" and also with Jojen's (I always hated how absolute his green dreams were in the books). What could Dany's visions portend? Quite a lot, but I have took the destroyed snowy throne room to be a warning to Dany: the Iron Throne may not be a prize worth pursuing.
Relatedly, I do think that the producers need to start seeding the R+L=J thing throughout the show. The mystery of Jon Snow's parentage is a nice one for fans to talk about but in the show there's absolutely no indication that he's anything other than Ned's son by an unnamed woman. The ambiguity of Jon's parents needs to be played up, if nothing it is a good promotional tool as it gives people something to go crazy about on Twitter etc. As I dais in another thread, they sent Dany on a vision to the Wall, would it have killed the writers to have a close up on a Blue Rose sprouting from it? Even if they didn't say anything more people could have been left wondering. Then next series Meera could have mentioned the Blue Roses Rhaegar gave to Lyanna at Harrenhall, and so the seeds have been sown for a recurring mystery!
1156	dab0neman	2012-06-06	Why all the love for Dany's Book 2 story line here?  The overwhelming opinion before the 2nd season of this show started was that her story was the *worst* in Book 2 with no plot other than wandering around the desert leading up to the HOTU.
I know, the TV show is not following the book and some things precious to us are getting axed but, a rewrite of Dany's arc is fine by me.  If it means that she becomes a powerful sorcerous (Take another look at how she breaks out of HOTU in the show again.  Her magic is awakening.)  or the dragons become far more important in season 3, so be it.
So, why of all the story arcs changed in the show is this one so bad?  I liked it all and can't wait for the Unsullied and Dany's reign of terror next season!  Now, if they change *that* I'll definitely be PO'd!!!!!
1157	Dornish Hen	2012-06-06	I, too was very disappointed by the HOTU scenes.  I thought it cold have been some pretty freaky stuff, but oh well...
My take on her visions were that these were both futures (not necessarily Dany's) that could have been.  With Drogo she saw what her future could have been as a happy family unit.  I thought the burned throne room represented what the future could have been had Aerys fulfilled his desire to burn King's Landing and everyone in it.  Why they were both covered in snow I couldn't say, but I'm liking the theory of snow representing Snow!
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Hen, 06 June 2012 - 04:19 PM.
1158	Sister Goldenhair	2012-06-06	I really didn't have that much of a problem with it. They extended the episode to 70 minutes as it was.I'm just stuck in a cycle of overanalyzing everything I saw in that scene. Wondering if there was any hidden significance where there probably isn't.I feel the same, perhaps the book's prophecies are red herrings at best.  Thought what was revealed was that the Dragons brought magic back into the world which seems to include the White Walkers.  Is Magic good or evil for humans?  Maybe the Dragons and the White Walkers are both magic and have to be destroyed by human-kind, one may have brought the other and did something precipitate the dragons hatching.
1159	Jefimija	2012-06-08	I think it`s better to channel all the nerdrage toward hope that David and Dan hinted what`s going to happen in the end. I liked the scene in the ruined throne room. The very building looked beautiful, like a sign what happens when people are too occupied with struggle for power and forget about a common threat. Makes you wonder what happened with the ones that we have seen there at the beginning of the same episode; how they died during Long night, or how they`re hiding somewher- under the snow /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Scene with Drogo and Rhaego was cheesy. I'm not entirely sure what was the purpose of it (was it a sign that Dany will die beyond the wall and join Drogo and their son?) but to me it was overly pathetic and was added only because most of the audience, judging by the tumblr posts, really missed Khal Drogo.
1160	baxter	2012-06-10	While the complaints about the differences between book HotU and TV HotU are valid, I have a suspicion that a lot of it is more to do with the fact that many complainers just really really wanted to see Rhaegar depicted on screen...For what it's worth, I liked the TV version. It demonstrated that prophecies are uncertain, open to interpretation and the future is shifting. This contrasts with the certainty of Melisandre's "visions" and also with Jojen's (I always hated how absolute his green dreams were in the books). What could Dany's visions portend? Quite a lot, but I have took the destroyed snowy throne room to be a warning to Dany: the Iron Throne may not be a prize worth pursuing.Relatedly, I do think that the producers need to start seeding the R+L=J thing throughout the show. The mystery of Jon Snow's parentage is a nice one for fans to talk about but in the show there's absolutely no indication that he's anything other than Ned's son by an unnamed woman. The ambiguity of Jon's parents needs to be played up, if nothing it is a good promotional tool as it gives people something to go crazy about on Twitter etc. As I dais in another thread, they sent Dany on a vision to the Wall, would it have killed the writers to have a close up on a Blue Rose sprouting from it? Even if they didn't say anything more people could have been left wondering. Then next series Meera could have mentioned the Blue Roses Rhaegar gave to Lyanna at Harrenhall, and so the seeds have been sown for a recurring mystery!If you look for it, it's there.  First off, they reference bastards a LOT in the show.  To me it's something they are building to a crescendo.  Look at the duel between Qhorin and Jon.  He calls out Ned and the whore mother.  Early on you have scene with Robert in front of Lyanna's grave, but a few episodes after, you have Osha and Bran in the crypts, and Bran describes his aunt's tomb saying that Lyanna was stolen by Rheagar and the whole war was because of Robert's love of her (when they had that scene I pretty much knew they were going to quietly lead his parentage in that direction - it was pointless to the plot at that point).  You have Jon being constantly ridiculed for being a bastard as everyone's immediate insult of him.  At some point a few episodes back, he screams at Ygritte that he is the son of Ned Stark.  The obscene hatred of Cat towards Jon, Luwin telling Osha they will only be safe with Jon, etc.  You'll have next season with Ramsay's entire bastard to Bolton line, building up to Robb naming Jon a true Stark despite Cat's protestations.  People will start hoping for Jon to be named a Stark because he's been dissed so much from the get go, but they'll start sprinkling in small references to the past, because when Robb is murdered everyone is going to lose hope for Jon being rewarded.  I suspect they'll do it, naturally, through Dany's storyline as she learns about the past of her brother through Barristan (also I chuckle about everyone freaking out about prophecies, Quaithe will probably be the medium as well as Dany's dreams).The prophecies in the House to me, were really well done after I viewed a second time, first off, the snow in the throne room can be read multiple ways, there is that random colored glass with a blue center (the only color in the entire room by the way), he walking out through the wall and past it, the baby not having blonde hair, leaving her love behind.  It would have been too obvious to bookreaders / completely confusing to non-book readers, to bring in Rheagar then, the RW, etc.  TV is about building up to penultimate episodes late in the season.  They foreshadow the shit out of the RW enough already with Robb/Cat dialogues. I figured out R+L=J in the first novel, it was super apparent to me (unless GRRM meant it to be), so I suspect he thought it would be wrapped up in his original trilogy so the payoff wouldn't take so long.  At this point I think George will try and delay it till the final book, but its pretty much obvious that Bran will probably find out early on in the next book as he nearly does in that weirwood scene.
1161	Nipz	2012-06-15	And who would understand that other than book redaers? I don't know, but they put the horse shit in and people complained about it not being in front of the throne, lol.  At the same time people are complaining that Bran wasn't in the basket on Hodor's back, like they think that Hodor is Hodor, and not some actor playing Hodor whom isn't 7 feet tall with the strength of 5 men, lol.I think with the blue lips and magic in the house of the undying the mystic-ness of a blue rose growing out of snow would have been acceptable.  Even a quick shot where Dany pricks her finger on a thorn (and shows a drop of "blood" lol) would have been cool.  I would have had Pyatt Pree saying the dragons are safe and with the undying, then giving her the shade of the evening, and instructing her to take only the right doors, and so on.
1162	bardgal	2012-06-16	-- although I wonder if the dragon fire trick will be used again when Dany accepts the tokar next season. It kind of loses its impact when used twice.Not if they're bigger.
1163	kephv	2012-06-16	Why all the love for Dany's Book 2 story line here?Why not? Is there a problem with loving Dany's ACoK storyline?The overwhelming opinion before the 2nd season of this show started was that her story was the *worst* in Book 2 I don't know where you get that.with no plot other than wandering around the desert leading up to the HOTU.Wrong. She didn't just show up there for no purpose. And she wandered around the desrert for half a chapter, so it's not like there was a lot of time wasted there.I know, the TV show is not following the book and some things precious to us are getting axed but, a rewrite of Dany's arc is fine by me.  If it means that she becomes a powerful sorcerous (Take another look at how she breaks out of HOTU in the show again.  Her magic is awakening.)  or the dragons become far more important in season 3, so be it.Dany didn't become a powerful sorcerous. Her dragons spit fire, which they were always going to do anyway.So, why of all the story arcs changed in the show is this one so bad?Yes. It was pretty bad. Would you honestly have rather read about this than what was in the books?
1164	wotad	2012-06-16	it was perfect you guys want to much me i love dany and only watch the show for her and i was happy with this
1165	WTFSalami	2012-06-24	Why all the love for Dany's Book 2 story line here?  The overwhelming opinion before the 2nd season of this show started was that her story was the *worst* in Book 2 with no plot other than wandering around the desert leading up to the HOTU.I know, the TV show is not following the book and some things precious to us are getting axed but, a rewrite of Dany's arc is fine by me.  If it means that she becomes a powerful sorcerous (Take another look at how she breaks out of HOTU in the show again.  Her magic is awakening.)  or the dragons become far more important in season 3, so be it.So, why of all the story arcs changed in the show is this one so bad?  I liked it all and can't wait for the Unsullied and Dany's reign of terror next season!  Now, if they change *that* I'll definitely be PO'd!!!!!The wasn't "her magic awakening" it was Pyat Pree's magic dying.
1166	boojam	2012-06-26	The wasn't "her magic awakening" it was Pyat Pree's magic dying.What a shaggy dog outcome, to die in the house of the undying!
1167	LostSoul	2012-06-29	Episode 10 just spoiled it for me because of the way they portrayed House of Undying as its the best chapter of the whole book for me, and ever since season 2 started I was really looking forward to see dany with her prophecies.
1168	I_am_the_Dragon	2012-07-07	I think people need to cut the producers some slack. I mean, there are budget and time restraints that I'm sure prevented them from getting everything they wanted in the scene. Plus most of the visions are not really that vital to the storyline and take away some of the element of surprise for future events. Why allude to the red wedding when you could just watch it unfold later on. I think they just didn't want any non-book readers to figure things out that are meant to be shocking when they happen. Point is, they are just unnecessary and would cost a lot of money to recreate. The only one I could see as being slightly more important is the Rhaegar/Elia/Aegon one, and that one would just confuse non-book readers since the show really doesn't really go into much detail about them.As for the three betrayals and such, I actually do think those are pretty important to storyline and should be included. However, those can easily be added in next season. So, I refuse to be annoyed by their absence until we see if they are brought up next season. Although, if season 3 rolls around and the three betrayals are not included, I will be really mad because of the part they play in Dany's treatment of Jorah. Without them Dany's decision will come off as being super harsh.
1169	Roose Seal	2012-08-14	Can someone clear this up for me?When Dany speaks to Drogo and recites Mirri's "prophecy" she goes : "Until the sun rises in the west and sets in the east. Until the rivers run dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves then you will return to me my sun and stars"Is it just me or does this sentence make no sense from a grammatical point of view ?Shouldn't it be :"Not until A, not until B, will you return to me"or"You won't return to me Until A, Until B" ?It sounds to me as though "You will return to me until the sun rises in the west" is really not the same thing as "You will return to me when the sun rises in the west"He can only return once but the use of "until" makes it sound like he'll return to her over and over again until the sun rises in the west, at which point he will stop returning.... which is the opposite of what the prophecy is supposed to say, isn't it ?Why didn't they just keep the original phrasing of "When A, when B, only then will he return"?
					
					
							Edited by The Lost Direwolf, 14 August 2012 - 05:45 AM.
1170	King Bobby B	2012-08-15	They can add the three Betrayals later via Quaithe. Seriously it's an adaptation, it has to be interesting for tv. Dany's Qarth storyline is a snooze fest in COK until the HOTU. Would I like the prophecies? Sure, but they can be added later. Plus we are 5 of 7 books in and none have happened.What do you mean, none have happened? What about the Red Wedding, or Dany riding through her slaves on her horse, or shadows dancing around in a tent and killing Renly?
1171	Adar	2012-09-30	I agree. I thought that was pretty cool, and it was also interesting how Dany walks up to the throne (in the snow) but never touches it. She walks outside and it is the wall, but .....but.... maybe I'm dumb, but I did NOT understand the purpose of Drogo and the son. What was that? I really don't get it.It made me cry. I thought it was a beautiful scene actually. People read books to stimulate their minds. People watch movies and tv to stimulate their emotions. *shrugs*
1172	Mumatil	2012-10-18	Honestly, I see alot of awesome scenes that don't make it to the how, of course i would destroy the budget, but I think this just proves point of instead of live action we should have done animation.
Draw as many motherfucking horses as you damn well please.
1173	seppuku	2012-10-29	IWhy all the love for Dany's Book 2 story line here?  The overwhelming opinion before the 2nd season of this show started was that her story was the *worst*Matter of opinion. And even it was true, the book is so good that her storyline being the weakest isn't a bad thing. Besides that, HOTU has the argument for *best* of book 2 and the show completely and utterly screwed it up. Badly.Your argument is terrible and makes no sense.I know, the TV show is not following the book and some things precious to us are getting axed but, a rewrite of Dany's arc is fine by me.  If it means that she becomes a powerful sorcerous (Take another look at how she breaks out of HOTU in the show again.  Her magic is awakening.)  or the dragons become far more important in season 3, so be it.Huh? Please make senseSo, why of all the story arcs changed in the show is this one so bad?Because it was out right terrible. Not sure whats hard to understand about that. Even ignoring the butchering of the book, it was extremely hacky writing.
					
					
							Edited by seppuku, 29 October 2012 - 05:04 AM.
1174	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-01-21	While I get and understand the NERD RAGE!!! associated with changes to storylines in the book, and I'm not going to pretend like the "Where are my dragons?!?" portion of the Qarth storyline went as well as it could have, I offer this challenge to you:  Given the amount of time spent on Dany from, say, "Garden of Bones" onwards, what would you change about the story?  Keep in mind that budget and time are a factor.  If you spend more time on the story, what do you remove from another storyline?  If you elaborate more on the HotU scene, how would you trim the budget elsewhere in the series to pay for it?
For me, I suppose that I'm good without the Undying Ones themselves and having Pyat Pree take their place.  Kind of like making Baelish the brothel owner in season 1, I think this simplifies things for a story that can only take up a fraction of the time in the season.  As much as I don't like cutting stuff like that, it keeps things simple and streamlined.  Likewise, I don't like how several unexpected people get killed off (Irri, Silver, Rakharo, etc.), but I like that it makes Dany feel alone and without options.  Similarly, I also kind of like how her relationship with Xaro and the "Spice King" is changed from the books because (1) it sort of consolidates the Thirteen, the Guild of Spicers, the Pureborn etc. and (2) I actually kind of liked how her bargaining scenes played out with Xaro and the Spice King.
Honestly, my only problems with it were that the whole "Where are my dragons?!?" bit was just childish and silly.  I wonder how much of a role that whole "kidnapped dragons" really needed to play in getting Dany to the HotU and eventually out of Qarth.  And then we get to the House of the Undying.  I agree that there should've been more here (if only because we missed out on some really trippy, avant garde kind of visuals that would be required to show some of this stuff without getting too spoiler-y), although I will concede that Quaithe can still help fill in some of these gaps as the series goes on.
My solution?  Simple:  End season 2 with either the dragon kidnapping (if that must be kept) or the murder of the 13 by Pyat and Xaro (I really do secretly like this change), and just devote more time to the House of Undying in the beginning of season 3.  I've never felt like Dany's story advances too far in the next three books.  There's a lot there that can be consolidated and moved around, especially since we really don't have to worry about her storyline crossing over with anyone elses for perhaps three more seasons (depending on how the books are adapted... I know the next two seasons will be ASoS, but who knows what they'll do with AFfC and ADoD).  So why not give ourselves a huge event in the beginning of the third season (otherwise, we're mostly left with the Night's Watch scandals north of The Wall and maybe a little bit of action in Robb Stark's camp, and most of the other big moments won't happen until the end of season 3 or season 4).  This gives us more time (and effects money, since with GoT's success, I'm sure their budget from HBO is getting bigger each year... for now) to devote to the HotU, and we can add a few more prophecy items, like the blue flower and Prince Rhaegar, etc.  In all honesty, I'm not sure why they wouldn't do that.  They already moved Arstan to not show up until season 3.
Of course, the other side of the token might be that prophesies don't work as well on TV as they do on the written page, and maybe all of our nerd rage is over something that non-readers just wouldn't respond to and the flow of the TV series would suffer for it.
					
					
							Edited by ExileOnDaytonStreet, 21 January 2013 - 06:24 PM.
1175	Im With Stannis	2013-02-05	I think people need to cut the producers some slack. I mean, there are budget and time restraints that I'm sure prevented them from getting everything they wanted in the scene. Plus most of the visions are not really that vital to the storyline and take away some of the element of surprise for future events. Why allude to the red wedding when you could just watch it unfold later on. I think they just didn't want any non-book readers to figure things out that are meant to be shocking when they happen. Point is, they are just unnecessary and would cost a lot of money to recreate. The only one I could see as being slightly more important is the Rhaegar/Elia/Aegon one, and that one would just confuse non-book readers since the show really doesn't really go into much detail about them.As for the three betrayals and such, I actually do think those are pretty important to storyline and should be included. However, those can easily be added in next season. So, I refuse to be annoyed by their absence until we see if they are brought up next season. Although, if season 3 rolls around and the three betrayals are not included, I will be really mad because of the part they play in Dany's treatment of Jorah. Without them Dany's decision will come off as being super harsh.Yeah, they really need to fit in Aegon and Rheagar background somewhere before he shows up suddenly in ADWD. I don't see how they could have this character suddenly appear, and the audience is going to know who that is. They have to elaborate on this story within the next 2 seasons, whether its a dream sequence Dany has or whatever. Looking back, I'm not all that disappointed in the shows HOU. I for one thought the scene b/t Drogo and Rheago was moving.  The throne room scene gives a lot away to the viewers and readers- looks like the White Walkers will reach Kings Landing, at least.  And re-watching the episode again, I think even bigger foreshadowing is given to us from the Stannis scene happening shortly after (Stannis sits on the throne, somehow, someway). I also think tv-only fans have the memory of a cat.  Everyone I talked to that watched the show but not read the books never remember how Robert got in power in the first place, or why. Most of them are so caught up in Ned's death and Bran's crippling they are missing the bigger picture. To some extent, I think it's intentional on D&D's part, but as new characters come, they will have to fill in the blanks at some point.
1176	Myles	2013-02-09	Since we didn't see the book version of what happened in the house of the undying,and we won't see any visualization of it any time soon- I had the need to make one!This video clip is made from illustrations published in the internet and the voice of Roy Dotrice from "A Clash of Kings" audio book.Hope you like it:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Th7Y90MZcjsI am still hoping to see the real thing one day...
1177	JaTyAdo	2013-02-09	They had the wall right there why the hell wouldn't they put a blue rose on it.Agreed!!! Man, how could HBO explains it if it actually turned out that R+L=J? Damn, they should start giving tidbits of clues about R+L=J... People won't get it if it was revealed... And the prophecies!!!! the one where it was mentioned.. "a song of ice and fire" and I sincerely hop[e they just put the step about the red wedding so when it happened.. the people are gonna be like... "woah so that's why she saw that" and the symbolism that GRRM used are fantastic.. I honestly want to see it on the show so people could actually interpret it... ARGHHH!!!!!!!!
1178	_Oberyn_	2013-02-10	Since we didn't see the book version of what happened in the house of the undying,and we won't see any visualization of it any time soon- I had the need to make one!This video clip is made from illustrations published in the internet and the voice of Roy Dotrice from "A Clash of Kings" audio book.Hope you like it:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=Th7Y90MZcjsI am still hoping to see the real thing one day...Very nice work.
1179	bardgal	2013-03-20	So....yeah. The first several times I watched this episode, I, like many, kept thinking of all the things missing, even though I know they weren't possible without being both massively spoilerish and completely confusing to non-book readers. Still I didn't realize how much I was allowing that to cloud my judgement, and blind me from what was right there on the screen.Then last night, after rewatching all of season 2 in prep for 3, and just to get my fix while these last two weeks crawl by, I finally just watched it, for it's own sake, just to enjoy the episode, and it hit me like a ton of bricks. We got a LOT of visions, and prophecies:KL is a burned-out ruin, along the lines of Harrenhall. (Dragons.)KL is a uselss husk and therefore, unimportant.(Jon) Snow on the Iron ThroneDany reaches for, but doesn't touch The Iron Throne - it will never be her's (directly), she has more important things to attend to (those she loves.)Dany must go beyond The Wall to find her Sun(Son)-and-Stars (Jon)Dany's Sun/Son-and-Stars is not dead, though many believe him to be. (Jon.) (Also she believes she is now unable to have a child.... but really can, as long as she finds Jon, north of The Wall.)Is that the state Dany will find Jon (the rightful heir to the the 7K) in when she arrives?"Until the Sun rises in the West, and sets in the East, until the rivers run dry, and the mountains blow like leaves in the wind...." kind of describes the frozen tundra of the north polar region (where every direction is south so east and west are wherever you really want them to be, the sun never sets or rises in summer, the rivers are dry with ice, and there is nothing but mountains of blowing snow.)I am now, more than ever, convinced that R+L = J, especially after reading that when D&D met GRRM the frist time, George asked them, "Who is Jon Snow's mother?" They answered, and George agreed to work with them.
1180	walket	2013-05-20	My biggest problem with taking out the three betrayals is it ruins Dany's character in the later books. No one will understand why she sends Jorah away, because the whole reason was that Dany thought it was a betrayal. It'll also mean that Dany won't have a reason to be as paranoid in later seasons. I actually liked how her paranoia borders on Targ insanity. She can't trust anyone because of the three treasons. Without the prophecies, the show can't portray that, and makes Dany a much more shallow character.
1181	Abyssalix	2013-05-27	i too was disappointed by the outcome of the house of the undying, but i think they did it because if they showed us the prophecies it would be too obvious later.
1182	Nedmight	2013-07-04	Did no one find it strange that the only warlock present was Pyat Pree? After she had killed him, surely the other warlocks would try to stop her or did they hide out of fear?
1183	lifefullofwords	2013-07-28	Other than cutting the three betrayals prophecy, which I will never understand, I have no issues with the changes they made to the House of the Undying sequence. But then again I'm not one of those people that holds the original text as some sacred document that is compromised by any kind of change. I think that adaptations where nothing changes lack imagination and are usually quite dull. So other than skipping a prophecy that seems quite important I actually like the changes D&D made. It's also important to keep in mind that since GoT is a TV show they are already doing a lot on a remarkably small budget (compared to movies anyway). There's no way the entire House of the Undying bit could be shot exactly as it was in the book given the financial constraints they're under.
1184	the_one_who_was_promised	2013-07-29	I was very disappointed with the House of Undying scene - but reading between the lines, the show version did contain its fair share of foreshadowing.
I've probably said this at least half a dozen times now on some other threads, but did anyone notice a blue rose enclosed within the emblem of the Seven Kingdoms in the throne room?
Along with the room besieged by snow and the wall outside, could this be a hint as to who might be heading for the Iron throne?
					
					
							Edited by the_one_who_was_promised, 29 July 2013 - 04:57 PM.
1185	the_one_who_was_promised	2013-07-29	My biggest problem with taking out the three betrayals is it ruins Dany's character in the later books. No one will understand why she sends Jorah away, because the whole reason was that Dany thought it was a betrayal. It'll also mean that Dany won't have a reason to be as paranoid in later seasons. I actually liked how her paranoia borders on Targ insanity. She can't trust anyone because of the three treasons. Without the prophecies, the show can't portray that, and makes Dany a much more shallow character.This, I agree with. They wouldn't have needed to show all the prophecies but they could have shown the three betrayals.The same goes for flashbacks of Rhaegar, Lyanna, Robert, Brandon and Rikkard. If Jon is ever revealed as the son of R+L, it might mean very little to the viewers now and the significance will be lost on many, because they haven't been provided with the backdrop to the events of Game of Thrones as the book readers have.
1186	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-08-01	So....yeah. The first several times I watched this episode, I, like many, kept thinking of all the things missing, even though I know they weren't possible without being both massively spoilerish and completely confusing to non-book readers. Still I didn't realize how much I was allowing that to cloud my judgement, and blind me from what was right there on the screen.Then last night, after rewatching all of season 2 in prep for 3, and just to get my fix while these last two weeks crawl by, I finally just watched it, for it's own sake, just to enjoy the episode, and it hit me like a ton of bricks. We got a LOT of visions, and prophecies:KL is a burned-out ruin, along the lines of Harrenhall. (Dragons.)KL is a uselss husk and therefore, unimportant.(Jon) Snow on the Iron ThroneDany reaches for, but doesn't touch The Iron Throne - it will never be her's (directly), she has more important things to attend to (those she loves.)Dany must go beyond The Wall to find her Sun(Son)-and-Stars (Jon)Dany's Sun/Son-and-Stars is not dead, though many believe him to be. (Jon.) (Also she believes she is now unable to have a child.... but really can, as long as she finds Jon, north of The Wall.)Is that the state Dany will find Jon (the rightful heir to the the 7K) in when she arrives?"Until the Sun rises in the West, and sets in the East, until the rivers run dry, and the mountains blow like leaves in the wind...." kind of describes the frozen tundra of the north polar region (where every direction is south so east and west are wherever you really want them to be, the sun never sets or rises in summer, the rivers are dry with ice, and there is nothing but mountains of blowing snow.)I am now, more than ever, convinced that R+L = J, especially after reading that when D&D met GRRM the frist time, George asked them, "Who is Jon Snow's mother?" They answered, and George agreed to work with them.Wonderful observations.
1187	TheReal_Rebel	2014-04-04	So....yeah. The first several times I watched this episode, I, like many, kept thinking of all the things missing, even though I know they weren't possible without being both massively spoilerish and completely confusing to non-book readers. Still I didn't realize how much I was allowing that to cloud my judgement, and blind me from what was right there on the screen.Then last night, after rewatching all of season 2 in prep for 3, and just to get my fix while these last two weeks crawl by, I finally just watched it, for it's own sake, just to enjoy the episode, and it hit me like a ton of bricks. We got a LOT of visions, and prophecies:KL is a burned-out ruin, along the lines of Harrenhall. (Dragons.)KL is a uselss husk and therefore, unimportant.(Jon) Snow on the Iron ThroneDany reaches for, but doesn't touch The Iron Throne - it will never be her's (directly), she has more important things to attend to (those she loves.)Dany must go beyond The Wall to find her Sun(Son)-and-Stars (Jon)Dany's Sun/Son-and-Stars is not dead, though many believe him to be. (Jon.) (Also she believes she is now unable to have a child.... but really can, as long as she finds Jon, north of The Wall.)Is that the state Dany will find Jon (the rightful heir to the the 7K) in when she arrives?"Until the Sun rises in the West, and sets in the East, until the rivers run dry, and the mountains blow like leaves in the wind...." kind of describes the frozen tundra of the north polar region (where every direction is south so east and west are wherever you really want them to be, the sun never sets or rises in summer, the rivers are dry with ice, and there is nothing but mountains of blowing snow.)I am now, more than ever, convinced that R+L = J, especially after reading that when D&D met GRRM the frist time, George asked them, "Who is Jon Snow's mother?" They answered, and George agreed to work with them.
I agree. Wonderful observations! Also apparently you are the only one who didn't whine about how a TV series is not like a book.
Thank you for discussing the thing I  most wanted to discuss --what the Throne Room scene portends. 
I'm still uncertain about the S1 Throne Room scene with Danearys.  
I know the ceiling was burnt, probably Dragon fire, and at first I took what was falling, and covering the throne, as white ash soot.  But looking at it again  it seems like snow.  Or a mixture of both.  
As you pointed out, Dani reaches to touch the iron Throne but she hears her Dragons and turns to leave while Snow remains falling on the it. So I think the show gave the hint.  But many may not want to take it
					
					
							Edited by TheReal_Rebel, 04 April 2014 - 12:37 AM.
1188	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-04	While I know Stannis choking Mel wasn't in the books. I have to say this was a change I really liked.
All throughout the books we see Mel pretty much leading Stannis around by a leash. It was really satisfying to see him get so pissed at her.
"Where is your god now? Will he save you?"
The way he chastises her about her comments on the war. The performance for Stannis just enhances the Stannis from the books.
Also, he fully acknoledges he murdered Renly.
Melisandre also seems a bit more manipulative with her magic, when she tells him to look into the fire.
Overall, Stannis has and always will be the best character.
1189	rebel	2012-06-04	Do you guys think he actually saw something in the fire, or was that just a Mel's trick?
1190	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	I have no problem with that choking scene. I'm much more irritated/afraid about the line considering Stannis sacrificing his family. This might to lead him intending to sacrifice Selyse and Shireen next season. Something he would never, ever considering if you ask me.
Stannis will eventually see something in the flames (a vision of the Night's Watch fighting off the Others at the Fist of the First Men), but as I see it he did not really see something this week. They would have shown it, if there had been something there, I guess.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 04 June 2012 - 12:46 PM.
1191	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	I have no problem with that choking scene. I'm much more irritated/afraid about the line considering Stannis sacrificing his family. This might to lead him intending to sacrifice Selyse and Shireen next season. Something he would never, ever considering if you ask me.Hope they won't replace Edric Storm with Shireen
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 12:54 PM.
1192	Jory	2012-06-04	I have no problem with that choking scene. I'm much more irritated/afraid about the line considering Stannis sacrificing his family. This might to lead him intending to sacrifice Selyse and Shireen next season. Something he would never, ever considering if you ask me.No, of course not. This is fan-fiction, though, so they'll do what they want, I'm sure.
1193	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-06-04	Do you guys think he actually saw something in the fire, or was that just a Mel's trick?Well if I believe Mel is not a fraud then I don't see how that could be a trick.
1194	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-06-04	Hobe they won't replace Edric Storm with ShireenThey just cast her, why would they do that?
1195	Kernest	2012-06-04	I absolutely loved that change. Stannis is the character I identify with in the books, despite being led on by Melissandre. The Stannis in the series, who sees religion more as a tool makes me like him even more.
1196	Artemis	2012-06-04	The choking scene was a little...over-the-top, shall I say? I understand he's frustrated and pissed off but Stannis, look, you're the one that decided to put your faith in a dodgy sorceress who had visions that ended up leading you to sacrifice thousands of your men at Blackwater. I love Stannis in the book but I was frowning throughout that whole scene on TV.
"The night is dark and full of terrors" was more like "the night is dark and full of strangles" in this episode's case.
1197	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	They just cast her, why would they do that?"Dramatic character arc", And why did they cast her anyway? They didn't need her in this season and what is she suppose to do in the next?
1198	Affcwasmyfavorite	2012-06-04	I Love the Book Stannis more than any character in the series, and honestly I've warmed up to this TV Stannis as well, but at the same time my non-book reading friends now think Stannis is evil, re-watching the entire season with them last night, I can see it, and it makes me sad.
1199	sumpthy	2012-06-04	I Love the Book Stannis more than any character in the series, and honestly I've warmed up to this TV Stannis as well, but at the same time my non-book reading friends now think Stannis is evil, re-watching the entire season with them last night, I can see it, and it makes me sad.It's the theme music. Stannis's theme is the most evil sounding thing on the show. It's more foreboding than what they played for the White Walkers or even the Greyjoys.Also I thought Stannis was totally evil until the end of ASoS anyway so it's not far wrong.
					
					
							Edited by sumpthy, 04 June 2012 - 01:04 PM.
1200	K.C.	2012-06-04	No, of course not. This is fan-fiction, though, so they'll do what they want, I'm sure.The snark was undercut by the use of a term GRRM views as favorably as the Hound enjoys singing Kumbaya around the bonfire. Ten points from Gryffindor.
1201	rebel	2012-06-04	Well if I believe Mel is not a fraud then I don't see how that could be a trick.I meant it as a trick to gain control over Stannis, like hypnosis, an illusion or something. As they have changed things I can understand how they wanted to reestablish Mels influence over Stannis after a major defeat...... or Stannis could've actually seen a real vision, like the battle between the Night's Watch vs others etc.
1202	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-06-04	"Dramatic character arc", And why did they cast her anyway? They didn't need her in this season and what is she suppose to do in the next?Well Edric Storm has been dropped...
1203	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	Also, he fully acknowledges he murdered Renly.That right there cinched it for me, show Stannis >>>> book Stannis.  I have always hated how book Stannis denied his part in Renly's death to Davos.  It just seemed so hypocritical, given the nonsense attitude he takes with other people..And of course show Stannis is a grammar Nazi who fights in the vanguard, is the first up the ladder and cuts off peoples heads...That's my kind of King!  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1204	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-06-04	I meant it as a trick to gain control over Stannis, like hypnosis, an illusion or something. As they have changed things I can understand how they wanted to reestablish Mels influence over Stannis after a major defeat...... or Stannis could've actually seen a real vision, like the battle between the Night's Watch vs others etc.I think she let him share a vision with her, does not have to be a trick, and I agree could have very well been the wall but I also reckon she might have showed him death of either Joff/Balon/Robb since it would make more sense following her earlier prediction.
1205	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	Stannis is really pissed off in this scene. He really did everything what Mel asked of him, and he still did not got what he wanted, so he has every reason to be angry. And Mel being subservient to him and not trying to fight for her life (she could have easily killed him then and there, from what was revealed in ADwD) just underlines that she really thinks he is R'hllor's chosen one.
Since we never got detailed day-to-day impressions of Stannis and Mel's relationship, we cannot say for sure what happened between them after Stannis rejoined Mel on Dragonstone. But I imagine something rough. Remember how Davos's life hung by a thread after the whole Edric Storm thing. Mel might have very well been in the same situation immediately after the Blackwater...
It would have been much more powerful, though, if Stannis had blamed for Davos's death as well. Something like 'I've lost my only friend because of your empty promises'.
The problem with Shireen as Stannis's possible sacrifice will be that 1. the whole Selyse is a Mel fan plot would have to go, and 2. Stannis would actually consider winning the future on the expense of the present. What's the point in becoming king if you kill your only daughter and heir to gain the throne you want?
But considering that there will be 20 episodes from here until the very end of ASoS (and possibly some chapters of AFfC/ADwD as well), there would be still time enough to add Edric Storm as well. Either as Stannis's ward on Dragonstone, or by giving us an interpretation of the Storm's End story from ACoK in next season. There would be time enough for Stannis to capture Storm's End and take Edric to Dragonstone. Especially since they introduced Salladhor Saan without using him throughout season 2. His forces might come into play when they attack Storm's End.
Especially if Robb and the Tullys end up causing some trouble for Tywin and the Tyrells during season 3 as well. The Red Wedding is not going to happen before episode 9 of season 3.
And technically the end of the sacrifice plot should be when Stannis departs for the Wall. Which can only be as early as about episodes 5/6 of season 4, if they don't deviate to much from the books.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 04 June 2012 - 01:10 PM.
1206	Djinn	2012-06-04	In my IMHO, that was pathetic. Stannis is supposed to represent determination(to the point of stuborness at times), having him mop around about Renly(someone that declared himself as a enemy of Stannis) is just absurd. Tv viewers will see Stannis from now on as a Villain, and that seem to be the intent of the Show producers. I personally don't really care about Stannis/Melisandre storyline from now on, they coulld just have died in Blackwater battle for all i care.
1207	Freyd Chicken	2012-06-04	From Mel's lines "you will betray the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear" I got the impression that Stannis eventually will become the Nights King leading the WW, considering D&D know about how the story is going to end.What do you think?
1208	sarah.jenice	2012-06-04	The first thing I thought was that the first thing Mel looks for in the flames are threats to her life and I kept waiting for her to show some power like saying that she had seen this in the flames and he wont kill her. 
I just really dont care for how they are being handled. The thing she said about him forsaking everything he once held dear makes him sound like a monster and I dont think Stannis has done that in the books. He's the only king who helps the Night's Watch and know about the Others.
They need to fix his portrayal.
1209	sumpthy	2012-06-04	In my IMHO, that was pathetic. Stannis is supposed to represent determination(to the point of stuborness at times), having him mop around about Renly(someone that declared himself as a enemy of Stannis) is just absurd.He moped about in Dragonstone for half of A Storm of Swords.
1210	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-04	I do worry about Mel's lines. With him betraying pretty much everything.
Stannis has always been my favorite contender for the Iron Throne.
I also hope the writers aren't spoiling things that will be coming in the future books.
1211	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	Well, Davos is going to come back. He will make sure that Stannis does the right thing in the end.
So this whole thing about him betraying everything might just be the same kind of crap as 'I'll give you a son'. I don't worry all that much about on that front. Stannis will go to the Wall and save the Night's Watch's ass. This is certainly not 'betraying everything you once hold dear'. Rather the opposite, actually...
But the idea that Shireen might end up becoming the would-be sacrifice still feels very wrong to me. It's good that she and Selyse will show up, but twisting the whole story will not do...
1212	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	It was harsh (choking her in itself was needlessly crude, in my opinion), but I appreciated this scene. It really showed Stannis lost to despair, with a hint of genuine guilt for what he did to Renly. And, more importantly, that what he did to Renly didn't matter. He completely failed in his attempt to take the throne.
1213	from the arbor	2012-06-04	idk but this cracked me up http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QyAm5Irqfuo
1214	HouseofStark	2012-06-04	i think i'm of the same mind as many people here. i enjoyed season 2, i thought it was fantastic tv, but one of my gripes has been the characterization of stannis. the show gives the impression that he's lusting after the iron throne and the books give the obverse view of it, in that he believes it is his duty to be king. there were some changes i liked, stannis going up the ladder and fighting was one, but overall i think this season didn't spend enough time with him and he came off looking like a villain.
now with melisandre, she's coming off as being a traditional witch that enchants the ruler of a realm, instead of religious fanatic who truely believes that stannis needs to be king. i can't remember the context, i can't remember which book, but there's a line she says that i think is very revealing about her true nature. in effect she says "do you think i would travel half way around the world to put another king on a throne?" obviously not verbatim, but i think that melisandre is the one that should be built up instead of the strictly manipulative one we've been given.
1215	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	I think people are reading too much in what Melisandre tells him by the window. As I see it, both the "sacrifice your family" and "betray everything you once held dear" lines mean the same: if he truly wants to reach his goal, he'll have to embrace whatever means present themselves. He'll have to sacrifice his morals, , and do what has to be done. That doesn't necessarily means he'll try to kill Shireen or Selyse; there are many ways one can betray their family, and he has already betrayed by killing with Renly. I think it just means he'll continue to betray his vows by and everything he once believed by lying with Melisandre for magical purposes (or not - D.B. Weiss has basically declared that he sees their relationship as something more humane and flawed than what we generally agree on - that Stannis' involvement with her isn't purely for pragmatic purposes, but also a way to seek comfort, and I must say I agree with him). Also, we can't be sure they won't include Edric Storm - and, well, he kind of is his family too, so...
It's interesting, this episode made me realize Stannis' relationship with Melisandre is one of the most tender this season. Which only confirms how problematic romances are in Westeros. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1216	Mulled Wino	2012-06-04	The first thing I thought was that the first thing Mel looks for in the flames are threats to her life and I kept waiting for her to show some power like saying that she had seen this in the flames and he wont kill her. I just really dont care for how they are being handled. The thing she said about him forsaking everything he once held dear makes him sound like a monster and I dont think Stannis has done that in the books. He's the only king who helps the Night's Watch and know about the Others.They need to fix his portrayal.I agree 100%.  I also came away with the impression of show Stannis being manipulated by Mel simply by takig advatage of his greed and lust for the Iron Throne.  I feel like they've borderline ruined Stannis.  I let it slide because they clearly want him to appear to be the villian so there's more shock value when he smashes the wildlings.I cannot let the Jon Snow plotline slide though from this season.  It was a total joke and shameful that the producers are that far off on his character.
1217	Kevin79	2012-06-04	Stannis doesn't do too much in book 3 and clearly the TV series needs to keep showing him to remind the audience that he is around. I have a feeling that a lot of the prophecy stuff that people are crying for will be included in his scenes next year. It makes perfect sense that they excluded it from the HOTU now, since they need to give Stannis and Mel something to do over the next few seasons before they go to the wall and that something will in part be discussing the prophecies more in depth I think. We got a taste of it in the finale with Stannis looking into the fire.
1218	Sr.DavosSeaworth	2012-06-04	See, I am not overly disturbed by the scene. Stannis has always been prepared to do whatever is necessary to take the Iron Throne. Not because he wants it, but because it is his duty. If he has to kill Renly (or Cortnay) or be the first off the boats on the Blackwater, or sacrifice Edric, he will do it. The lines about betraying everyone are reminding the audience of that. I think that there is not a great deal of difference between book Stannis and HBO Stannis.
1219	jons nissa	2012-06-04	i think i'm of the same mind as many people here. i enjoyed season 2, i thought it was fantastic tv, but one of my gripes has been the characterization of stannis. the show gives the impression that he's lusting after the iron throne and the books give the obverse view of it, in that he believes it is his duty to be king. there were some changes i liked, stannis going up the ladder and fighting was one, but overall i think this season didn't spend enough time with him and he came off looking like a villain.the thing is in the books we are usually getting davos' thoughts about stannis and well, davos is having a serious bromance with his king. i always read that stannis was willing to do anything and everything to get the throne but that he cannot admit to himself that he really just wants it. he's not a villian but he's not the hero he thinks he is. just another grey character. what we're seeing on the show are the things that happened off-screen in the books like how the shadow babies were created. davos wouldn't have seen that. i liked his anguish in the finale. it made him seem more human and again, i'm not sure he would have shown all that to davos.i do believe his portrayal will soften a bit once he decides to head for the wall.
1220	Mad Queen	2012-06-04	Stannis in the books whines too much and is a little pathetic. I like it that in the show that they've made him actually scary, especially when he is strangling Mel. Some of the changes were silly (Stannis in the vanguard without a helm), but I still enjoyed them. It really shows that Stannis is doing something, not just whining about what a bunch of traitors everybody except Davos is.
1221	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	Until the end of ASoS when he saved the Night's Watch, I loathed Stannis and thought him an evil, dark magic using kinslayer. I was rooting for Renly and really despised Stannis for killing him. It felt cheap and dirty. It really wasn't until ADWD that I started to warm up to him. 
The point is, I think many viewers of the show will go through this same evolution with Stannis as well. He *was* depicted as a sort of detestable character in ACoK and the majority of ASoS. I predict many show fans will hate him even more if they go through with the Edric Storm story arc. For him to allow Melisandre to sacrifice an innocent boy will be very damning for him. I hope they keep this because it's so important in showing how great of a man Davos is. Without Edric, Davos won't have much to do in S3.
1222	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	I am not too fond of show Stannis at this point.  The way I have always thought of the Baratheons is different kinds of metal.
Robert was bronze.  He was crude, he could open your belly as easily as any other metal, but he was maleable.
Renly was gold.  All flash and sparkles.  Looked great and all the ladies (and half the lads) wanted to wear him, but his greatest asset was just charm.
Stannis is iron.  He is unflinching, unyielding, and generally not so pretty to look at.  But when it really hits the fan, you want iron in your hand.
I am just not seeing the man who puts honor and justice above all else, especially his own feelings about the subject.  Throughout reading the books I have just never pictured Stannis as being one to lash out in petty, violent ways, especially while pleading for something at the same time, and especially especially not against a woman.
1223	Terilien	2012-06-05	Actually no. stannis was compared to Iron yes, but with the implication that iron, while hard, is also brittle, and breaks before it bends.
1224	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	Breaks before it bends, certainly.  Brittle?  Not even close.
1225	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-05	I enjoyed the scene for the same reason I enjoyed some of the added Theon scenes this season, such as him burning the letter to Robb. Their added insights into these characters, revealing parts of them we don't get to see in the books but expect to be there. We never get to see Stannis be conflicted about Melisandre, or see Theon conflicted about betraying Robb.
1226	Bambi	2012-06-05	I enjoyed the beginning of the scene and i hated the ending of it. Seriously, staring into the flames but not showing anything? It is teleVISION, if i wanted my mind to do the job instead of the shows visuality, i read the books... ok, budget, yeah i know, but it was purely done.
1227	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Breaks before it bends, certainly.  Brittle?  Not even close.That's how Donal Noye described the Baratheons in ACoK.Robert - the true steelStannis - iron, brittle, will break before he bendsRenly - copper, shiny and bright, not worth much at day's end.Also, I don't think Mel's "You will betray" lines makes Stannis seem more evil. If anything, it made him more pitiful. Here is a man who will suffer for what he believes is right. Strangely enough, I associated him with Theon, who is loved by no one for "doing his duty".
1228	Lady Meera Reed	2012-06-05	This scene really pissed me off. Davos was the one thinking about strangling Mel for his sons (ASoS). And Stannis has a LOT of flaws, but violence against women is not one of them. That is Robert's forte, not Stannis' (who's actually y'know....the guy who despised Robert's flaws).
1229	Ghost714	2012-06-05	I hated this scene. Stannis no matter how angry, I can not see strangling a woman. Everybody keeps saying Stannis deserved to be angry, "because Melisandre told him he would win if he listened to her, and it was all a lie". If that were the case, then it might justify Stannis's manhandling of Mel, but that was not the case. Stannis's defeat was his own fault, Melisandre had delivered on her part all the way up until Stannis left her behind at Dragonstone. She promised him victory if she was at his side, but that promise was moot the second he desided to leave her behind for his own pride, "because he did not want men to call it her victory". 
Then I hated the whole gazing into the fire crap. First off, it seemed incredibly cheap them looking into a little lamp, they should have gazed into a hearth fire, if anything. Secondly, they have been trying to make Stannis look like Melisandre's little puppet all season, making him look evil because she is evil. When in the books, neither of them are evil IMO, and Stannis was not Mel's puppet, they both used and played off of each other, not in a manipulative way. I know that's what we think at first in the books, but the show is being way to heavy handed with this(making them both look evil, and making Stannis dance for the "evil puppet master"). I am afraid that when they want to show these two characters as not being evil in the future, like they should, people won't buy it, because the show has made them "to evil". The "face turn" won't be believable. 
To me, the show made it seem like, "Stannis was breaking free of the evil witches hold, and then she reeled him back in, by making him stare into the entrancing fire". I really hope I am wrong, and I hope Stannis saw the Fist of the First Men, like in the books. I just have so much doubt because D&D really think Stannis is "bad", and it's been showing all season in their writing of Stannis IMO. Just like D&D have made Arya and Tyrion "to good", I can very easily see them continuing to make Stannis more "bad" than he is in the books, if you can even call what he does In the books "bad". I hope people get what I am saying
Last, but not least, I hated how they totally made Mel look like "the evil little demon standing on Stannis's shoulder, and whispering in to his ear". That's completely original D&D, you are so very clever!
1230	Lord Varys	2012-06-05	Stannis does not allow his men to rape women (and gelds them, if he catches them doing it) because it's against the law. This does not mean, however, that Stannis does not chastise the women of his household. But I don't see him using violence on them, although it's plain that he does not like them very much. But when he strangled Mel he was not so much into 'I like abusing women'-mode, but he was trying to make a philosophical point: 'Your god has no apparently no power at all, woman. Else I could not kill you right then and there.'
He only backs down when he realizes that Melisandre, and her belief that he is the Chosen One of her god, are still his only hope left to succeed.
Stannis is a pragmatist. Killing Mel then and there would have gained him nothing. With her there is still some small hope left that he is going to win.
1231	DornishREDhotmama	2012-06-05	i totally got the feeling that stannis saw that mel was carrying his son in her womb.  it's the look on his face and her face too.  i don't know where they would be going with this deviation though.
1232	Jory	2012-06-05	I don't know what gets me more upset - that Stannis has turned into unlikeable Robert 2.0 or that fans actually like that.
1233	Jessica Bendis	2012-06-05	i totally got the feeling that stannis saw that mel was carrying his son in her womb.  it's the look on his face and her face too.  i don't know where they would be going with this deviation though.I really REALLY hope this isn't the case.And I never actually understood the "I will give you a son" line. She is referring to the shadow baby? I still have no idea what Stannis would be thinking in that scene...--I'm still very upset about Stannis choking Melisandre. Stannis is not impulsive and violent. Nothing ever hinted that in the books. That is what Robert would do, not Stannis.The scene was very well acted, but they couldn't have deviated more from the book characters. Melisandre would never find herself in that situation (she survived drinking poison, only R'hllor knows how old and powerful she actually is and she glazes into the fire all the time. Come on!) and Stannis wouldn't atack anyone like this. He would be grinding his teeth and complaining in rage, perhaps, but not atacking someone else like this.And then, when I think the scene couldn't get any worse, Melisandre tells him he'll betray everything he cares about to get the iron throne and he is actually ok with this as long as gets the iron throne?? This is awful. Now he actually wants the throne and the power? And he doesn't care at all about what she just told him? Are they setting him up like some kind of villain? I don't know if this is the personal view of the producers/writers or if they know something about the future of the book series and are already hinting that... And this worries me. Really. Stannis is my favorite character in this series.I really like Stephen Dillane's acting, but the writing of his character has been really inconsistent this season. They didn't even set up his major character traits before we see him having sex with Melisandre. Everyone I know who watches the show think he is being manipulated by Melisandre. It's okay to think that while reading the second book, I guess, since we're seeing things from Davos's pov, but not in the show. I can't blame anyone for thinking that while watching the show.I don't know what gets me more upset - that Stannis has turned into unlikeable Robert 2.0 or that fans actually like that.I feel the same way. I was worried about him on the show since the first spoilers about him with Melisandre. After sunday's episode I thought we were going to see a whole lot of upset Stannis fans, but then all I see is approval of that scene.
1234	DornishREDhotmama	2012-06-05	i don't remember them actually having sex in the book.  do they or don't they?
1235	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	That's how Donal Noye described the Baratheons in ACoK.Yep, but I don't think it was accurate.  Would anybody honestly call Stannis "brittle?"  I never would.
1236	Kernest	2012-06-05	i don't remember them actually having sex in the book.  do they or don't they?It is heavily implied, as the shadow baby is said to look like Stannis, but no POV character was there to actually observe them doing it. Kinda like the books only imply Renly is gay, but the show throws it in the viewers faces.Yep, but I don't think it was accurate.  Would anybody honestly call Stannis "brittle?"  I never would.I think brittle is a bad word to use when talking about a person, but that's basically what you call something that breaks before it bends.
1237	sumpthy	2012-06-05	I enjoyed the beginning of the scene and i hated the ending of it. Seriously, staring into the flames but not showing anything? It is teleVISION, if i wanted my mind to do the job instead of the shows visuality, i read the books... ok, budget, yeah i know, but it was purely done.They should have put it before the scene at the Fist of the First Men really, since that's what Stannis saw in the flames. (Though he only saw the Night's Watch and their ring of torches, not the attack by the others.As for the sex. It's pretty explicit. Melissandre tells Davos that Stannis is too frail to make new shadow babies and invites him to come sleep with her to make more and in her POV chapter she says her bed hasn't seen much use since Stannis went off to war. It really surprises me how many people missed it.
1238	Jory	2012-06-05	Yes, Stannis probably porked Mel at least once. I don't think he knew, entirely, what the hell was going on with that, though... and I'm positive she did a better job of convincing him than saying "I will give you a son, your grace". Yeesh.
1239	Jory	2012-06-05	I really REALLY hope this isn't the case.And I never actually understood the "I will give you a son" line. She is referring to the shadow baby? I still have no idea what Stannis would be thinking in that scene...--I'm still very upset about Stannis choking Melisandre. Stannis is not impulsive and violent. Nothing ever hinted that in the books. That is what Robert would do, not Stannis.The scene was very well acted, but they couldn't have deviated more from the book characters. Melisandre would never find herself in that situation (she survived drinking poison, only R'hllor knows how old and powerful she actually is and she glazes into the fire all the time. Come on!) and Stannis wouldn't atack anyone like this. He would be grinding his teeth and complaining in rage, perhaps, but not atacking someone else like this.And then, when I think the scene couldn't get any worse, Melisandre tells him he'll betray everything he cares about to get the iron throne and he is actually ok with this as long as gets the iron throne?? This is awful. Now he actually wants the throne and the power? And he doesn't care at all about what she just told him? Are they setting him up like some kind of villain? I don't know if this is the personal view of the producers/writers or if they know something about the future of the book series and are already hinting that... And this worries me. Really. Stannis is my favorite character in this series.I really like Stephen Dillane's acting, but the writing of his character has been really inconsistent this season. They didn't even set up his major character traits before we see him having sex with Melisandre. Everyone I know who watches the show think he is being manipulated by Melisandre. It's okay to think that while reading the second book, I guess, since we're seeing things from Davos's pov, but not in the show. I can't blame anyone for thinking that while watching the show.I'm with you, and I have the same worries. Stannis, while certainly treading dangerously close to villain territory in the first half of the books, really does make the right decisions in the second half - maybe they're exacerbating the "villainous" side of him so that his decision to listen to Davos and go to the Wall becomes all the more important and impacting. Then again, they may just have it so that Mance Rayder is actually a good guy and taking down the Wall wouldn't be so bad of a thing and oh no, mean Stannis comes to stop them. Or maybe Robb's ghost rides to the Wall instead of Stannis. Can you tell how disillusioned I am?
1240	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-05	Stannis is really pissed off in this scene. He really did everything what Mel asked of him, and he still did not got what he wanted, so he has every reason to be angry. And Mel being subservient to him and not trying to fight for her life (she could have easily killed him then and there, from what was revealed in ADwD) just underlines that she really thinks he is R'hllor's chosen one.What was revealed in any of the books that suggests Mel could kill Stannis before he throttles her to death?
1241	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	I think brittle is a bad word to use when talking about a person, but that's basically what you call something that breaks before it bends.Brittle implies more than simply breaking cleanly before it warps.  Brittle implies a fundamental structural weakness.  Glass is brittle.  Porcelain is brittle.Rocks don't bend before they break, would you call a rock brittle?
1242	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-05	While I know some are upset about Stannis and his choking. I personally liked it because it showed him not being completely dominated by the Red Priestess.
I've never liked Mel, she constantly seems like she's leading Stannis and to a lesser extent Jon down a terrible path. So it was nice seeing Stannis showing her that her god wasn't doing much to stop him from choking her to death at that moment.
1243	Eirikr	2012-06-05	"Where is your god now? Will he save you?"Can't help but think of this scene. Especially the comment after the priestly fight.
1244	Puck the Goat	2012-06-05	Stannis is a self-righteous, narcissist.
He does whatever it takes to get the throne.
His brother stood in his way... he made a big faux pas and kill him.
How did he kill him? Another faux pas - infidelity to his wife via making a shadow baby with Mel.
Mel screwed up in Stannis' eyes... so what's he going to do? Choke a witch. No matter how he feels about women.
1245	DornishREDhotmama	2012-06-05	Yes, Stannis probably porked Mel at least once. I don't think he knew, entirely, what the hell was going on with that, though... and I'm positive she did a better job of convincing him than saying "I will give you a son, your grace". Yeesh.It is heavily implied, as the shadow baby is said to look like Stannis, but no POV character was there to actually observe them doing it. Kinda like the books only imply Renly is gay, but the show throws it in the viewers faces.Then I am pretty sure that is where they are headed with this.  I thought that immediately when they showed the mel/stannis sex scene.  Why else would they want to make it clear that they had sex.  Stannis is Mel's baby daddy.  lol]
1246	Jessica Bendis	2012-06-05	While I know some are upset about Stannis and his choking. I personally liked it because it showed him not being completely dominated by the Red Priestess.I've never liked Mel, she constantly seems like she's leading Stannis and to a lesser extent Jon down a terrible path. So it was nice seeing Stannis showing her that her god wasn't doing much to stop him from choking her to death at that moment.A have a friend who really dislikes Stannis and Melisandre. She was very pleased with this scene for the reason you mentioned. The problem here is that for  the purpose of showing something that should be clear right from the start (Stannis is not being manipulated), they are changing some of his character traits, making him act just like the brother he despises and complains about.Also, right after this they go gaze into the fire and I've seen a lot of people on internet thinking she cast a spell on him or something. Why would they think this? Maybe because they didn't even bother to show what he was seeing.If they had written this story properly, we wouldn't need ooc scenes to demonstrante a simple point like this one.I don't care about some changes, really. For instance, in the show Stannis clearly makes the decision to kill Renly. In the books, when he talked to Davos right after Renly got killed, he didn't seem to know the true nature of his brother's death. I didn't mind, because we really don't know what happened in the books.But some things just don't make any sense.In the books we knew from the first book that Stannis is a rigid and just man (he even wanted to ban the brothels in King's Landing, for heaven's sakes!). So when we find out about shadow babies, we know what him and Melisandre did wasn't something he would normally do.In the show they didn't care about stablishing his character first. They didn't show Selyse, so her lines go to Melisandre in the first episode. In the books, Stannis is the one who questions if the Lord of Light has any ships or something. They took that from him in and gave it to Cressen or Davos in the show. Fine.Then we just see Melisandre trying to convince him to have sex and he says no. But then she says she'll give him a son, he just accepts it and goes with it. (It was that easy, even if it doesn't make any logical sense.) She doesn't explain how that would help their cause or anything. So that is confusing. Was she talking about a shadow baby? It's obvious he didn't know about this, so what was he thinking, really?Then Davos convinces him to not take Melisandre with them to the Battle of Blackwater (Stannis' idea in the books).So in the last episode they seem to regret a bit what they did during the season. They show only now Stannis' emotions over Renly's death and try to compensate all they took from his character during this series in one scene to prove something they had plenty of opportunities to do during almost ten episodes...Sorry for the long post, but this really bothered me. lol
1247	Lord Over	2012-06-05	Stannis has become the Burger King with his 'Where is your God, now' schtick. It'll be hard for me to take him seriously, after that.
1248	Ramsay Gimp	2012-06-05	^Huh? 
Guys, this is the lowest point of Stannis's journey so far. In ASOS he tells Davos how he sank into despair after the Blackwater until Melisandre showed him the flames. This scene reflected that well.
It is clear that Weiss and Benioff see Davos and Mel as the angel and devil on Stannis's shoulders, which is also how most book readers likely see it. I know it's a bit more complicated since Mel really believes he is the messiah meant to stop the darkness. But to a certain extent Mel does represent the Witch archetype in the novels
1249	Clariana	2012-06-05	Or the red woman, or the whore of Babylon, Lilith...
The typical female gendered demon of male imagination.
1250	Ghost714	2012-06-05	I really REALLY hope this isn't the case.And I never actually understood the "I will give you a son" line. She is referring to the shadow baby? I still have no idea what Stannis would be thinking in that scene...--I'm still very upset about Stannis choking Melisandre. Stannis is not impulsive and violent. Nothing ever hinted that in the books. That is what Robert would do, not Stannis.The scene was very well acted, but they couldn't have deviated more from the book characters. Melisandre would never find herself in that situation (she survived drinking poison, only R'hllor knows how old and powerful she actually is and she glazes into the fire all the time. Come on!) and Stannis wouldn't atack anyone like this. He would be grinding his teeth and complaining in rage, perhaps, but not atacking someone else like this.And then, when I think the scene couldn't get any worse, Melisandre tells him he'll betray everything he cares about to get the iron throne and he is actually ok with this as long as gets the iron throne?? This is awful. Now he actually wants the throne and the power? And he doesn't care at all about what she just told him? Are they setting him up like some kind of villain? I don't know if this is the personal view of the producers/writers or if they know something about the future of the book series and are already hinting that... And this worries me. Really. Stannis is my favorite character in this series.I really like Stephen Dillane's acting, but the writing of his character has been really inconsistent this season. They didn't even set up his major character traits before we see him having sex with Melisandre. Everyone I know who watches the show think he is being manipulated by Melisandre. It's okay to think that while reading the second book, I guess, since we're seeing things from Davos's pov, but not in the show. I can't blame anyone for thinking that while watching the show.I feel the same way. I was worried about him on the show since the first spoilers about him with Melisandre. After sunday's episode I thought we were going to see a whole lot of upset Stannis fans, but then all I see is approval of that scene.I could not agree more with this. All your points about Stannis are spot on IMO.And it is definitely the writers own personal opinion of Stannis that is reflecting in how the write the character, that's not how he really is in the books. D B Weiss has actually said Stannis would be a horrible King in a behind the scenes video, and I hate it. The writers own personal opinions of the character should not reflect in how they write the characters, when doing an adaptation. D&D think Stannis is bad, so that's how they are making him, instead of the grey character we see in the books. It ridiculous IMO, many readers believe Stannis overall "good", and that he would make a great King. The writers should let the viewers make up their own minds, like in the books, they should not tell you how to feel about a character. I also love Stephen Dillane as Stannis, and his acting is great, the problem is the writing of his character, for sure. Even though most of us thought Stannis and Mel were "bad" at first, I don't see the show giving them a "face turn" like in the books, and if they do, I am afraid viewers won't buy it, because they have made them both "to bad". So the future "face turn", if they do it, will seem ridiculous. I hope I am wrong, and I hope they are just misleading the viewers for now..
1251	Tetrarch42	2012-06-05	I'm surpised fans liked this scene, as others have pointed out, Stannis is cold and calculating, not a tempermental hothead, he doesn't strangle people.
I much preferred the scene in the books when he's considering sacrificng Edric and tells Melisandre that if she's not certain there's another way she will "die by inches".
Also, I feel Stannis is much more lead around by Melisandre in the series than the books, you can tell she's completely seducing him, both sexually and with ideations of power. It makes her look like a manipulative whore, and him look like an insecure megalomaniac. In the book he defends her when Davos accuses her for the defeat of the Blackwater, if that scene is shown in the series it will seem like Stannis is just completely indoctrinated by her.
					
					
							Edited by Tetrarch42, 05 June 2012 - 05:50 PM.
1252	DurararaFTW	2012-06-05	I'm surpised fans liked this scene, as others have pointed out, Stannis is cold and calculating, not a tempermental hothead, he doesn't strangle people.I much preferred the scene in the books when he's considering sacrificng Edric and tells Melisandre that if she's not certain there's another way she will "die by inches".Also, I feel Stannis is much more lead around by Melisandre in the series than the books, you can tell she's completely seducing him, both sexually and with ideations of power. It makes her look like a manipulative whore, and him look like an insecure megalomaniac. In the book he defends her when Davos accuses her for the defeat of the Blackwater, if that scene is shown in the series it will seem like Stannis is just completely indoctrinated by her.Well if the scene doesn't happen then the whole Davos being imprisoned for trying to kill Melisandre will have to happen behind his back, wheras in the books it's strongly suggested he knew all about it. Either way, Stannis' character is gonna suffer more in the future for this.
1253	Queen Regent	2012-06-05	He choked her for a LONG time.  I was surprised when she didn't start coughing or something!
1254	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Is it so unbelievable for Stannis to choke a woman? Or anyone for that matter? His newly-acquired army is almost gone, his ships are gone, his Hand is gone. The guy needed a good outlet for his frustration. A good f*ck would have worked, but the mood's not right.
My take on it is that Stannis was so confident that he will win the battle because of Mel's visions. He was willing to let hundreds, no, thousands die because he was assured of victory. He would never have pushed through with the attack on foot had he not been so confident of the favorable outcome. And now that the outcome was not so favorable, Stannis blames the woman who encouraged him in the first place.
1255	Ghost714	2012-06-06	Is it so unbelievable for Stannis to choke a woman? Or anyone for that matter? His newly-acquired army is almost gone, his ships are gone, his Hand is gone. The guy needed a good outlet for his frustration. A good f*ck would have worked, but the mood's not right.My take on it is that Stannis was so confident that he will win the battle because of Mel's visions. He was willing to let hundreds, no, thousands die because he was assured of victory. He would never have pushed through with the attack on foot had he not been so confident of the favorable outcome. And now that the outcome was not so favorable, Stannis blames the woman who encouraged him in the first place.Yeah but that just makes Stannis look stupid, because Melisandre told him she saw his victory in the flames, if he was willing to take her advise and keep her by his side. So when Stannis sent Melisandre back to Dragonstone, he put the nail in his own coffin, and book Stannis can see that after the battle, show Stannis can't. So yeah I understand Stannis is frustrated, who wouldn't be? But book Stannis was so angry because his pride got in the way, so he knew it was his fault. Show Stannis just thinks its Mel's fault. In my opinion, that's just one more way for the show to make Melisandre look evil, because she is "just trying to destroy Stannis". I personally think that's bullshit, Melisandre in the books was not trying to destroy Stannis, nor was she trying to just manipulate him. She was truly trying to help Stannis, and she truly thinks he is R'hllor's chosen one. The show is just making both these characters to "bad", or "evil", when they should be grey characters, that are over all "good" when looking at the "big picture".And I really could not seeing book Stannis chocking a woman, no matter the sercumstances... But then again, the show has done a lot to change Stannis from his character in the books. So I guess what's it matter if it's out of character for him to choke a woman, most of show Stannis is out of character anyway, right?
1256	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-06	I just don't buy this scene.  Melisandre is so dignified in the books, with so much presence, I don't believe in the books any man standing next to her would try to strangle her.  Plus the show seems determined to make Melisandre evil, when in the books she's a very ambiguous character, who may be misguided and believes the end (of saving the entire human race) justifies the means, but never selfish or vindictive.
1257	Ghost714	2012-06-06	I just don't buy this scene.  Melisandre is so dignified in the books, with so much presence, I don't believe in the books any man standing next to her would try to strangle her.  Plus the show seems determined to make Melisandre evil, when in the books she's a very ambiguous character, who may be misguided and believes the end (of saving the entire human race) justifies the means, but never selfish or vindictive.Yes. My thoughts exactly. Neither Melisandre, nor Stannis is evil, but for some reason D&D are determined to make them as such in the show.
1258	Tetrarch42	2012-06-06	Violence without cause, especially against women doesn't seem Stannis' style; he refuses to let wildling women fight for him in A Dance with Dragons, even though they could bolster his vanguard, and he's never shown to be violent on a personal level. He's an excellent battle commancer but he never lost control and lashed out in the books physically.
He repeats on more than one occasion that he isn't a cruel man; Robert hits when he gets mad and that goes with his immature, drunken persona, Stannis is more the type of threaten or order executions.
Melisandre as others have pointed out is completely believing in Stannis as her hero and saviour, I always saw it as both of them seeing each other as means to an end and slowly growing to actually care for each other which was an interesting development but seems to be dropped in the series.
Very weak characterization for both characters this season; biggest gripe I have with Season 2.
1259	Lord Over	2012-06-06	^Huh?Google 'Burger King Where is your God now'
1260	Vandalism	2012-06-06	Stannis is my favourite character in the series. I have divided views on the Melisandre-choking; Stannis is the sort who would get extremely frustrated at a loss that was initially going to be a great victory. Especially since it was not the Lannisters at KL who beat him but the Tyrells and Tywin.I'd understand him grinding his teeth and saying "Damn ya!" but not choking Mel. He would never lay  hands on a woman, not even one he'd slept with.
1261	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-06	I still think Stannis was trying to prove a point. Pointing out the falsehood that is her god. While we know from the books that the Red God does seem to have some power (Or it's just magic) Stannis hasn't seen that yet.
He wanted to prove to her that her god was nothing. He could have choked her right then and there.
Besides as we know, Mel would have seen this coming in the flames. She always saw threats to herself before anything else, if I recall correctly that is.
1262	Mad Queen	2012-06-06	Me too. He wasn't trying to punish her for his defeat. It was a (very hard) lesson about war. He was trying to say, "You promised me I would win because your god is protecting me. Here is what I think of this notion -- I'm choking you with my hands and your god isn't protecting you. You could die at my hands. It always comes down to who is stronger." And Stannis doesn't have a lot of military strength, especially after Blackwater.
1263	Harrad	2012-06-06	He wanted to prove to her that her god was nothing. He could have choked her right then and there.Nope. Stannis knows her god is something. He knows that her god led to the murder of Renly. He acknowledged their complicity in that. He was just being petulant by choking her. Notice, he just punished her, did not kill her. Same thing he did to Davos. Stannis is a brutal warlord with an average mind. He's not a sadistic moron like Joffrey.
1264	Tetrarch42	2012-06-06	Nope. Stannis knows her god is something. He knows that her god led to the murder of Renly. He acknowledged their complicity in that. He was just being petulant by choking her. Notice, he just punished her, did not kill her. Same thing he did to Davos. Stannis is a brutal warlord with an average mind. He's not a sadistic moron like Joffrey.Does Stannis have only an average mind? I figured he was at least the most intelligent of the Baratheon brothers. He's shown to be an excellent battlefield tactician on land and sea and he seems to be pretty adept at the political game as well.
1265	Harrad	2012-06-06	Does Stannis have only an average mind? I figured he was at least the most intelligent of the Baratheon brothers. He's shown to be an excellent battlefield tactician on land and sea and he seems to be pretty adept at the political game as well.Average aint bad. Compare with Joffrey, Ned Stark, Robb, Theon, Hound, Mountain, Dany, Joras etc. Above average minds go to Tyrion, Tywin, Littlefinger, Varys...get the picture?
1266	Jory	2012-06-06	Average aint bad. Compare with Joffrey, Ned Stark, Robb, Theon, Hound, Mountain, Dany, Joras etc. Above average minds go to Tyrion, Tywin, Littlefinger, Varys...get the picture?No... sorry. Read the books. Stannis is very smart - he goes into elaborate lessons about history off the top of his head. He was raised by a maester while his brothers mostly did their own thing.
1267	Harrad	2012-06-06	No... sorry. Read the books. Stannis is very smart - he goes into elaborate lessons about history off the top of his head. He was raised by a maester while his brothers mostly did their own thing.Don't think so. His claim to fame was his warrior attributes--not his deep thinking. His forary into religion is one example of his avoidance of deep thought. His inability to compromise for his own benefit is another. He does better than some morons in that world, but he does not compare to the above average thinkers I listed.
1268	Tetrarch42	2012-06-06	Don't think so. His claim to fame was his warrior attributes--not his deep thinking. His forary into religion is one example of his avoidance of deep thought. His inability to compromise for his own benefit is another. He does better than some morons in that world, but he does not compare to the above average thinkers I listed.If you're taking military strategy as an index of intelligence then Stannis has all the "above-average" thinkers you listed beat. He outmanouvered and crushed the most powerful fleet in Westeros, nearly stormed the greatest city on the continent, and smashed Mance Rayders army with 1/20 of his strength.If not you'll notice that Stannis and Tywin have a pretty similar thought process when it came to politics in King's Landing. Tyrion reflects when considering Varys and Littlefinger as friends or enemies that he might take his father's approach and "mount two heads on spikes", whereas Stannis says "They say the corruption in King's Landing began with Varys, and I won't stop there, I mean to scour the entire court clean...".
1269	IMPudence	2012-06-06	Don't think so. His claim to fame was his warrior attributes--not his deep thinking. His forary into religion is one example of his avoidance of deep thought. His inability to compromise for his own benefit is another. He does better than some morons in that world, but he does not compare to the above average thinkers I listed.His "forray" into religion is a political tool..the book pretty much made that clear. And if your qualification of "avoidance of deep thought" is taking up religion, then what does that make the Starks, especially Robb who proved an "above-average" military mind?
1270	boojam	2012-06-06	it is a scene from SoS , Davos iii ,I think,. Davos is there, the slug stuff is there at the end.
Davos believes it because Stannis never lies. 
The context is odd, Stannis and Mel see something about beyond the wall, The Great Other, the threat to all Westeros.
Even by the end of ADWD , what the hell is going on is still a mystery.
1271	Sister Goldenhair	2012-06-06	i think i'm of the same mind as many people here. i enjoyed season 2, i thought it was fantastic tv, but one of my gripes has been the characterization of stannis. the show gives the impression that he's lusting after the iron throne and the books give the obverse view of it, in that he believes it is his duty to be king. there were some changes i liked, stannis going up the ladder and fighting was one, but overall i think this season didn't spend enough time with him and he came off looking like a villain.now with melisandre, she's coming off as being a traditional witch that enchants the ruler of a realm, instead of religious fanatic who truely believes that stannis needs to be king. i can't remember the context, i can't remember which book, but there's a line she says that i think is very revealing about her true nature. in effect she says "do you think i would travel half way around the world to put another king on a throne?" obviously not verbatim, but i think that melisandre is the one that should be built up instead of the strictly manipulative one we've been given.Melisandre also says something in the nature of that she's been fighting these battle much longer than Stannis can even imagine, meaning she is very old (older than a normal human/witch would be) and of course the stone/glamour she wears covers who she really is.
1272	Mad Queen	2012-06-06	Nope. Stannis knows her god is something. He knows that her god led to the murder of Renly.He murdered Renly, but in battle a shadow baby is useless. The Lannisters won because they had a larger army, not because their gods were more powerful than Melisandre's. I think that was Stannis's point. Melisandre's magic only goes so far.
1273	Ser Giant	2012-06-06	I'm okay with the violence of the scene. If Stannis in book 3 is any indication he is going to a very dark place for a long time. Being nasty like that is understandable for book 2 Stannis post Blackwater.
Him leading the land attack also needs to be considered. He saw one of his men's heads smashed by a rock and probably still has blood/brains in his eyes/hair/everywhere. It was a pretty calculated lapse in anger if you ask me.
1274	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-06	I think maybe the people who like this scene are people who really like Stannis as a character by himself and feel that Mel is a bad influence on him.
At least that's my biggest reason as to why I like it. I've never liked Mel in the books or show. Stannis has always been my favorite Baratheon.
1275	Harrad	2012-06-06	If you're taking military strategy as an index of intelligence then Stannis has all the "above-average" thinkers you listed beat. He outmanouvered and crushed the most powerful fleet in Westeros, nearly stormed the greatest city on the continent, and smashed Mance Rayders army with 1/20 of his strength.Your description of Stannis military prowess reminds me of Sir Robin who nearly defeated the Chicken of Bristol. He was a minor general in Roberts great rebellion, he crushed the most powerful fleet? that was done by Stark etc at Pyke, he lost the sea and land battle at KL. His one triumph in GoT, the books, was when he surprised a disorganized "army" of wildlings and defeated them with an organized force, the same way the Night Watch had done for 1000 years before they lost nearly all their strength. I would not put my faith in Stannis to defeat the Lannisters in a fair fight, the Starks, or even his effete brother.
1276	from the arbor	2012-06-06	Your description of Stannis military prowess reminds me of Sir Robin who nearly defeated the Chicken of Bristol. He was a minor general in Roberts great rebellion, he crushed the most powerful fleet? that was done by Stark etc at Pyke, he lost the sea and land battle at KL. His one triumph in GoT, the books, was when he surprised a disorganized "army" of wildlings and defeated them with an organized force, the same way the Night Watch had done for 1000 years before they lost nearly all their strength. I would not put my faith in Stannis to defeat the Lannisters in a fair fight, the Starks, or even his effete brother.Starks? No, but I would bet Stannis wins 9 out of 10 times against the Lannister bannermen.
1277	Harrad	2012-06-06	The Lannisters won because they had a larger army, not because their gods were more powerful than Melisandre's. I think that was Stannis's point. Melisandre's magic only goes so far.The Lannisters won because Stannis lost his fleet to Tyrion's trick and then got his rather large army trapped between the walls and Tywin. This great general made a few serious boo-boos. I guess he forgot to leave a real guard or to scout for the appearance of an enemy at his back....ooopsie
1278	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-06	Your description of Stannis military prowess reminds me of Sir Robin who nearly defeated the Chicken of Bristol. He was a minor general in Roberts great rebellion, he crushed the most powerful fleet? that was done by Stark etc at Pyke, he lost the sea and land battle at KL. His one triumph in GoT, the books, was when he surprised a disorganized "army" of wildlings and defeated them with an organized force, the same way the Night Watch had done for 1000 years before they lost nearly all their strength. I would not put my faith in Stannis to defeat the Lannisters in a fair fight, the Starks, or even his effete brother.I'm quite certain you're wrong about the bolded bit.During Robert's Rebellion Stannis commanded the Royal Fleet that destroyed much of the Iron Fleet. He also held Storm's End until Ned showed up to relieve him of the enemy.He was also charged with taking Dragonstone by sea. Which he did and ruled over ever since then.Stannis is a brilliant tactician especially when it comes to naval warfare it seems. I wouldn't call defeating the Iron Fleet an easy task.
1279	Harrad	2012-06-07	Stannis is a brilliant tactician especially when it comes to naval warfare it seems. I wouldn't call defeating the Iron Fleet an easy task.How about losing his fleet to Tyrion's trick? How brilliant was that? You want to cherrypick his victories and forget his defeats. I don't think great generalship or admiralship works that way.
1280	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-07	How about losing his fleet to Tyrion's trick? How brilliant was that? You want to cherrypick his victories and forget his defeats. I don't think great generalship or admiralship works that way.Ser Imry is to blame for that. He was over confident in his numbers and pushed ahead without scouting the river. I'm not sure they could have predicted the wildfire being used. As that was foolhardy. The wildfire even destroyed the small Royal Fleet.The chain was a brilliant idea by Tyrion and Ser Imry didn't account for that and went ahead brashly.Stannis almost won the Battle of Blackwater, they'd have lost had the Tyrells not come riding up to save them all.Mistakes were made but Stannis is still very intelligent. You're citing only one loss. While a big one, wasn't strictly Stannis' fault.
1281	Harrad	2012-06-07	Stannis almost won the Battle of Blackwater, they'd have lost had the Tyrells not come riding up to save them all.Mistakes were made but Stannis is still very intelligent. You're citing only one loss. While a big one, wasn't strictly Stannis' fault.All right. I guess you never heard "The buck stops here." Stannis' victories are due to him. His defeats are other peoples faults. I can see that. I just wouldnt want a general/admiral with his average win-some, lose-some record. I would prefer ones that took names and kicked butt.
1282	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-07	All right. I guess you never heard "The buck stops here." Stannis' victories are due to him. His defeats are other peoples faults. I can see that. I just wouldnt want a general/admiral with his average win-some, lose-some record. I would prefer ones that took names and kicked butt.Which he did. He can't be blamed for the Tyrells coming out of nowhere to wreck him. He nearly won the Battle of Blackwater. Also, seeing as how Stannis gave command of the fleet to Ser Imry, that's kind of a big thing.It'd be like Eisenhower giving a guy command of a platoon and that guy running that platoon straight into a minefield without sending scouts.Ser Imry failed in his duties, it was a big set back but Stannis still managed to pull through. The only problem was the unforeseeable; The Tyrells.
1283	Harrad	2012-06-07	It'd be like Eisenhower giving a guy command of a platoon and that guy running that platoon straight into a minefield without sending scouts.The only problem was the unforeseeable; The Tyrells.Ridiculous. A commander is judged by the subordinates he picks. Eisenhower would be faulted if D-Day failed, not some lower level commander. Most importantly, in war, dealing with the unforseen is what separates a good commander from a bad one. To be taken by surprise in the rear is unforgivable.
1284	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-07	Ridiculous. A commander is judged by the subordinates he picks. Eisenhower would be faulted if D-Day failed, not some lower level commander. Most importantly, in war, dealing with the unforseen is what separates a good commander from a bad one. To be taken by surprise in the rear is unforgivable.Nobody knew about the Tyrells.Stannis will get the blame, but it's not technically his fault. It'll go down as a loss for him, but it wasn't his hands on command that caused the problem. Ser Imry made a mistake that screwed Stannis with his pants on.But still, nobody knew about the Tyrells. They came full force and nobody expected them.
1285	Harrad	2012-06-07	You're right. The succesful generals know where the enemy is, probably from reading the book beforehand. Its like General Custer. He had no idea there were 10000 Sioux over the next ridge and it wasn't his fault since nobody expected them.
1286	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-07	I think you just don't like Stannis.
Tywin's forces were meeting Robb's forces in the Westerlands and were going to chase him around. However near Riverrun Edmure ran out and attacked Tywin which gave him a delay. This delay allowed Tywin to get word that Stannis was marching on King's Landing.
Everyone though Tywin would be fighitng the Northmen.
The Tyrells were at Bitterbridge and got contacted by Littlefinger. They then joined up with Tywin Lannister. It was by pure luck they reached Stannis in time.
Tywin was an unpredictable element that Stannis believed, as did many others had Edmure not made his folly, was busy having different battles. And there's no telling what the Tyrells would have done had Tywin not come swooping by.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Wadsworth, 07 June 2012 - 01:11 AM.
1287	Mad Queen	2012-06-07	The Lannisters won because Stannis lost his fleet to Tyrion's trick and then got his rather large army trapped between the walls and Tywin. This great general made a few serious boo-boos. I guess he forgot to leave a real guard or to scout for the appearance of an enemy at his back....ooopsieI guess Stannis's point was that his defeat at King's Landing was a matter of strategy and military strength, not religion or magic. Tywin "strangled" Stannis as Stannis strangled Mel and Rhllor didn't interfere to save them.
1288	Harrad	2012-06-07	I think you just don't like Stannis.I like him as much as I like any fictional character. I just wont go so far as to defend him as a great general when he loses the most important battle in the book thus far. Weren't the Tyrells, not to mention Tywin Lannister, both opposing forces still on the battlefield of Westeros? What would you call a general who doesnt account for major forces in his rear during a critical time of a battle? That's a tactic that Joffrey, the first of his name, might employ.
1289	Harrad	2012-06-07	I guess Stannis's point was that his defeat at King's Landing was a matter of strategy and military strength, not religion or magic. Tywin "strangled" Stannis as Stannis strangled Mel and Rhllor didn't interfere to save them.I'll buy that. And who was responsible for strategy and military strength at KL? 'Nuff said.
1290	Mad Queen	2012-06-07	I'll buy that. And who was responsible for strategy and military strength at KL? 'Nuff said.I don't think he's blaming Mel for it. He is just saying, "Your prediction was wrong and your god was powerless to help me. And see, Rhllor won't help you either. The only thing that matters is that I'm stronger than you." Message delivered in a very rough way.
1291	Tetrarch42	2012-06-07	I'm not sure anyone could have forseen the Lannister-Tyrell alliance. As far as I know it was hastily organized by Littlefinger and not even Tyrion or Cersei were aware of the army heading towards the Blackwater, much of the Lannister forces were fighting in the Riverlands if I'm not mistaken.
1292	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-07	Davos makes note of Tywin Lannister chasing Robb's forces in the Westerland. Saying they should strike for King's Landing.
Stannis refuses because he needs fear to keep himself powerful at this time due to him having the smallest army so a defeat at Storm's End isn't able to happen.
Stannis makes mention that the majority of Renly's forces are at Bitterbridge and that he sent envoys to there to bring them to his side. The envoys were captured by Loras Tyrell.
So, Stannis then makes hast for King's Landing after the shadow kills Ser Cortnay.
Stannis appointed Ser Imry as Lord High Captain of the Fleet and gave him full command. Ser Imry didn't do the cautious thing and just sent the ships up the river. Davos even remarks how he would have sent scouting ships upriver had he been an Admiral. Ser Imry scoffs at his advice thinking they've no need to fear.
They were aware of Tyrion's chain once they captured fishing boats along the Blackwater. Davos even sees it in the water but he can't be certain as to why they didn't block off the river.
Tyrion's plan was pretty amazing and he had major luck with dragons being born into the world again. He had massive amounts of wildfire. Stannis was likely aware of wildfire but there wasn't much of it in the city and they would have run out soon since there were few promancers and a short supply of wildfire.
So, with the help of magic, Edmure's folly, Imry's overconfidence, and Tyrion's pretty genius plan for the chain in conjunction with the wildfire Stannis was in a bad position.
Yet still, with half his fleet broken and burning, he managed to storm King's Landing and almost take it. Unfortunately Edmure messed up and Tywin had rushed back JUST in time.
Stannis had a good plan, with a strong force. He couldn't account for Edmure, or the magical pyromancers making more wildfire than usual.
1293	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	I could not agree more with this. All your points about Stannis are spot on IMO.And it is definitely the writers own personal opinion of Stannis that is reflecting in how the write the character, that's not how he really is in the books. D B Weiss has actually said Stannis would be a horrible King in a behind the scenes video, and I hate it. The writers own personal opinions of the character should not reflect in how they write the characters, when doing an adaptation. D&D think Stannis is bad, so that's how they are making him, instead of the grey character we see in the books. It ridiculous IMO, many readers believe Stannis overall "good", and that he would make a great King. The writers should let the viewers make up their own minds, like in the books, they should not tell you how to feel about a character.I also love Stephen Dillane as Stannis, and his acting is great, the problem is the writing of his character, for sure.Even though most of us thought Stannis and Mel were "bad" at first, I don't see the show giving them a "face turn" like in the books, and if they do, I am afraid viewers won't buy it, because they have made them both "to bad". So the future "face turn", if they do it, will seem ridiculous. I hope I am wrong, and I hope they are just misleading the viewers for now..I didn't get the same thing from the books as you obviously. Stannis wouldn't make a good king. I thought it was not so subtle that if you put Stannis' best characteristics with Renly's best characteristics you would have a good king. I don't see any "face turn" coming. He wants to kill an innocent child, Edric Storm. Davos then convinces him to instead head to the wall. Then he wins a battle against one of the most pathetic armies(undisciplined and poorly armed and armored) in the realm(after they have been worn down from a failed siege). He tries to manipulate Jon Snow into giving him power in the north. First by offering Winterfell. Second by trying to take all the nightwatchs lands. Third by trying to generate an army. He didn't go to the wall for the good of the realm. He went to gain an army in the north so he could try again to gain the crown. By touting how he was the savior of the realm. When we all know the real battle at the wall is coming. What does Stannis do? He can't wait to get away from the wall to recruit an army. He doesn't do everything because it is his duty. He does what people perceive should be his duty so he can actually add people to his friend list which is awfully short.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 07 June 2012 - 02:59 AM.
1294	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	If you're taking military strategy as an index of intelligence then Stannis has all the "above-average" thinkers you listed beat. He outmanouvered and crushed the most powerful fleet in Westeros, nearly stormed the greatest city on the continent, and smashed Mance Rayders army with 1/20 of his strength.What greatest fleet did he destroy? I don't believe White Harbor or Pyke have been defeated by Stannis. He nearly stormed the greatest city in Westeros that had their main strength with Tywin at Harranhal. And oh yes he crushed the wildings that had pathetic armor and weapons after they had been failing at sieging the wall for some time. Oh and lets not forget he took them by complete surprise. Military genius indeed
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 07 June 2012 - 03:34 AM.
1295	Tetrarch42	2012-06-07	What greatest fleet did he destroy? I don't believe White Harbor or Pyke have been defeated by Stannis. He nearly stormed the greatest city in Westeros that had their main strength with Tywin at Harranhal. And oh yes he crushed the wildings that had pathetic armor and weapons after they had been failing at sieging the wall for some time. Oh and lets not forget he took them by complete surprise. Military genius indeedStannis captained the Royal Fleet which smashed the Iron Fleet off Fair Isle, and went  on to supress Great Wyk. While White Harbour has a powerful navy, I very much doubt it stacks up to the Iron Fleet.The Wildling's failed assault on the Wall hardly diminished their numbers given that Mance Rayder told Jon he has the ability to "...continue the attack here[Castle Black] and still send ten thousand men to cross the Bay of Seals on rafts and take Eastwatch from the rear. I could storm the Shadow Tower too... I could send men and mammoths to dig out the gates at the castles you've abandoned, all of them at once."The fact that the Wildlings are poorly armed makes a significant difference, but not nearly enough to account for the 1:20 army size disparity. This isn't tanks and helicopters against cave men; it's men with steel armor and swords against the far numerically superior men with stone axes and hide/brass armor not to mention giants and mammoths and wargs, all of which Stannis doesn't have.
1296	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	Site problems repost
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 07 June 2012 - 05:34 AM.
1297	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	repost deux
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 07 June 2012 - 05:35 AM.
1298	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	I'll grant you the victory on sea. I had forgotten the Greyjoy Rebellion and Stannis part in that. So I'll admit I'm wrong on that count. The Wildlings were battle weary. They had no discipline. They had no defense set for an attack coming from anywhere other than the wall. I don't recall ever hearing about Mance being some great military strategist. Stannis had Castle forged Steel armor and weapons in the form of Cavalry against those # you reported but those include women and children. So no its not tanks and helicopters against cavemen its well armed and disciplined cavalry against fourth generation cavemen. Oh yea and the fact that he took them by complete surprise. Its not like he tactically outwitted Mance. Hell most of them ran. Of course one can't help but notice you left out the fact that he lost at KL with far superior numbers at land and sea and with the main strength of opposing forces with Tywin. So I'll assume you concede that point.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 07 June 2012 - 06:22 AM.
1299	boojam	2012-06-07	From Mel's lines "you will betray the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear" I got the impression that Stannis eventually will become the Nights King leading the WW, considering D&D know about how the story is going to end.What do you think?I tried scanning that in SoS , and can't find the quote , so, I don't know what the hell you will betray everything you once held dear means. Stannis does not hold much of anything dear, except The Letter of the Law.Maybe his wife and daughter , but they are small potatoes.In the SoIaF I get the impression that he and Mel and allies are going to have to face down , with R'hllor's help (I can't stand the Red God)....face down 'God whose name should not be spoken' (but has been spoken!, The Great Other, whew, how George dances around that name!).So far George has woven this Uber-story (the trump plot)... that the big RagnarA¶k between R'hllor and The Great Other (gez George needs to give that god a one-word name!)Stannis is going to need all the help he can get hostile or 'dear to him' , if D and D have something else in mind , by way of Geroge, it better be from way way out in left field.Everybody else in Westeros , except Stannis and the NW, have their thumbs up their ass and a big smile on their faces.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 June 2012 - 07:49 PM.
1300	Harrad	2012-06-07	Cavalry against those # you reported but those include women and children. So no its not tanks and helicopters against cavemen its well armed and disciplined cavalry against fourth generation cavemen. Oh yea and the fact that he took them by complete surprise. Its not like he tactically outwitted Mance. Hell most of them ran. Of course one can't help but notice you left out the fact that he lost at KL with far superior numbers at land and sea and with the main strength of opposing forces with Tywin.That's right, of course. The Stannisites here excuse him for losing the most important battle thus far in GoT coz he was surprised by the enemy. Then they praise him for beating the Wlldlings and their super-general Mance by surprising him. Its nice to have it both ways. The jury is still out whether Stannis will win more battles than he loses.  As far as his being a great or even good King. I doubt it. Lets see what GRRM thinks in the next two books. Somehow I don't see Stannis prevailiing. You remember him? The guy who murdered his brother, burned the old gods to put up a new one (cynically ofc), murdered Robert's bastard (didnt the Lannisters do that too?), and burned the captured Mance.
1301	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-07	I enjoyed the beginning of the scene and i hated the ending of it. Seriously, staring into the flames but not showing anything? It is teleVISION, if i wanted my mind to do the job instead of the shows visuality, i read the books... ok, budget, yeah i know, but it was purely done.I think what she showed him was what was happening North of the Wall.  My guess is that much of season 3 will be him making preparations for some unknown trip, wrestling with whether to go north or fight for the crown, and they didn't want to open that up until they were ready to go in that direction.  My guess is they'll concealing what he actually saw until he is ready to give the orders to his men, and explains why.
1302	unRobert	2012-06-07	Hell most of them ran. Of course one can't help but notice you left out the fact that he lost at KL with far superior numbers at land and sea and with the main strength of opposing forces with Tywin. So I'll assume you concede that point.This confuses me. He was winning when he had the "far superior numbers" ( estimating his numbers, he probably had KL at 4-1 or 5-1, which would make for an impressive, but not awe-inspiring victory over a walled city and massive fortress). When the Tyrell-Lannister host shows up, I assume they probably had him out manned 3-1.I think we're given the impression that Stannis is a good tactician (And I for one am hoping he will prove it, and put some Freys in a frozen lake...) but still a flawed leader. He inspires little, as his defeat at King's Landing showed us. He lost so suddenly at the arrival of a new host because his own men were very quick to betray.
1303	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-07	This confuses me. He was winning when he had the "far superior numbers" ( estimating his numbers, he probably had KL at 4-1 or 5-1, which would make for an impressive, but not awe-inspiring victory over a walled city and massive fortress). When the Tyrell-Lannister host shows up, I assume they probably had him out manned 3-1.I think we're given the impression that Stannis is a good tactician (And I for one am hoping he will prove it, and put some Freys in a frozen lake...) but still a flawed leader. He inspires little, as his defeat at King's Landing showed us. He lost so suddenly at the arrival of a new host because his own men were very quick to betray.The key was that the Lannisters/Tyrells attacked Stannis men in the rear unexpectedly, while they were assaulting the city and gates.  Historically, that makes just about any army break, even if they still outnumber their foe.  What happens is that the guys actually being attacked don't care about the numbers overall, they just know they're getting their asses kicked.  So they break and run.  Then other troops see them breaking and running, see an unexpected attack coming at them for which they are unprepared and ill-deployed (and whose full numbers they don't know), and they break.  And so on.  That's why well-timed flanking attacks generally are battle-winners if not detected.
1304	Harrad	2012-06-07	The key was that the Lannisters/Tyrells attacked Stannis men in the rear unexpectedly, while they were assaulting the city and gates.  Historically, that makes just about any army break, even if they still outnumber their foe.  What happens is that the guys actually being attacked don't care about the numbers overall, they just know they're getting their asses kicked.  So they break and run.  Then other troops see them breaking and running, see an unexpected attack coming at them for which they are unprepared and ill-deployed (and whose full numbers they don't know), and they break.  And so on.  That's why well-timed flanking attacks generally are battle-winners if not detected.Exactly right. Good generals avoid putting themselves in a position where there are surprised by an attack in the rear, by scouting the enemy in one or many ways. Bad generals fling caution to the wind as if they were undefeatable. In the case where they are surprised, only superior morale and tactics may win the day. Stannis' army displayed none of that.
1305	kevinbgwrites	2012-06-07	I was upset with villain Stannis from season 2 but I think I understand why they are making him that way. Whats more powerful, a very grey character doing something likable or a rather black character doing the same? The directors have voiced he'd be a bad king etc. and I think thats just to make his transformation all the more powerful when he proves to be the only king who arrives at the wall.
1306	Harrad	2012-06-07	he proves to be the only king who arrives at the wall.I wonder about that in the book. He is hardly doing it for selfless reasons. First he got his butt kicked out of the south, so it was his only option if he wanted to stay on the same continent. Then, he fought Mance because he was the only (weak) opponent in the field. Then he marched south for his own purposes. I expect he will beat the Freys, but whether Stannis will wither in the cold weather and then go whither, is all up to GRRM.
1307	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-07	Stannis didn't throw caution to the wind. Tywin was busy with Robb's forces. There was no reason for him to think the majority of Lannister forces would suddenly be upon him. Along with that the Tyrells struck a deal with the Lannisters, a deal not many saw coming. They had no reason to love each other.
I don't see how Stannis being blind sided by two large enemy forces who weren't meant to be a factor in the battle makes him unintelligent and a bad general.
Fighting against the Wildings helped him to gain favor in the North. He also is gaining favor with the north by going to save Winterfell from the clutches of the Bolton Bastard.
He's trying to bring the Northmen to his cause as they no longer have a unified leader. Those who want revenge for the death of Ned, Robb and Cat would gather around Stannis because he's showing Kingly support. As in, he's the only one who's claimed Kinghood and is using his power to help the Wall.
So he helps the realm and helps his standing.
Someone said earlier that he has become Robert. That's false. Robert drank and whored himself into a stupor. I don't like that Stannis was so bewitched by the prospect of a son to abandon his honor and duty and sleep with Mel. I feel it was done better in the books. He's not suddenly a domestic abuser because he choked Mel. He's proving a point.
She said she's been in battles and knew a ton about them. So he proceeded to attack her. Asking her where her knowledge and god factored into that. He didn't go crazy and start beating Selyse like some drunk trailer trash.
1308	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-07	Exactly right. Good generals avoid putting themselves in a position where there are surprised by an attack in the rear, by scouting the enemy in one or many ways. Bad generals fling caution to the wind as if they were undefeatable. In the case where they are surprised, only superior morale and tactics may win the day. Stannis' army displayed none of that.Well, normally, a smart general would have kept out scouts to maintain contact/observation of Tywin's forces.  But I can see cutting Stannis some slack here.  His army arrived from sea right at KL, and didn't really have time to send out long-range scouts to look for Tywin.  The idea was land, then push hard and fast against KL.  Tywin was to the north, where Stannis didn't have any bannermen or loyalists to track Tywin.  He had the incredible misfortune to be caught in terrible timing, with Tywin hitting him at exactly his most vulnerable.  Had Stannis been a day earlier, the city would have fallen, and a day later would have found Tywin inside.  Just crappy, crappy luck.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 07 June 2012 - 02:19 PM.
1309	StannisBarFTW	2012-06-07	That's right, of course. The Stannisites here excuse him for losing the most important battle thus far in GoT coz he was surprised by the enemy. Then they praise him for beating the Wlldlings and their super-general Mance by surprising him. Its nice to have it both ways. The jury is still out whether Stannis will win more battles than he loses.  As far as his being a great or even good King. I doubt it. Lets see what GRRM thinks in the next two books. Somehow I don't see Stannis prevailiing. You remember him? The guy who murdered his brother, burned the old gods to put up a new one (cynically ofc), murdered Robert's bastard (didnt the Lannisters do that too?), and burned the captured Mance.Stannis is a good general and you have proof of it all over the books. He smashed Victarion and the Iron Fleet ( i didnt simply win he completly overwhelmed them, Vic mentions it a lot), he withstand Storm's End for a year against Mace Tyrell and all the Reach.He got backstabbed everytime, Robert sent him to Dragonstone to rot, giving Storm's End to Renly who later decided that he should be king instaed of his older brother ( the only prob i have with stannis killing renly its that it didnt happen on the battlefield ).About the Wall battle, he got Mance by suprise and in the same way he was beaten in the blackwater he beat mance.Stannis is the only King-wanabe who actually listens to what his advisors say, and the most capable of ruling a realm, if you say is not a great general cuz he lot the BW why you say Tywin is a good general? Tywin beat the Reynes which were a vassal house that rebelled against a major house and all the other lesser houses it was not even a fair battle, during robertÂ´s rebellion he did nothing he was Hand of Aerys II and didnt help the royal family at the trident and sacked KL by backstabbing the King, he got his ass handed to him by Robb Stark and won the BW bay battle why is he better than Stannis??
1310	Tetrarch42	2012-06-07	Well I certainly don't see Tywin as being all that intelligent, regardless of the consensus on Stannis. He repeatedly lost on the field to the "Boy-King" and his only real claims to military fame are extinguishing two rebellious vassal houses. As I've mentioned Stannis and Tywin have pretty similar approaches to politics(namely executing suspicious game-players).
Tywin's main attribute seems to be ruthlessness and narcissism, not necessarily machinations and cheming like Tyrion, or Littlefinger.
1311	HouseLark	2012-06-07	Back on topic:
My favourite part of the Stannis/Mel scene was the look of uncertainty on Melisandre's face when Stannis was initially railing against her visions of his triumph. It was a look that intimated that she may not entirely know what she sees in the flames herself - if indeed she sees anything and isn't just a charlatan. Nice bit of work from Carice Van Houten, I'm looking forward to seeing her next season.
1312	Associate Maester	2012-06-07	Stannis is my favorite character from the books and Mel is definitely in the top five. I didn't have an issue the choking scene at all. We've got two separate canons going on; Books and Television Show. That scene made sense to me for the way they've handled Stannis on the show. I don't equate it to poor writing, just different choices. I'm not upset at the choices the producers have made for any of the characters personally.
					
					
							Edited by Dreadfort81, 07 June 2012 - 08:02 PM.
1313	Istakhr	2012-06-07	I found Mel's response to choking more interesting. She didn't try to stop Stannis, nor did she coughed or breathed hard after the choking. I think it was interestingly ambiguos if she can even be choked to death.
1314	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	Exactly right. Good generals avoid putting themselves in a position where there are surprised by an attack in the rear, by scouting the enemy in one or many ways. Bad generals fling caution to the wind as if they were undefeatable. In the case where they are surprised, only superior morale and tactics may win the day. Stannis' army displayed none of that.Also the point is that with the weak defensive force at KL. Stannis should have taken the city and been defending from the battlements by the time Renlys ghost appears.
1315	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	Nobody knew about the Tyrells.Stannis will get the blame, but it's not technically his fault. It'll go down as a loss for him, but it wasn't his hands on command that caused the problem. Ser Imry made a mistake that screwed Stannis with his pants on.But still, nobody knew about the Tyrells. They came full force and nobody expected them.He should have already been in the castle. Defending from the walls of KL crushing the Tyrell and Tywin's army. He failed to take a poorly manned castle in any timely fashion so another army showed up to crush him.
1316	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-07	The Tyrells were at Bitterbridge and got contacted by Littlefinger. They then joined up with Tywin Lannister. It was by pure luck they reached Stannis in timeSame as earlier posts. It wasn't pure luck that Tywin reached KL in time. It was the fact that a small defensive force and Tyrions plan stalled Stannis enough for them to arrive. If Stannis doesn't make all the mistakes that he does the city is taken and Tywin is too late.
1317	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-07	There was far more wildfire than they could have accounted for. The wildfire and chain combination wreaked havoc.  They learned about the chain as they were going up the river capturing fishing vessels.
Tyrell force would have been cut drastically had his envoys succeeded. Tywin wouldn't have gotten the message had Edmure not charged at him and stopped him.
All in all, had there not been massive wildfire and poor luck in regards to Tywin and the Tyrells showing up Stannis would have taken King's Landing easily.
Stannis' mistake is appoting Ser Imry, but that's only a mistake because of Ser Imry's overconfidence. Everything else is due to unpredictableness from external factors; Magic, Edmure, Loras.
1318	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-08	So you think it was just poor luck that drove the Tyrells to the Lannisters and not Stannis' shadow demon assassin murdering Renly?
1319	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-08	So many people trying to make Stannis the only king to show at the wall as him being such a friend to the realm and that he was the only one that cared. So I guess you all read some secret chapter that I didn't get about how Stannis was sending all these people to fight at the wall all these years? With the way some of you are making it sound surely Stannis was sending quality fighters to the wall constantly to help defend the realm. Half the nightswatch must have been sent from Dragonstone right?
1320	Tetrarch42	2012-06-08	So many people trying to make Stannis the only king to show at the wall as him being such a friend to the realm and that he was the only one that cared. So I guess you all read some secret chapter that I didn't get about how Stannis was sending all these people to fight at the wall all these years? With the way some of you are making it sound surely Stannis was sending quality fighters to the wall constantly to help defend the realm. Half the nightswatch must have been sent from Dragonstone right?Well, no. Stannis helped hold the Wall once, his justification being the one given to Davos "...Save the realm to win the throne, instead of win the throne to save the realm". Anything else really is a supposition given that we've yet to get a Stannis POV in order to really understand his motives or reasoning for aiding the Wall. Given the above as well as George R.R Martin's conviction that "...the series title reminds us constantly that the real issue lies in the North beyond the Wall. Stannis becomes one of the few characters fully to understand that, which is why in spite of everything he is a righteous man, and not just a version of Henry VII, Tiberius or Louis XI", I think it's safe to say Stannis' actions were largely motivated by a real desire to save the realm, not just to rally the Northmen to his cause and continue the fight.Stannis was the only King/lord to send any aid to the Night's Watch when they were under seige my Mance Rayder, not even the nearby Northern Lords sent a single troop.
1321	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-08	Stannis is currently the only one going to the Wall to do anything. The Night's Watch hasn't been a big deal for a long time now. Y'know, Snarks and Grumkins. It is a power play to a point, him being the only king to actually respond to their summons shows he's for the realm rather than just the throne. Mel also showed the Fist in the fire so he's working towards that end as well.
Nobody knew about Stannis' shadow assassin, most everyone blamed Brienne or Catelyn because they knew Stannis didn't have the coin for a faceless man. So really it was bad luck that they decided to group up. Stannis also tried to wrest the majority of the Bitterbridge forces to his side but his envoys got captured.
So yeah, I attribute a good bit of it to bad luck. The Tyrell Alliance, Edmure's folly, and the magic in the world allowing for far more wildfire to be made.
1322	Rockroi	2012-06-08	This is a tough topic for me and for many reasons, not least of which is that Stannis remains one of my favorite characters â<U+0080><U+0093> behind only Jaime and Tyrion (and Tyrion fell a ways after DwD).  The first post I EVER made on the old EZ Boards (the forerunner to this cite) was on Stannis (Why did Stannis choose Robert over Aerys? I said that it was because of Renly).  I think that Martonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s craft is extremely underrated, no more so in how Martin has exquisitely balanced Stannis between â<U+0080><U+009C>determined monsterâ<U+0080><U+009D> and righteous anti-hero.The show grazes but never embraces this texture.  Instead Stannis is an amalgam of contradictions- It tries to show Stannis as in thrall to a sorceress (but to a woman who- when faced with her own strangulation -does not so much as raise a finger against him?), but still monstrous in his aims; it shows a Stannis  determined enough to try to swallow the Iron Throne, but not focused enough to see Malâ<U+0080><U+0099>s aims; it wants Stannis to be â<U+0080><U+009C>justâ<U+0080><U+009D> but crazed enough to want to kill Mal; Stannis who hates adultery but fucks Mal; a Stannis who is cold and practical, and yet believes in sorcery fantasies and fire-viewingâ<U+0080>¦.And yetâ<U+0080>¦ maybe itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the actor maybe itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s his discussions with Davos (criminally underrated in the books and in the show); maybe its because the world does seem REALLY out to get him; maybe its because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the ONLY character who was feared and hated BEFORE we ever saw himâ<U+0080>¦ and yet, its working.I want to address some of the issues other boarders have brought up- and just to state that I think that everyone has brought some good thoughts to this discussion, but I think Stannis deserves a proper defense:In my IMHO, that was pathetic. Stannis is supposed to represent determination(to the point of stuborness at times), having him mop around about Renly(someone that declared himself as a enemy of Stannis) is just absurd.While I agree that Stannis represents determination, I disagree that that trait is somehow immune to regret.  Stannis lamented Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s death even in the books; he says in Clash â<U+0080><U+009C>I grieve for him (renly) as well. For the boy he was, not the man he grew to be.â<U+0080><U+009D> Martin, George R.R. (2003-01-01). A Game of Thrones/A Clash of Kings (Kindle Location 22746). Bantam. Kindle Edition.But moreso:â<U+0080><U+009C>Renly offered me a peach. At our parley. Mocked me, defied me, threatened me, and offered me a peach. I thought he was drawing a blade and went for mine own. Was that his purpose, to make me show fear? Or was it one of his pointless jests? When he spoke of how sweet the peach was, did his words have some hidden meaning?â<U+0080><U+009D> The king gave a shake of his head, like a dog shaking a rabbit to snap its neck. â<U+0080><U+009C>Only Renly could vex me so with a piece of fruit. He brought his doom on himself with his treason, but I did love him, Davos. I know that now. I swear, I will go to my grave thinking of my brotherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s peach.â<U+0080><U+009D> Martin, George R.R. (2003-01-01). A Game of Thrones/A Clash of Kings (Kindle Locations 22765-22770). Bantam. Kindle Edition.There can be little, if any, doubt that even in the moments after Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s death, Stannis felt remorse.  That does not mean that Stannis does not approve his own actions; just that he does not feel good- and maybe feels even a little sad â<U+0080><U+0093>from doing it.Tv viewers will see Stannis from now on as a Villain, and that seem to be the intent of the Show producers. I personally don't really care about Stannis/Melisandre storyline from now on, they coulld just have died in Blackwater battle for all i care.Well, for starters there is a reason Stannis did not die (it should be noted that Martin wrote the very episode wherein Stannis very well COULD have died had his role not been so critical).  Further, seeing someone as a villain is one thing; BEING an actual villain is quite another.  After all, movies and TV shows are built on claiming the maliciousness of one character when, in fact, that character could very well be viewed as the hero (this is very true in â<U+0080><U+009C>Unforgivenâ<U+0080><U+009D> in the character of Little Bill Daggett and in the TV show Deadwood in the character of Al Swearengen).  You can call Stannis a villain but if he does good thingsâ<U+0080>¦â<U+0080>¦ well, canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t the viewer be just as wrong as Renly and Varys?  Who claim that Stannis is this fearsome Leviathan who will do untold destruction to all?  I mean, isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it interesting that Stannis- a â<U+0080><U+009C>Rule of Lawâ<U+0080><U+009D> man if there ever was one- is seen as a monster when he is, in many ways, the most humane of all the leaders?  He doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t opt out of marriage contracts (Robb); he does not needlessly throw his men away on long marches (Tywin); he does not inflict unwarranted cruelty (Joff); he does not see war as a silly game (Renly).In other words, if this be it the villainâ<U+0080>¦ wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t his ascension to hero be all the more â<U+0080>¦ extraordinary (to the viewers)?  IF the producers say Stannis would make a bad king, does that make him a bad guy?  In fact, from what we have seen from Ned Starkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s horrifying Hand-ship, isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it up to the audience to decide how well good men would do when there is a â<U+0080><U+009C>bad manâ<U+0080><U+009D> in Stannis who could and would do better?And finally, if Stannis IS a villian... can we think of a more honorable and just one?the show gives the impression that he's lusting after the iron throne and the books give the obverse view of it, in that he believes it is his duty to be king. there were some changes i liked, stannis going up the ladder and fighting was one, but overall i think this season didn't spend enough time with him and he came off looking like a villain.I have already addressed the villainy angle.  However, an astute observer will note that Stannis NEVER says he â<U+0080><U+009C>wantsâ<U+0080><U+009D> the throne.  He IS the King (and I believe he says as much once in the show).  Stannis is the King and he acts like that.  Joff et al are abominations of incest (he says as much).  Therefore, its not that Stannis is this horrible usurper (he is in the eyes of the Lannisters); its that he is making a claim.  And that may appear selfish, but appearances are not the whole story.  now with melisandre, she's coming off as being a traditional witch that enchants the ruler of a realm, instead of religious fanatic who truely believes that stannis needs to be king. II disagree.  For starters, if Stannis WERE in her thrall, Stannis would not have dismissed her to Dragonstone prior to the battle, at Davos' request 9unless, of course you believe Stannis is also in Davos' thrall).  If Stannis WERE in her thrall he could never have been that hard-core, Lannister-killing, mother-fucker who was the first off the boats, first on the beach, first up the walls, first inside the castle, last guy to stop fighting.  And then there is the choke scene.  If Sannis was in her thrall why did she not beg him, plead with him, ORDER him to stop choking her?  Why does she say â<U+0080><U+009C>WE killed Renlyâ<U+0080><U+009D> when an appeal to his vanity would have served?  How come she does not so much as raise a finger to defend herself from Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> choke, knowing that he is more than capable of killing her?Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not what the puppeteer would do with their puppet.  I think the producers are creating a far more complex relationship here, far more reflective of the books.can't remember the context, i can't remember which book, but there's a line she says that i think is very revealing about her true nature. in effect she says "do you think i would travel half way around the world to put another king on a throne?" obviously not verbatim, but i think that melisandre is the one that should be built up instead of the strictly manipulative one we've been given.But remember, she says that in Dance with Dragons; book FIVE!  We just got done with book 2!  In other words,  it takes time to scoop up this relationship.  It took us FIVE books to finally get into Malâ<U+0080><U+0099>s head (through her first and only POV).  The show deserves the same exact accommodation you ave the booksâ<U+0080>¦. TIME!  Time for her to truly reveal herself; time for Stannis to grow on the audience- just like he grew on all of us (and the Northern hill tribes, it should be stated); time for people to understand him just as we understood Ned and Robb.Time.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the one resource we cannot just make more of.  Give it time.i always read that stannis was willing to do anything and everything to get the throne but that he cannot admit to himself that he really just wants it.No.  Here is what Stannis has said on the subject in the books:â<U+0080><U+009C>Why would you want it, then?â<U+0080><U+009D> Davos asked him.â<U+0080><U+009C>It is not a question of wanting. The throne is mine, as Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heir. That is law. After me, it must pass to my daughter, unless Selyse should finally give me a son.â<U+0080><U+009D> He ran three fingers lightly down the table, over the layers of smooth hard varnish, dark with age. â<U+0080><U+009C>I am king. Wants do not enter into it. I have a duty to my daughter. To the realm. Even to Robert. He loved me but little, I know, yet he was my brother. The Lannister woman gave him horns and made a motley fool of him. She may have murdered him as well, as she murdered Jon Arryn and Ned Stark. For such crimes there must be justice. Starting with Cersei and her abominations. But only starting. I mean to scour that court clean. As Robert should have done, after the Trident.   Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (pp. 410-411). Bantam. Kindle Edition.This is of critical importance- Stannis says that WANTING has nothing to do with him being King.  Yes, Stannis probably DOES want to be King (who wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t?), but that the WANT has no factor in his decision to make his claim.  Its justice; itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the LAW!  Stannis believes in justice and the rule of Law, not in â<U+0080><U+009C>Might Makes Right.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Robert died without legal issue, hence Stannis is King.  And he goes where the law dictates.Is he willing to do horrid things, like, say, murder Renly?  Yes, but he does not do other things- he will not follow Ser Axellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plan of attacking Claw Isle and bringing fiery retribution on the fiefdom of Lord Celtigar; he does not kill any traitors who swear fealty to him; he pardons wildings and traitors alike.In other words, there is a line.  And Stannis knows where it is.It really shows that Stannis is doing something, not just whining about what a bunch of traitors everybody except Davos is.Again, in Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> defense this is the result of two things- FIRST there being an EXCEPTIONAL amount of traitors in Westeros (anyone not for Stannis is, by definition, a traitor), and SECOND the fact that after Blackwater he does become rather impotent.  And its IN SPITE of this impotence and not because of it that he attacks the Wall which sort of torpedoes any theory that Stannis does not act with others in mind.  If Stannis was not thinking of the realm, why defend it?(Stannis) only backs down when he realizes that Melisandre, and her belief that he is the Chosen One of her god, are still his only hope left to succeed.You donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know that.  At all.  It could just as easily be that Stannis does not want to kill Mel because it would be a horrible act of cruelty, barbarism and evil.I don't know what gets me more upset - that Stannis has turned into unlikeable Robert 2.0 or that fans actually like that.Well, for starters they ARE brothers so some common traits would be expected.But heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not like Robert.  Unlike Robert, Stannis is a serious ruler; unlike Robert, Stannis actually listens to wise counsel; unlike Robert Stannis IS NOT in the thrall of a woman or her powerful family; Stannis is not blind to the limits of others; Stannis is not a slob or a brute.  Stannis does not brook ANY deception and always demands justice- even if he chops off the fingers of the man who saved his men and his wife; Robert did NOTHING like this to Varys, Pycelle, Selmy or, of course, Jaime.  Stannis is â<U+0080><U+009C>a serious manâ<U+0080><U+009D> while Robert was a fool.I'm still very upset about Stannis choking Melisandre. Stannis is not impulsive and violent. Nothing ever hinted that in the books. That is what Robert would do, not Stannis.In the books its described as follows:â<U+0080><U+009C>After the battle, when I was lost to despair, the Lady Melisandre bid me gaze into the hearthfire.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (p. 414). Bantam. Kindle Edition.So Stannis admits to be in despair which is clearly what he was suffering in that scene in Ep 10.The problem here is that for the purpose of showing something that should be clear right from the start (Stannis is not being manipulated), they are changing some of his character traits, making him act just like the brother he despises and complains about.No they are not; they are simply illuminating different facets of the relationship.  Its not a change.  Again in book two, it was â<U+0080><U+009C>hit or missâ<U+0080><U+009D> as to what Stannis and Melâ<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship was.  Its only through TIME that we can learn more.Let me ask you this: its noightime and you see what you think is a large hill off in the distance.  However, as night changes to day you realie that the Hill was actually another house.  Does this mean the hill "changed" into a house?  No.  It means thatwhat you thought was a Hill was actually a house.  Same with Stannis and Mel.  If Stannis is NOT in thrall with Mel then is that changing the story or is it revealng the story?Your description of Stannis military prowess reminds me of Sir Robin who nearly defeated the Chicken of Bristol. He was a minor general in Roberts great rebellion, he crushed the most powerful fleet? that was done by Stark etc at Pyke, he lost the sea and land battle at KL. His one triumph in GoT, the books, was when he surprised a disorganized "army" of wildlings and defeated them with an organized force, the same way the Night Watch had done for 1000 years before they lost nearly all their strength. I would not put my faith in Stannis to defeat the Lannisters in a fair fight, the Starks, or even his effete brother.None of this is true; none of it is believed by the characters in the books (which is more important).Stannis held Stormâ<U+0080><U+0099>s End when it should have fallen.  You calim that this was â<U+0080><U+009C>minor.â<U+0080><U+009D>  And yet, we have seen what losing oneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seat of power does to a rebel leaderâ<U+0080><U+0099>s effectiveness- once Robb lost Winterfell his head followed. The Tyrells are so petrified and resentful of Stannis for this that to this day they all despise him.Stannis destroyed the Ironborn Navy, a feat the Royal Navy and the Lannister Navy could not accomplish.  Nearly ten years after-the-fact, Victarion Greyjoy is STILL mortified at how Stannis crushed him.Stannis only lost the land and sea battle at Blackwater Rush with a combined effort of Tyrion Tywin, Highgarden, the entire West, and Aerys Targaryenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s forgotten wildfire.  Not since Voltron has more come together to defeat something.You said that the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch had been defeating wildings ofr 1000s of yearsâ<U+0080>¦ hmmmâ<U+0080>¦ funny because they seemed close to getting overrun before Stannis showed up; if they could have defeated Mace, how come they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t?   And Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> feat must be remembered in the context- what other military leader could have pulled off such a logistical and tactical marvel just a few weeks removed from such a horrible defeat?You then neglect to mention Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> ability to unikte the Northern tribes, his capture of Deepwood Motte nor his march on Winterfell.And you also neglect to mention that EVERY SINGLE major military leader is scared shitless of Stannis.  Varys says as much to Ned; Tywin says as much to Tyrion; Cersei says as much to Sansa and Tyrion.  They know.I would say Stannis has the best chance to defeat Stark and Lannister alike.Stannis wouldn't make a good king. I thought it was not so subtle that if you put Stannis' best characteristics with Renly's best characteristics you would have a good king.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see this at all, because that was Robert and Robert was an absolutely horrible King (this cannot be stressed enough).   Robert was such a fucking terrible kIng that the moment after he died the realm blew apart at the seems. Stannis is not the ruler Robert was, not the King Renly would have been- both enthralled to more powerful houses (Lannister and Tyrell).  Stannis was not tethered to a more p[owerful faction, hence part of the fear towards him.Exactly right. Good generals avoid putting themselves in a position where there are surprised by an attack in the rear, by scouting the enemy in one or many ways. Bad generals fling caution to the wind as if they were undefeatable. In the case where they are surprised, only superior morale and tactics may win the day. Stannis' army displayed none of that.We actually do not know if Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> scouts saw the approaching army and warned of this once they could.  Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> attack was rapid; he made a lot happen in a very short time.  Its very possible that he DID have a rear guard and scouts and they DID warn him; but by then it was far too late. We are never told.  When the hammer blow did finally fall it was so overwhelming that Satnnis forces were in no position to defend despite any plea to discipline and morale.  Prior to that Stannis' forces displayed TREMENNDOUS amounts of nboth- the troops stayed true and in control after the Wildfire AND after ships started exploding, going so far as to use ships as bridges in order to take the city.Also, at the time Blackwater started the Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s were NOWHERE to be found and Tywin was in the Riverlands.  A rear guard or scouts were probably not thinking about THAT type of combination and onslaught (the reader certainly was not) was possible.  The fact that they combined to take him down does not make Stannis a bad general; it just means he cannot predict the future.He wants to kill an innocent child, Edric Storm. Davos then convinces him to instead head to the wall.Stannis does not want to; he fights it every step of the way, and finally gives inâ<U+0080>¦ right before Davos talks him out of it.  In other words, Stannis LISTENS to wise counsel.He didn't go to the wall for the good of the realm. He went to gain an army in the north so he could try again to gain the crown.Okay, now its just devolved into bullshit.  This is simply not true.  Stannis NEVER orders or cajoles or even REQUESTS that any man- not ONE SINGLE MAN â<U+0080><U+0093>join him.  He does ask for Jon Snow to take Winterfellâ<U+0080>¦ which just makes sense given the fragmentation of the North.  And Jonâ<U+0080>¦ thinks about it long and hard.  Hmmmâ<U+0080>¦ I wonder why?Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s in the North because the bad guys are in the North.  Simple as that. When we all know the real battle at the wall is coming. What does Stannis do? He can't wait to get away from the wall to recruit an army.Not entirely true; Jon Snow wants him to go South as well and rescue the North from the clutches of Bolton and Ramsey (and not be bothering him).  And for really good reason.  Also, Stannis keeps his wife, daughter and troops there along withâ<U+0080>¦ Melâ<U+0080>¦ wonder why?  If Stannis was just going to rush all the South, why leave everything there?  Makes no sense.Because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming back.Bank on it.In the end, the show has Stannis riding a far more tenuous line and I agree with many PARTS of the prior critisism.  At the same time, the story is not over; the tale has not be fully told.  We need time.  Time to see Stannis' growth and development; his evolution and his adaptation.  Stannis- for all his faults -is capable of true evolution.  Something that other characters -Ned, Joff, Tywin, Robb, Cat, Viserys, Robert, Renly etc - were not able to embrace.And that's why Stannis is here and they are not.  Give it time.  The ... adaptation... is not over.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 08 June 2012 - 01:34 PM.
1323	Ser Giant	2012-06-08	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
Well said, my thoughts in a very gigantic nutshell!
1324	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-08	And finally, if Stannis IS a villian... can we think of a more honorable and just one?I disagree.  For starters, if Stannis WERE in her thrall, Stannis would not have dismissed her to Dragonstone prior to the battle, at Davos' request 9unless, of course you believe Stannis is also in Davos' thrall).  If Stannis WERE in her thrall he could never have been that hard-core, Lannister-killing, mother-fucker who was the first off the boats, first on the beach, first up the walls, first inside the castle, last guy to stop fighting.And then there is the choke scene.  If Sannis was in her thrall why did she not beg him, plead with him, ORDER him to stop choking her?  Why does she say â<U+0080><U+009C>WE killed Renlyâ<U+0080><U+009D> when an appeal to his vanity would have served?  How come she does not so much as raise a finger to defend herself from Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> choke, knowing that he is more than capable of killing her?Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not what the puppeteer would do with their puppet.  I think the producers are creating a far more complex relationship here, far more reflective of the books.Is he willing to do horrid things, like, say, murder Renly?  Yes, but he does not do other things- he will not follow Ser Axellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plan of attacking Claw Isle and bringing fiery retribution on the fiefdom of Lord Celtigar; he does not kill any traitors who swear fealty to him; he pardons wildings and traitors alike.Again, in Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> defense this is the result of two things- FIRST there being an EXCEPTIONAL amount of traitors in Westeros (anyone not for Stannis is, by definition, a traitor), and SECOND the fact that after Blackwater he does become rather impotent.  And its IN SPITE of this impotence and not because of it that he attacks the Wall which sort of torpedoes any theory that Stannis does not act with others in mind.  If Stannis was not thinking of the realm, why defend it?Stannis does not brook ANY deception and always demands justice- even if he chops off the fingers of the man who saved his men and his wifeI donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see this at all, because that was Robert and Robert was an absolutely horrible King (this cannot be stressed enough).   Robert was such a fucking terrible kIng that the moment after he died the realm blew apart at the seems.We actually do not know if Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> scouts saw the approaching army and warned of this once they could.  Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> attack was rapid; he made a lot happen in a very short time.  Its very possible that he DID have a rear guard and scouts and they DID warn him; but by then it was far too late. We are never told.  When the hammer blow did finally fall it was so overwhelming that Satnnis forces were in no position to defend despite any plea to discipline and morale.  Prior to that Stannis' forces displayed TREMENNDOUS amounts of nboth- the troops stayed true and in control after the Wildfire AND after ships started exploding, going so far as to use ships as bridges in order to take the city.Also, at the time Blackwater started the Tyrellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s were NOWHERE to be found and Tywin was in the Riverlands.  A rear guard or scouts were probably not thinking about THAT type of combination and onslaught (the reader certainly was not) was possible.  The fact that they combined to take him down does not make Stannis a bad general; it just means he cannot predict the future.Stannis does not want to; he fights it every step of the way, and finally gives inâ<U+0080>¦ right before Davos talks him out of it.  In other words, Stannis LISTENS to wise counsel.Okay, now its just devolved into bullshit.  This is simply not true.  Stannis NEVER orders or cajoles or even REQUESTS that any man- not ONE SINGLE MAN â<U+0080><U+0093>join him.  He does ask for Jon Snow to take Winterfellâ<U+0080>¦ which just makes sense given the fragmentation of the North.  And Jonâ<U+0080>¦ thinks about it long and hard.  Hmmmâ<U+0080>¦ I wonder why?Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s in the North because the bad guys are in the North.  Simple as that.Not entirely true; Jon Snow wants him to go South as well and rescue the North from the clutches of Bolton and Ramsey (and not be bothering him).  And for really good reason.  Also, Stannis keeps his wife, daughter and troops there along withâ<U+0080>¦ Melâ<U+0080>¦ wonder why?  If Stannis was just going to rush all the South, why leave everything there?  Makes no sense.Because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming back.Bank on it.In the end, the show has Stannis riding a far more tenuous line and I agree with many PARTS of the prior critisism.  At the same time, the story is not over; the tale has not be fully told.  We need time.  Time to see Stannis' growth and development; his evolution and his adaptation.Wow I was trying to decide whether to read ADWD again or your post. HaHa just kidding. All I can do is try to go line by line here so I hope you can stay with me(not an insult just its a lot of material here). You will have to refer to the quote above and I will try and answer for each line in turn.Honorable or just one...the kinslayer is the most accursed of men so yea pretty much anyone(other than the mountain and Jof). Then we have the puppet and in thrall with Mel statements. I do think Mel could totally destroy Stannis when he is choking her but she doesn't lift a finger to defend because she knows she can still manipulate him. I'm not saying he is without his own thought and motivations but that she is manipulating. What better way to show faith in your manipulation than not lifting a finger in your own self defense relying only on words. Do you think she has no way of defending herself? What would a puppeteer do to a puppet if not this. If she fights and kills him right then and there what does she have? No puppet thats for sure. I am just using your words here I don't believe he is an absolute puppet but she is doing a good job of getting him to do what she says for the most part.He doesn't go to Claw island because it doesn't gain him the crown. Justice would dictate he goes there and deals with there treachery. So if he was so just this would have to be done and he can do it without losing his armies. So if his character was as you describe he would have to do it. Also in one sentence you are saying he has to kill his brother because he so just. Then a few sentences later you talk of his not killing traitors as long as they now become apart of his army.?.? So he is for the exact rule of law but as long as you stop being a traitor now and join him your pardoned. I think you see here how much he has changed. Davos saved him and his wifes life but he still chops off his finger tips. What has changed? Mel is in Stannis life. So when you speak of his character to me at least there is a big difference between Stannis before Mel and after clearly. I think that is the evolution you are speaking of Pre Mel and post Mel Stannis.Now we see that you explain that in spite of his impotence he goes to defend the realm at the wall. You are intitled to your opinion of course but mine differs. I would say that his army was crushed so he needs a new one. Where can he go to recruit men since he has few friends because of his lack of charisma or social skills or just his Aspergers(whatever you want to call it). The north of course where there king has been slain. So I would say is impotence drives him to the wall so he can be seen as savior to the realm to gather the northmen to his cause. If he always felt it was such a just cause he would have been sending men to the wall for years. So all these years go by without one mention of all the men Stannis is sending to protect the realm at the wall. Then what changed? Stannis got defeated and lost most of his army.I even disagree somewhat on Robert being a horrible king. I think he started out as a solid king but then it ruined and corrupted him. As for the realm shattering as soon as he died thats not exactly the case. Jof is what did that. The north didn't rise up in rebellion because Robert Baratheon died. Further more I think your point explains how important Robert was as king. Him on the throne =peace and all the men in Westeros followed this and didn't rebel. Even though he just seemed to drink and whore his time there the realm prospered. And obeyed the law. So he was such a strong king noone would dare take up arms against him. The Greyjoys rebelled but isn't that what they do fight not farm. So you say he was such a horrible king and that is why everything fell apart upon his death. I say he was a solid king that held everything together while he was alive.So where are we at? He (Stannis) always demands justice. Even your own words dispel this."He pardons wildlings and traitors alike."Then you try and defend that he has no rear guard. Sorry but in my mind if you aren't protecting your flanks and rear that makes you a really sloppy General. Of course, I have to throw in that if Stannis made a lot happen in a short time he would have taken the poorly manned castle at KL. Its battle! Unless your plan is to starve out the enemy in the castle things happen fast. This is just called warfare. And I thought using the ships as bridges was pretty much Stannis' battle plan(changed somewhat by wildfire). Then you are saying something about him not predicting the future. Clearly the Tyrells were against him as well as Tywin so not knowing where your enemies armies are does not make you a great commander. Knowing whether your enemies troops are within striking distance is important for any commander. So if you call that predicting the future then every great commander hell even decent commander would have to know this."Stannis is in the north because the bad guys are in the north simple as that" your quote. I don't think so. Bad guys as far as Stannis is concerned are everywhere. The only potential friendlies are in the north is more like it. "Stannis doesn't ask for ONE SINGLE MAN".? Stannis is going to take an army of wildlings with him to battle south of the wall is he not? He gets talked out of this by Snow who explains to him how he can gather up some northern tribes but that they will not except him with wildling amongst his troops. He leaves his wife and daughter at the wall so they aren't in the middle of all the forced marching and fighting. He does the same at Castle Black. His wife and daughter come later after the battle. Why couldn't they do the same this time. So whether his plan is to come back to the wall and fight for the realm in the most important battle or to gain an army to make a run for the crown is yet to be unfolded. If he is still alive of course.I am very appreciative of your post and don't want you to think I am attacking you just offering a different opinion.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 08 June 2012 - 08:25 PM.
1325	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-08	I didn't get in the quote of where you make it seem like Stannis listens to wise council from Davos concerning going to the wall versus killing Edric Storm. He does take this wise council from Davos agreed. But you make it seem like he would just listen and take it even if Edric was there. The facts are he had decided to kill Edric and would have done so had Davos not shipped him out. So yes he listens to wise council but only because he doesn't have much of a choice. If Edric would have still been at Dragonstone Stannis first would have killed him and if that didn't work maybe he would then listen to Davos. Davos was giving him council the whole time to not do this. He only listened when he didn't have much else for options.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 08 June 2012 - 08:31 PM.
1326	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-08	Sorry I wanted to hit edit so I could add the line "If he is still alive" and hit quote instead
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 08 June 2012 - 08:29 PM.
1327	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-08	Well, no. Stannis helped hold the Wall once, his justification being the one given to Davos "...Save the realm to win the throne, instead of win the throne to save the realm". Anything else really is a supposition given that we've yet to get a Stannis POV in order to really understand his motives or reasoning for aiding the Wall. Given the above as well as George R.R Martin's conviction that "...the series title reminds us constantly that the real issue lies in the North beyond the Wall.  I think it's safe to say Stannis' actions were largely motivated by a real desire to save the realm, not just to rally the Northmen to his cause and continue the fight That is the heart of it isn't it. Save the realm to win the throne. Really what Stannis did wasn't saving the realm by fighting the Wildlings was it? The Wildlings weren't going to crush Westeros. So even in this statement how else to take it other than its all about perception. Fight the wildlings at the wall so the North will rally to your cause(for their perceived savior). That and fighting back against pretenders in the north.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 08 June 2012 - 10:47 PM.
1328	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-09	Means to an end. Save the realm to win the throne.
1329	Harrad	2012-06-09	Looking at the big picture, I don't see Stannis as either the savior of the realm or the winner of the throne. If there was any sense in the way Kingdoms are run he would be the rightful heir of Robert, first of his name. Why was Robert first of his name? Because he had rebelled against the last "rightful king." And why was Targaryan the rightful king? Because his family has beaten the last 7 "rightful" kings. Mebe you all havent been paying attention to real life but heriditary absolute monarchy's are for shit. In the Darwinian evolution of human ruling systems how many are left? So Stannis has the same "right" as anyone else...if he can win it, he gets it.
In the final anlaysis the only vote that matter for Stannis, is GRRM's. And I don't see GRRM picking Stannis out of the current contenders. Dany has a better right than Stannis, since her right precedes his. I dont see GRRM picking her either. I wonder whether GRRM is going to let any heriditary absolute monarch win. It would be very cool if he did not.
1330	Aetherick	2012-06-09	In the books it is mentioned that Stannis did have scouts and outriders but Tyrions wildmen kept harassing and killing them all even when stannis' troops burned the forest to flush them out. So people saying that he did not post scouts and outriders are wrong, it's just that Tyrion did the smart thing and sent his wildmen to kill them all with guerilla tactics. Also there was a rearguard, because that's how Stannis escaped the battle. The Bastard of Nightsong led a rearguard charge so the rest could retreat.
1331	Harrad	2012-06-09	In the books it is mentioned that Stannis did have scouts and outriders but Tyrions wildmen kept harassing and killing them all even when stannis' troops burned the forest to flush them out.War is measures and countermeasures. If Stannis at the end is surprised in the rear, that's his fault. The buck stops with the commanding general.
1332	Lord Wadsworth	2012-06-09	I think there's a lot of Stannis hate just spilling into this thread, not really accounting for actual conditions just their general dislike for Stannis.
1333	Harrad	2012-06-09	I think there's a lot of Stannis hate just spilling into this thread, not really accounting for actual conditions just their general dislike for Stannis.Get a grip. Stannis is a fictional character that his boosters here want to say is a great general and all around shoo-in for the unsullied Iron Crown. So far he is 1*-1 in battles (*victory over Renly's forces enabled by murder of Renley). He is in the middle of the pack of contenders at best.
1334	Rockroi	2012-06-09	Get a grip. Stannis is a fictional character that his boosters here want to say is a great general and all around shoo-in for the unsullied Iron Crown. So far he is 1*-1 in battles (*victory over Renly's forces enabled by murder of Renley). He is in the middle of the pack of contenders at best.Wait... who... who has to get a grip again?
1335	DurararaFTW	2012-06-09	War is measures and countermeasures. If Stannis at the end is surprised in the rear, that's his fault. The buck stops with the commanding general.And it's ultimately nobody but Tyrion's fault that Tywin's rescue ever needed, or an nobody but his owns fault that Jaime was ever captured, and Tywin's fault that he ghot his ass handed to be him Robb all war long and renlys fault that he didn't see Melisandre coming, or at least some trick nehind his brothers confidence despite his numbers. That don't make them bad battlecommanders.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 09 June 2012 - 04:16 PM.
1336	from the arbor	2012-06-09	Get a grip. Stannis is a fictional character that his boosters here want to say is a great general and all around shoo-in for the unsullied Iron Crown. So far he is 1*-1 in battles (*victory over Renly's forces enabled by murder of Renley). He is in the middle of the pack of contenders at best.No one is saying he's the greatest general of all time. He might be mediocre, but compared to other generals in the books he's very good.
1337	Harrad	2012-06-09	And it's ultimately nobody but Tyrion's fault that Tywin's rescue ever needed, or an nobody but his owns fault that Jaime was ever captured, and Tywin's fault that he ghot his ass handed to be him Robb all war long and renlys fault that he didn't see Melisandre coming, or at least some trick nehind his brothers confidence despite his numbers. That don't make them bad battlecommanders.Renley wasn't a commanding general. He was a poor sap murdered by a supernatural being. Robb is proven to be a better tactician than all the Lannisters put together. Its his strategy that is suspect. Jaime is a good hand-to-hand fighter, but as a commanding general, rather lacking. Stannis is the middle of the pack as shown by his battlefield results.
1338	Aetherick	2012-06-09	War is measures and countermeasures. If Stannis at the end is surprised in the rear, that's his fault. The buck stops with the commanding general.Sure war is measures and countermeasures but I was just pointing out that he did, in fact have scouts and outriders. There's a huge difference between being incompetent and having no scouts and making precautions but being countered by an equally intelligent enemy commander.
1339	Tetrarch42	2012-06-09	That is the heart of it isn't it. Save the realm to win the throne. Really what Stannis did wasn't saving the realm by fighting the Wildlings was it? The Wildlings weren't going to crush Westeros. So even in this statement how else to take it other than its all about perception. Fight the wildlings at the wall so the North will rally to your cause(for their perceived savior). That and fighting back against pretenders in the north.Davos makes Stannis aware that the Wall is at serious risk of being overtaken by the Wildlings, which would lead to thousands of potentially violent, and certainly deperate people being set free in Westeros. If the Night's Watch falls then there's nobody to guard the Wall from the Others, which are an existential risk to the entire realm(as Melisandre and Stannis are well aware of). The Wildlings won't help hold the Wall, certainly not with a voice of reason like Jon, Mance, Tormund, Stannis, and the Magnar getting together to unite them with purpose.The Wildlings weren't going to crush Westeros, and nobody suggested so. They would however crush the Wall, and the Night's Watch, the military order dedicated to "defending the realm from what lies beyond".
1340	Harrad	2012-06-09	Sure war is measures and countermeasures but I was just pointing out that he did, in fact have scouts and outriders. There's a huge difference between being incompetent and having no scouts and making precautions but being countered by an equally intelligent enemy commander.I agree with you. He wasn't a moron, as for example, Joffrey would be as a commanding general. He was mediocre. He had a decent plan but not a great one. A decent plan has a 50-50 chance of winning. A great plan is 90-10. A great general stacks the odds in his favor.
1341	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	In my IMHO, that was pathetic. Stannis is supposed to represent determination(to the point of stuborness at times), having him mop around about Renly(someone that declared himself as a enemy of Stannis) is just absurd. Tv viewers will see Stannis from now on as a Villain, and that seem to be the intent of the Show producers. I personally don't really care about Stannis/Melisandre storyline from now on, they coulld just have died in Blackwater battle for all i care.Based on their interpretation of Stannis (we all interpret things differently) from the "Extras" on HBOGo They see Stannis as a guy who has honor but who is so stubborn that he will DO ANYTHING to get the crown that he believes that is his. While Ned was an honorable good person, Stannis is a stubborn person who only sees things his way.
1342	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-09	There are some statements here I can agree with. I think every major house in Westeros is too blame for the wall not being manned properly except the Starks. I also like the idea of none of the hereditary monarch lines winning the throne but it going to a guy like Davos Seaworth. If he continues his learning of reading and writing he could make a great king. I think we could keep going with more characters that have no supposed right to the throne and that could prove very interesting.
1343	Tetrarch42	2012-06-10	There are some statements here I can agree with. I think every major house in Westeros is too blame for the wall not being manned properly except the Starks. I also like the idea of none of the hereditary monarch lines winning the throne but it going to a guy like Davos Seaworth. If he continues his learning of reading and writing he could make a great king. I think we could keep going with more characters that have no supposed right to the throne and that could prove very interesting.I certainly don't think Stannis is faultless, he's obviously very conflicted and even somewhat broken but I think the broad strokes of the character are; determined, righteous, loyal, selfless, and oddly enough, humble. Stannis as King with Davos as his Hand would make for the best rule during the coming Long Night I feel. Stannis is utterly determined and has an adamant dedication to his percieved duty as a King, to defend the realm. But that determination is also a fault, he's willing to stoop to detestable levels(like willing to sacrifice Edric Storm) unless his personality is tempered by someone like Davos.Edit: I think Davos is one of the only characters who can be considered truly moral.
					
					
							Edited by Tetrarch42, 10 June 2012 - 12:07 AM.
1344	Harrad	2012-06-10	Edit: I think Davos is one of the only characters who can be considered truly moral.Among the "moral" characters are all the Starks (can't really think of any of them that isnt), Tyrion (yes him), Dany, Night Watch Commander, Blackfish, The Dancing Master, and even Bronn in his own way. There's plenty of morality if you look for it.
1345	Ser Giant	2012-06-10	"truly moral" not "has done a moral thing once in there life." Dany may as well be the wicked witch of the east, she has done awful things and her entire existence is about her and her alone. The same can be argued for Tyrion. Bronn is a sellsword and killed his way to the top for things.
The Starks, to a certain extent sure, the others we don't know enough about to comment.
1346	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-10	Bronn, he of the "how much?" to murdering a baby, is moral?  Really?  Bronn is about as amoral as they come.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 10 June 2012 - 11:18 AM.
1347	baxter	2012-06-10	First off, I despised book Stannis until he got to the Wall, and even then I find him so one dimensional that he isn't enjoyable.  So I'm a bit surprised people consider him their favorite character.  He's almost unbearable to read about. 
Secondly, people need to accept this is a TV show that is going to be an adaptation of the books.  They have to change it up to make it acceptable to a broad audience.  Not to mention, GRRM has written this for the better part of two decades and is heavily involved in the show and has decades of experience with TV writing. You don't think after the long period between the early novels and the latest that he may have wanted to change certain things?  This was originally written as a trilogy and after every book he realized he would have to write more books.  Heck, he's even said that because certain characters have hit it off so well on screen that he may write more lines for them in the future.
Lastly, I thought the scene was brilliant, it shows exactly how powerless Mel really is outside of her magic (and that she accepts it by not fighting back), it shows that Stannis has resolve and self realization, and that he also has control over his actions.  I don't know why people complain about this being like a soap opera, the whole book series is sprawling soap opera.  
You should at least be happy that the season has been a massive success, because that means the budget will swell while they split ASoS into two seasons.  That means we actually will get more detailed episodes, characters, and battle sequences that don't have to be refined to night time attacks to limit scope.
1348	Jory	2012-06-10	You should at least be happy that the season has been a massive success, because that means the budget will swell while they split ASoS into two seasons.  That means we actually will get more detailed episodes, characters, and battle sequences that don't have to be refined to night time attacks to limit scope.Half of those episodes will revolve around Ros' badass (yet still undeniably sexy) spy adventures in a world of intrigue and eunuchs.
1349	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-11	Get a grip. Stannis is a fictional character that his boosters here want to say is a great general and all around shoo-in for the unsullied Iron Crown. So far he is 1*-1 in battles (*victory over Renly's forces enabled by murder of Renley). He is in the middle of the pack of contenders at best.Stannis is only 1-1 in battles that we readers have personally witnessed. Stannis has a career of victories before we start seeing things from the point of view of the characters. You are using selective evidence in your analysis. Napoleon lost a major battle in his career too. If we started reading about him right before Waterloo, that doesn't mean his past accomplishments go away.
1350	RPGDarkLord101	2012-06-16	Looking at the big picture, I don't see Stannis as either the savior of the realm or the winner of the throne. If there was any sense in the way Kingdoms are run he would be the rightful heir of Robert, first of his name. Why was Robert first of his name? Because he had rebelled against the last "rightful king." And why was Targaryan the rightful king? Because his family has beaten the last 7 "rightful" kings. Mebe you all havent been paying attention to real life but heriditary absolute monarchy's are for shit. In the Darwinian evolution of human ruling systems how many are left? So Stannis has the same "right" as anyone else...if he can win it, he gets it.In the final anlaysis the only vote that matter for Stannis, is GRRM's. And I don't see GRRM picking Stannis out of the current contenders. Dany has a better right than Stannis, since her right precedes his. I dont see GRRM picking her either. I wonder whether GRRM is going to let any heriditary absolute monarch win. It would be very cool if he did not.I agree.
1351	Jojosh	2012-06-16	Half of those episodes will revolve around Ros' badass (yet still undeniably sexy) spy adventures in a world of intrigue and eunuchs.Well if her storyline turns into that count me in
1352	arya horsefaceless	2012-06-17	I Love the Book Stannis more than any character in the series, and honestly I've warmed up to this TV Stannis as well, but at the same time my non-book reading friends now think Stannis is evil, re-watching the entire season with them last night, I can see it, and it makes me sad.Well, after COK I though Stannis was bad news.  I really didn't start liking him till he saved the wall.
1353	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-20	From Mel's lines "you will betray the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear" I got the impression that Stannis eventually will become the Nights King leading the WW, considering D&D know about how the story is going to end.What do you think?I think that when Mel told Stannis he would betray "the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear."  We've been operating under the assumption that she's talking about Stannis.  Before that, when he is choking her asking where her god is, she replies "inside you."  A reference to AA, and I think that might be a reason she didn't fight back during the choke.  Whatever else she is, Mel genuinely believes in R'hllor and that Stannis is his messiah, a part of her not fighting back might be that if her messiah were to kill her, it is the will of R'hllor.  But maybe not, don't know if I really believe that just throwing it out there.Anyway, we (the book readers) know that when she's at the wall and asking for visions of AA, all she sees is snow.  Now, we were wondering what she meant/how to interpret what she said when she told Stannis you will betray everything, but we know what Stannis does in later books and we know he doesn't really do any of that.  Maybe in a metaphorical sense, but that's the best I could come up with.But taking the interpretation that she's seeing Jon in the fire and doesn't realize it, everything she says to Stannis makes perfect sense, and does happen to Jon.  In fact, in this very episode, a mere 10 - 15 minutes after this is when Jon kills Qhorin.  Jon will betray his vow to the NW with Ygritte (although who can blame him), he then betrayed the Wildlings by going back to the NW, and the he will seen by some to betray the NW itself in Dance when he let's the Wildlings south.So basically we have Mel telling us everything Jon is going to do, but thinking it's going to happen to Stannis.  I think this might be a really backhanded clue that Jon = AA is true.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 20 June 2012 - 03:36 PM.
1354	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-26	I don't see how you came to that conclusion. If she was reading these prophecies it could make sense. She is seeing her visions from Rhollar so I don't see how she confuses who Stannis' image and J. Snow's. She does have several visions about J. Snow. I don't see her visions as this is what happens to AA but what is happening to specific faces she is seeing. So I can totally buy that she misreads Stannis as AA but not that what she sees happening to Stannis is really what happens to Snow.
1355	Volantis	2012-09-28	Do you guys think he actually saw something in the fire, or was that just a Mel's trick?This is what he sawhttp://urlivinginafa...w-in-the-flames
1356	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-12	All I can say is that Melissandre is probably the skinniest and hottest pregnant woman Ive ever seen.
1357	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-12	This is what he sawhttp://urlivinginafa...w-in-the-flamesHahha, nice one
1358	HedgeKnight Watson	2013-03-22	I found Mel's response to choking more interesting. She didn't try to stop Stannis, nor did she coughed or breathed hard after the choking. I think it was interestingly ambiguos if she can even be choked to death.If you listen to the director's commentary on the finale episode, he notes that there's apparently something behind the robotic, lifeless way Melisandre gets back up onto her feet after Stannis chokes her to the floor. Quite what that 'something' is, I don't know, but if it's been noted...
1359	SelaBela	2013-03-23	If you listen to the director's commentary on the finale episode, he notes that there's apparently something behind the robotic, lifeless way Melisandre gets back up onto her feet after Stannis chokes her to the floor. Quite what that 'something' is, I don't know, but if it's been noted...Creepy! /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' /> I'm not in the camp that believes Melisandre is dead, or revived in anyway, but I think she's old.  Older than she appears. There's definitely a creepy factor to her.
1360	ThePosterThatWasPromised	2014-02-02	Creepy!  I'm not in the camp that believes Melisandre is dead, or revived in anyway, but I think she's old. Older than she appears. There's definitely a creepy factor to her.


He could not choke her to death, because she is not alive.
Â 
That is why Cressers poison did not work on her either.
Â 
She is far far older than she looks.
1361	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	I'm sad to see another great season of Game of Thrones go so I wanted to add a (hopefully) fun post for us.
I absolutely love reading theories on the series and especially enjoy seeing the ideas and reactions of non-readers and how they interpret where the show is going.
My current favorite is that the White Walker on the horse that Sam sees is Benjen Stark. I've seen some detailed arguments about it - he has long hair, his horse was black - and am so surprised to see it is really picking up speed as a valid theory.
What are your favorite theories that you've seen by non-readers (on the web or those you watch the show with)?
1362	Lord Balbi	2012-06-06	Oh, good topic! I though about that:
Well, my fiancA©e is convinced Arya is eventually going to be the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch (well..who knows?)
Not exactly a theory but a friend was happy after "Blackwater" because Tyrion was finally going to get the respect he deserves from his father (poor man..)
I hope this topic catches on, I would like to read some non-reader crazy-theories..
1363	Zeromus	2012-06-06	That Joffrey and Sansa will go to a relationship counsellor and from thereon will be happily married.
1364	Jolene Brown	2012-06-06	I liked the one about how Cat might be having Brienne take Jaime somewhere safe like Riverrun to hold him so Karstark wouldn't kill him, but not actually to King's Landing.  I mean, dude - this is show CAT.  As if she would think of something that makes that much sense.
1365	sumpthy	2012-06-06	Not exactly a theory but a friend was happy after "Blackwater" because Tyrion was finally going to get the respect he deserves from his father (poor man..)Along similar lines, I know people who are happy because Dany is 'finally' going to Westeros...
1366	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-06	Along similar lines, I know people who are happy because Dany is 'finally' going to Westeros...Oh snap...
1367	Roose Seal	2012-06-06	Along similar lines, I know people who are happy because Dany is 'finally' going to Westeros...Won't they be bummed when they find out that the big twist of the series is that Dany's ships drown crossing the Narrow Sea. She was born in a storm, she will die in a storm.
1368	rebel	2012-06-06	First someone told me they were convinced Sansa becomes Cersei 2.0 after Cersei dies. They did ask me however if Sansa would incest with Jon Snow...
1369	The Monkey	2012-06-06	I remember last season someone thought Shae was a Targaryen because she could stand the heat of the candle wax in her "game" with Bronn and Tyrion in episode 8/9.
1370	JoramunsKazoo	2012-06-06	I've read all the books, but I recall the theories I had before I started ASoS:
- Arya will find Rob/Cat.
- Jaime will be traded for Sansa and some sort of treaty.
- Dany sails to Westeros.
- Robb regains the North.
- Dany allies with Dorne, and fights against Kings Landing. (eventually conquering).
- Dany fights with Robb for a while, and eventually they ally against the greater threat of the Others.
Man, how that flipped after the RW, but I imagine others had or have similar theories at this point.
1371	TheEvilKing	2012-06-06	- Dany sails to Westeros.I'm hoping this is still a valid theory!I asked my friend who would win the battle at King's Landing. He thought Stannis would easily win, but Joff and the Lannisters wouldn't die, they'd just run away.Haven't spoken to him since the Blackwater ep but I'll be interested to hear what he thinks will happen next season.
1372	The Monkey	2012-06-06	This Unsullied forum is very interesting:http://forums.televi...3204374&st=3810Most of them are really quite clever. They have for example almost taken for granted that Robb will die soon, as a result of his romance with, and marriage to, Talisa.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 06 June 2012 - 10:59 AM.
1373	Morvran	2012-06-06	I'm a reader as well, but as I was reading I had a few of these same theories (Robb winning the North and Sansa becoming Cersei 2.0 being a couple of them).  Another I had early on and carried for quite some time was that Jon and Dany were destined to come to blows and then become lovers.  yeah...
1374	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	On Winter is Coming website, a couple people thought the old White Walker on the dead horse in the final scene was Benjen Stark (same long hair). Someone else thought it looked like Tywin Lannister and perhaps was a demonic double of him.
1375	sarah.jenice	2012-06-06	Thank you all for responding, and I hope more people do, too.On Winter is Coming website, a couple people thought the old White Walker on the dead horse in the final scene was Benjen Stark (same long hair). Someone else thought it looked like Tywin Lannister and perhaps was a demonic double of him.I've seen another one that I loved. The White Walker on the horse is the Mad King, Aerys Targaryen, because his hair is white.I think the comment you are referring to from Winteriscoming.net is the one that gave me the idea to start this thread:i got it [Benjen is a WW] at the end, when the white walkers came and they panned up from the black white walker horse and the guy on top to me looked like a dead ass version of benjin because we never heard anything about him being alive since he left in season one and his horse was black and benjin had long hair about the same length of the white walker they shown. so yea thats my reasoningAlso, a friend asked me if this is going to be like the Matrix and Dany is "The One" because the visions she saw were traps trying to keep her from her destiny of saving the world.
					
					
							Edited by sarah.jenice, 06 June 2012 - 11:29 AM.
1376	sarah.jenice	2012-06-06	I remember last season someone thought Shae was a Targaryen because she could stand the heat of the candle wax in her "game" with Bronn and Tyrion in episode 8/9.I've never heard that one!
1377	sarah.jenice	2012-06-06	Oh, good topic! I though about that:Well, my fiancA©e is convinced Arya is eventually going to be the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch (well..who knows?)Not exactly a theory but a friend was happy after "Blackwater" because Tyrion was finally going to get the respect he deserves from his father (poor man..)I hope this topic catches on, I would like to read some non-reader crazy-theories..Thank you!!
1378	Morvran	2012-06-06	I just asked my non-reader friend if she had any theories.  She said she didn't really because from what she's seen there's no telling what will happen to anyone.  But she loves Sansa and thinks she will get her revenge on Joffrey.  And she thinks Robb is screwed.
1379	FantA´me	2012-06-06	I've seen some people arguing that Dany will or should stay in Qarth because there's nobody left and she'll have time to get stronger before sailing to westeros.
And apparently they also have the Syrio=Jaqen theory .
1380	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	And she thinks Robb is screwed.You don't need a crystal ball or a copy of a Storm of Swords to figure that one out :-D
1381	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	Also, a friend asked me if this is going to be like the Matrix and Dany is "The One" because the visions she saw were traps trying to keep her from her destiny of saving the world.My sense from the TV show is that this "theory" is essentially true.The ruined throne room was a trap--note how she almost touches the throne and then recoils, realizing it isn't real.  I think this indicates that if she would have sat upon the throne, she would be stuck in the HotU forever.Likewise notice how she almost kisses Drogo but pulls away at the last second.  I think she had given in and kissed him like she wanted to, she would have been stuck in limbo with her memories/dreams forever.Some book readers were scandalized that they didn't show the same prophecies from the book, but a lot of those would be too over-the-top / literal / cheesy / spoilery / expenive if put to film, so I think the showrunners and director thought very carefully about which visions to show instead.The ruined throne room *was* the song of Ice and Fire, a prophecy of destruction from dragon fire (note the fire-blasted remiains of the rock above) and the White Walkers (the never-ending winter).  The encounter with Drogo was a suitable replacement for the vision of Raymond(?) Darry in the book who extends his hand to her and tells her to come back to join him in the house with the red door.  This was obviously a trap in the form of an apparition of a loved one, just as it was in the book.I thought the sequence was beautiful, but I may be in the minority.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 06 June 2012 - 11:56 AM.
1382	White Raven	2012-06-06	This Unsullied forum is very interesting:http://forums.televi...3204374&st=3810Most of them are really quite clever. They have for example almost taken for granted that Robb will die soon, as a result of his romance with, and marriage to, Talisa.Wow, this forum is very fun to read. People are actually discussing the series and not just complaining how terrible and ruined everything is.
1383	teemo	2012-06-06	One of my friends thinks that Shae and Varys have a sexual attraction for each other and are going to have sex, and that Varys isn't really a eunuch.  That is one of the weirder ones, although many book many readers do think maybe Varys is faking the whole eunuch thing.  I'll have to ask around.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 06 June 2012 - 12:05 PM.
1384	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	One of my friends thinks that Shae and Varys have a sexual attraction for each other and are going to have sex, and that Varys isn't really a eunuch.  That is one of the weirder ones, although many book many readers do think maybe Varys is faking the whole eunuch thing.  I'll have to ask around.ok.... except he obviously IS a real eunuch based on Ros's reaction to him in the brothel, in the most recent episode... unless he is improbably small and/or is doing some extreme tucking or magic tricks
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 06 June 2012 - 12:08 PM.
1385	teemo	2012-06-06	ok.... except he obviously IS a real eunuch based on Ros's reaction to him in the brothel, in the most recent episode... unless he is improbably small and/or is doing some extreme tucking or magic tricksOh, yeah.  So that theory of his theory is probably out the window since the last episode.  He had been harping on it ever since him and Shae were talking about fish pie or whatever.  I wonder if that theory of Varys not being an actual eunuch is dead now because of that scene with Ros?  A lot of book readers have been speculating that he's possibly a Blackfyre, hence the shaven head, and the whole eunuch thing is a scheme (plus, sometimes his voice gets really deep, like right before he killed Kevan).  But that's a whole different story.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 06 June 2012 - 12:13 PM.
1386	Vandalism	2012-06-06	Arya becoming Lord Commander of the Night's Watch? LOL. I'm sorry but your fiance needs to pay more attention to the series. The Night's Watch is made up of only boys. Its one of the main features of the NW.
1387	Sound_of_winter	2012-06-06	The white walker at the end really reminded me of Aerys Targ, just wanted to point it out.
1388	Lord Balbi	2012-06-06	Arya becoming Lord Commander of the Night's Watch? LOL. I'm sorry but your fiance needs to pay more attention to the series. The Night's Watch is made up of only boys. Its one of the main features of the NW.Well, I though about that but then I remembered how the Night's Watch is in aDwD. Enough said /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> Edit: Typo
					
					
							Edited by Lord Balbi, 06 June 2012 - 01:33 PM.
1389	Lord Balbi	2012-06-06	I hear the "Podcast of Ice and Fire" and they had a non-reader (Larry from Otaku Assemble) in the episode right after "Blackwater". They asked what he though about Robb and Talisa and he didn't see any problems. He said "A king can have his whores". I guess he will be surprised...
1390	Stannis is the Mannis	2012-06-06	My buddy told me that he thought Jaqen was Syrio after the finale. It was funny hearing a theory that some people still have up to this point in the books. Most people seem to dispute the theory, but I still won't be surprised if it's true.
1391	Harrad	2012-06-06	Theon will be dragged back to the Iron Islands.
1392	Tenlaar	2012-06-06	The FM can change their faces like they do, but can they change their hair?  Jaqen's didn't change in the show, and I don't remember any mention of hair changing in the book.
I wonder how much a perm would cost in King's Landing.
1393	Roose Seal	2012-06-06	The FM can change their faces like they do, but can they change their hair?  Jaqen's didn't change in the show, and I don't remember any mention of hair changing in the book.I'm pretty sure when Jaqen's hair also changes in the book, going from long and red/white to short black and curly.
1394	N. Baratheon	2012-06-06	A friend of mine was convinced Tywin was going to die in the season finale.
1395	TheCube	2012-06-06	The FM can change their faces like they do, but can they change their hair?  Jaqen's didn't change in the show, and I don't remember any mention of hair changing in the book.I wonder how much a perm would cost in King's Landing.It stayed the same length and wave, but wasn't it dark when he turned round, when it was previously reddish with a white streak?Obviously keeping the hair looking similar was for the shows big reveal as he turned round. Artistic license, shall we say?
1396	spudspotato	2012-06-06	The non-reader I watch with said his hopes and expectations after this last episode were:
- Wanted Sansa and Tyrion to marry
- Wanted Arya to join the faceless men
- Expected Robb to die for breaking his pact to Walder Frey
- Expected/wanted Dany to invade westeros
I don't know how he did it, but I couldn't keep a straight face when he said the last one.
1397	Braavosi Sealady	2012-06-07	One of my friends believes that some of the Others look like the Dothraki and because of that one will be revealed to be Khal Drogo... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
1398	Maria Underfoot	2012-06-07	Dany and Robb will team up, beat the hell out of everyone and get happily married! (that was before the finale)  I actually heard that...... Poor people.
Nobody has really understood who attacked Winterfell, and I heard the theory that it was Asha/Yara who wanted to steal her brother's glory......
1399	Eichenlaub	2012-06-07	This is good stuff, unfortunately all the non book reading show watchers I know are not bright enough to have any theories... I need new friends
1400	teemo	2012-06-07	One of my friends believes that some of the Others look like the Dothraki and because of that one will be revealed to be Khal Drogo... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />WTF hahaha
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 07 June 2012 - 08:43 AM.
1401	lannisterbannerman	2012-06-07	A friend of mine believes that Stannis is going to be killed and that Melisandre will create a shadow creature to replace Stannis and take command of his armies...
1402	the hound of sansa	2012-06-07	i heard a nice one today. a friend told me that walder frey will conspire with cat to kill talisa! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
the same friend thought that sansa should leave with sandor, and eventually marry him
and of course everyone believes that dany and jon are meant for each other!
oh, and someone else said that somehow mance will die , and jon will rise among the wildlings, and he will unite them with the night's watch to fight the white walkers together
1403	Impish	2012-06-07	A friend of mine is convinced that Talisa is a Lannister spy, because they showed her writing a letter and joking with Robb about being a spy, in the same episode where Arya was reading that letter from Tywin's desk detailing Robb's troop movements.
That actually makes enough sense (as potential foreshadowing) that he has me genuinely wondering... could that be a twist they're planning for the TV show?
He also told me, "you know.. I think Jaqen might be Arya's dancing master?".  I got a good chuckle out of that.
1404	Roose Seal	2012-06-07	A friend of mine is convinced that Talisa is a Lannister spy, because they showed her writing a letter and joking with Robb about being a spy, in the same episode where Arya was reading that letter from Tywin's desk detailing Robb's troop movements.That actually makes enough sense (as potential foreshadowing) that he has me genuinely wondering... could that be a twist they're planning for the TV showMy BF theorized that the letter came from Roose Bolton. He based his theory on the fact that "if that was a bond movie, that guy would be a russian villain". He's not that far off.
1405	madman2711	2012-06-07	My book theory is that tyrion dany and jon will save westeros from the others
Dany was reborn thru fire Jon must be thru ice it is for certain that he is AA reborn
1406	The NAomenA3rean	2012-06-07	This Unsullied forum is very interesting:http://forums.televi...3204374&st=3810Most of them are really quite clever. They have for example almost taken for granted that Robb will die soon, as a result of his romance with, and marriage to, Talisa.I like the guy that's referring to a wight Sam as UnSam. Totally a book reader messing with them
1407	The Frostfangs	2012-06-07	My dad thinks that Talisa will kill Robb and then Cat will kill her and take over the northern army /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />		
He also said that Tyrion will end up in the nights watch and that Dany will never get to Westeros /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> ... He said he is torn between Arya and Jon to get the iron throne.
Oh, he also said that "Someone is hiding in the tree" When Luwin died.. I was in shock!
					
					
							Edited by Got Mance in Your Pants?, 07 June 2012 - 06:10 PM.
1408	sumpthy	2012-06-07	My BF theorized that the letter came from Roose Bolton. He based his theory on the fact that "if that was a bond movie, that guy would be a russian villain".He's not that far off.My mother is convinced that Roose is the one guy who will stay loyal to Robb because it's too obvious for a guy who looks like that, speaks like that, lives at the Dreadfort and suggests that Robb should let him flay guys because they "aren't in the north" to be a traitor.
1409	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	Along similar lines, I know people who are happy because Dany is 'finally' going to Westeros...To be fair, alot of book readers were thinking that after book three.  As for a theory, on Otaku Assemble, Larry theorized that the White Walkers were descended from the First Men.  Granted he comes from a place that alot of TV viewers are stuck in seeing the Wights and the Others as one and the same.  I could say that he may be partially correct if you assume that most of those Wights are from the corpses Northerners or Wildings.  He could also be close to another strongly-held theory if you displace First Men for Children of the Forest.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 07 June 2012 - 06:18 PM.
1410	The Frostfangs	2012-06-07	To be fair, alot of book readers were thinking that after book three.Hey im reading DWD...  Is there hope!
1411	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	Hey im reading DWD...  Is there hope!Keep reading and find out! /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 07 June 2012 - 06:24 PM.
1412	Morrigan	2012-06-07	Wow, this forum is very fun to read. People are actually discussing the series and not just complaining how terrible and ruined everything is.Uh yeah because they don't know how much better it could have been... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Also, you'll notice how some people do object to the writing, for example many are confused as to why Winterfell burned, they don't get why Sansa refused the Hound's offer, they think Talissa is cliche, they think Cat is stupider than she really deserves, etc.I enjoy reading that forum but two things slightly frustrate me about it; the obvious bookwalkers, and those who criticize plots or characters that I know were altered for the worse (thinking, "no guys that's not GRRM's fault!" hehe).
1413	jons nissa	2012-06-07	As for a theory, on Otaku Assemble, Larry theorized that the White Walkers were descended from the First Men.hey! i think they might be the first men based on how they look. they just look old to me. is there anything on what they really are that i've missed?anyway, back to the topic:my boyfriend thinks talisa is a spy and that mance is benjen. he keeps saying "benjen's been missing and they keep saying that mance used to be a crow." he also doesn't understand the whole faceless man thing and says that jaqen changed his face and name because arya told him to kill himself and jaqen had to honor his word. didn't the series talk about faceless men already?
					
					
							Edited by jon's nissa, 07 June 2012 - 08:19 PM.
1414	Dacie	2012-06-07	I saw a couple posts on the TVWoP threads that speculated Benjen Stark is either Rattleshirt or Mance Rayder.
1415	Morvran	2012-06-07	My mother is convinced that Roose is the one guy who will stay loyal to Robb because it's too obvious for a guy who looks like that, speaks like that, lives at the Dreadfort and suggests that Robb should let him flay guys because they "aren't in the north" to be a traitor.Imagine if they had him talking like he does in the books!  Love the theory
1416	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	hey! i think they might be the first men based on how they look. they just look old to me. is there anything on what they really are that i've missed?Well they were around before the First Men arrived in Westeros.  It's more likely that they're related to the Children in some way.
1417	birdsong66	2012-06-08	As far as book theories, a friend of mine who is just now starting DWD thinks that the reason The Blackfish never married is because he was in love with his brother Hoster's wife, Minisa, and that's why he favors Catelyn over Lysa and Edmure.  He insists it's because Catelyn looks the most like her mother.HBOGoT Theories:Gendry will escort Arya to Robb. Robb will die.Margery is not innocent....well, hello?Littlefinger really loves Catelyn.Littlefinger recognized Arya.Stannis will have more "shadow-y whatever they are-s," and many deaths will result.Catelyn will be betrothed/forced to marry a Northern Lord to shore up an alliance for Robb.  But, she will die by suicide.Melisandre is E-V-I-L. Jon will become the Hand equivalent to The King Beyond The Wall.Maester Lewin is still alive because viewers didn't see him die.Theon will return to "the place where he felt up his sister."Cercei and Jaime will never see each other again.Stannis will defeat Robb.  And Robb will die.  Basically, everyone believes Robb will die, though the method varies.None of the Stark children will see each other again.  And they will die.  (I'm sensing a theme...)Joffrey will Kill Cercei.Cercei will kill Joffrey, and then herself.Seriously, I almost wish I hadn't read the books, but then I wouldn't have so much fun hearing these theories, amiright?
1418	The  Halfhand	2012-06-08	My sister thinks that Robb's bannermen will kill Talisa and he'll go apeshit on them with his wolf.
She also thinks Sam didn't get attacked because he is a chosen leader for the Others...
EVERY ONE of my non-reader friends haven't said anything about Davos after the big explosion at Blackwater! Nobody cares about Davos!! /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
1419	Braavosi Sealady	2012-06-08	I was with a few non-readers friends and heard a couple of pretty funny stuff /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
Melisandre is a spy from Cercei's and will destroy Stannis
Melisandre was in a magic boat during Blackwater and it was her that killed Davos
Jon will join the wildlings and return to the wall to kill LC Mormont
Robb will not die but he'll kill Cat after Cat tries to kill Talisa
Mance Rider is Benjen Stark and he will kill Jon because Jon will refuse to join him
The Other will turn back to kill Sam but Ghost will save him
Pretty much Ghost will save everyone because the Others and the WW are afraid of wolfs and that's why they exist in GoT. Because of that all Stark brothers will reunite and fight the Others with their wolfs
1420	KC_Accidental	2012-06-08	Melisandre was in a magic boat during Blackwater and it was her that killed DavosHAHAHA! I properly burst out laughing at that! Magic boat!
1421	Braavosi Sealady	2012-06-08	He truly believed that Mel was a Cercei's spy and killed Davos because he was Stannis most trusted counselor. The magic boat at Blackwater would be some kind of shadow boat. /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
I laughed so much when he said that /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />  Of course that after I laughed so hard he's now changing his mind in some details but not the Mel being a spy and killing Stannis. I was able to keep a serious expression on that one...  lol
1422	KC_Accidental	2012-06-08	Melisandre being a spy is not so out there really. Many readers believe her to be misleading Stannis in some way. The magic boat is amazing though. Imagine giving birth to that one!
1423	Braavosi Sealady	2012-06-08	Yes, the spy thing made me wonder as I too believe she's misleading Stannis. But the magic boat... /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1424	Rapsie	2012-06-08	I like how everyone seems to like Show!Shae and is really worried that Cersei might do something to her.
1425	KC_Accidental	2012-06-08	I hate TV Shae much more than book Shae. I absolutely cannot stand her and its baffling how Tyrion has fallen in love with her!
1426	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-06-08	On Winter is Coming website, a couple people thought the old White Walker on the dead horse in the final scene was Benjen Stark (same long hair). Someone else thought it looked like Tywin Lannister and perhaps was a demonic double of him.Me and my daughter thought it was mad King Aerys!  And we're readers - so we've no excuse.... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1427	JoramunsKazoo	2012-06-08	I hate TV Shae much more than book Shae. I absolutely cannot stand her and its baffling how Tyrion has fallen in love with her!I actually really like TV Shae (as well as many of my non-reader friends), but it makes it all that more baffling how she will pan out like book Shae does...My TV theory:  I have a suspicion that the writers will dumb it down and keep her true to Tyrion; Tywin finally finds out about her, kills her and Tyrion flips.
1428	Dolorous Nick	2012-06-08	I actually really like TV Shae (as well as many of my non-reader friends), but it makes it all that more baffling how she will pan out like book Shae does...My TV theory:  I have a suspicion that the writers will dumb it down and keep her true to Tyrion; Tywin finally finds out about her, kills her and Tyrion flips.I really hope you are wrong on this, but I'm afraid there is a strong possibility you're prediction could be spot on.  They kept Arya's hands pretty clean this season compared to the books (where she actually kills a Lannister guard on her way out of Harrenhal).  They may choose to do the same with Tyrion...which would be a huge mistake.  That scene was so powerful in the books, and brings Tyrion far closer to rock bottom, IMO, than if he just discovers Shae's dead body.
1429	Morvran	2012-06-08	My TV theory:  I have a suspicion that the writers will dumb it down and keep her true to Tyrion; Tywin finally finds out about her, kills her and Tyrion flips.Ugh...that actually sounds like something they might do.  And in any other fantasy world other than Martin's it would make complete sense too.  I hope they don't do this.I don't like TVShae, and my non-reader friends loathe her.  I find her acting wooden and awkward even though people rave about her abilities as an actress.
1430	KC_Accidental	2012-06-08	I hope and doubt they will. I think they're just setting it up so it's a bigger blow to Tyrion and the viewer. If she remains true to him then that ruins the whole thing with him becoming a bitter bastard who starts to reflect on how Tysha was the only one who truly loved him. If the Tysha plot develops further then this is crucial to it.
1431	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-08	I actually really like TV Shae (as well as many of my non-reader friends), but it makes it all that more baffling how she will pan out like book Shae does...My TV theory:  I have a suspicion that the writers will dumb it down and keep her true to Tyrion; Tywin finally finds out about her, kills her and Tyrion flips.I've been kinda thinking this myself.  Earlier in the season it wouldn't have been hard to see her going down the same path as book Shae, but after the last two episodes, she's either a very a very gifted actress (which her interaction with Cersei shows that she isn't) or we're going down a path where she truly is genuine.  It actually makes sense though, given the rough edges of Tyrion's past that they chose to avoid regarding his relationship with Tysha, ie the fact that he was ordered to do her last.  This is the biggest reason I think they will make the change because I don't think that they want Tyrion to have to kill Shae.  Even it it were justified, it would be hard to still bill him as an unfortunate hero after killing a woman in a fit of passion and rage.  They've altered other character's stories in similar manners in order to avoid some of the more unsympathetic aspects of their story-arcs.Stannis will have more "shadow-y whatever they are-s," and many deaths will result.I've gotten this impression in different ways from non-book readers.  They seem to think that the original shadow baby is like a person now and can be used over and over again.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 08 June 2012 - 01:09 PM.
1432	birdsong66	2012-06-08	I've gotten this impression in different ways from non-book readers.  They seem to think that the original shadow baby is like a person now and can be used over and over again.EXACTLY!!Which is funny b/c when I ask the obvious, "Where is it now" the answer is either *shrugs*, IDK, and one friend suggested it simply returned from "whence it came."  Too funny.
1433	Ruka	2012-06-08	from the  TVWoP thread. So, what does Valar Morghulis mean? In Tolkien's works Valar means god and I think "mor" is a prefix that means dark. I don't know if GRR Martin is borrowing from JRR Tolkien on that.Wouldn't that be breaking copyright? Pretty sure GRRM just made it up (assuming it isn't a TV invention). My guess is that it means "I am an apple" or "My shoe is filled with custard".		   I like that the first person is going for the Tolkien aspect of languages and stuff then the next  just flattens it out. I ROFL'd,  he is pretty close, all men must die, I am an apple, not far off /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1434	Eluminous	2012-06-08	Friend is convinced Ned Stark is still alive. 
A head on a spike musn't be enough for tv viewers.
1435	Istari	2012-06-08	(during the scene when Littlefinger, Tywin, and Arya are at Harrenhal and he doesn't reveal her identity)
Stepmom the non-reader: "I think that Littlefinger is a good guy" 
Me: /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1436	FantA´me	2012-06-08	Friend is convinced Ned Stark is still alive.A head on a spike musn't be enough for tv viewers.Isn't enough for some readers as well.Have you seen the various "Ned's still alive" threads?(during the scene when Littlefinger, Tywin, and Arya are at Harrenhal and he doesn't reveal her identity)Stepmom the non-reader: "I think that Littlefinger is a good guy"Me: /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1437	The Wood of the Morning	2012-06-08	Anything that has to do with Robb /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1438	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-06-08	the WW at the end was Joer Mormount.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 08 June 2012 - 06:53 PM.
1439	Istakhr	2012-06-08	Dany going to Westeros next season.
Oh sweet summer child...
1440	HyacinthGirl	2012-06-09	Ok, at times I'm ashamed to know this person...
Jon will be excused from the NW, and head south to join Robb and Catelyn (who is overjoyed to see him, as Ned is dead and Jon has Ned's blood in him... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ) Jon runs into Bran and Rickon on the road and takes them south with him. Y'know, because they all have wolves, and wolves have tracking devices for each other or something.
Arya makes it to Riverrun, and is there for Jon's arrival.
LF fulfills his promise to Sansa, taking her (somehow not getting killed in the war that is, y'know, in full swing) by road to Riverrun, and as a result, hooks up with Cat. Sansa gets with Gendry. Arya and Jon play swordfighting, and all the direwolves are united (because Sean Bean didn't really kill Lady!)
The big happy family unite and destroy the Lannisters, apart from Tyrion, because he is friends with Jon, who vouches for him. Tyrion explains what really went down with the whole trying-to-kill-Bran thing, that practically every other Lannister was involved. But not him.
But, oh no, the Others are coming! Dany has sailed to Westeros, her Dragons then toast the others who melt away. The Wildlings now have nothing to run away from and so retreat home. Jon and Dany fall madly in love /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> and rule together, with Tyrion as Hand (who is happily married to the genuine, kind Shae) and the dragons (sweet giant lizard pets, dontchaknow) live in KL with them. Stannis cooperates because he was practically defeated already. Robb goes happily back to Winterfell with his family, and everyone is happy.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA!
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 09 June 2012 - 05:35 PM.
1441	Rapsie	2012-06-09	Oh and my other favourite was that Tywin worked out who Arya was, but decided to leave her at Harrenhal with Gregor Clegane, because he seemed like an alright guy and would keep her safe........................ /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1442	teemo	2012-06-09	Oh and my other favourite was that Tywin worked out who Arya was, but decided to leave her at Harrenhal with Gregor Clegane, because he seemed like an alright guy and would keep her safe........................ /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  Not too surprising since Tywin has been like Daddy Warbucks this season and the Mountain just seems like your average joe.
1443	Thunderfist	2012-06-09	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  Not too surprising since Tywin has been like Daddy Warbucks this season and the Mountain just seems like your average joe.Based on the show alone, the "Good guy of the year award" would go to either the friendly and fatherly Tywin Lannister or the trustworthy and honorable Roose Bolton
1444	Caro99	2012-06-09	my best friend and sister were convinced that by the end of the blackwater episode the hound and sansa did ran away together... sadly they were wrong
1445	sumpthy	2012-06-09	Sort of off-topic, but this is kind of funny if you've ever had a non-reader friend trying to tell you what they think about character's when they clearly don't know their name.http://www.collegehu...es-character-isRob and Other Robb especially got me because one of my friends referred to Robb, Theon and Jon by the blanket term of Jon Snow for most of Season One.
1446	HomeGrownCrown	2012-06-09	Sort of off-topic, but this is kind of funny if you've ever had a non-reader friend trying to tell you what they think about character's when they clearly don't know their name.http://www.collegehu...es-character-isRob and Other Robb especially got me because one of my friends referred to Robb, Theon and Jon by the blanket term of Jon Snow for most of Season One.Other Robb was CLASSIC but I love that The Hound is just "The Hound" , even college humour doesn't want to risk pissing off Sandor.
1447	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-09	First someone told me they were convinced Sansa becomes Cersei 2.0 after Cersei dies. They did ask me however if Sansa would incest with Jon Snow...Kissing cousins are not considered incest. But it would be weird, since they were raised together, which somehow counts more.
1448	FantA´me	2012-06-10	Sort of off-topic, but this is kind of funny if you've ever had a non-reader friend trying to tell you what they think about character's when they clearly don't know their name.http://www.collegehu...es-character-isRob and Other Robb especially got me because one of my friends referred to Robb, Theon and Jon by the blanket term of Jon Snow for most of Season One.Haha.I especially like Roose Bolton.And I've seen more people referring to Jaqen as "A man" .Kissing cousins are not considered incest. But it would be weird, since they were raised together, which somehow counts more.That and non book-readers have no idea that they're probably not siblings.
1449	teemo	2012-06-10	the ones that made me LOL - "the other Rob," "Who the fuck is that?" and "Gay Knightsister." Hah.  Everyone knows Tyrion though, c'mon.  You know, I thought my boyfriend only knew the names of Rob, Ned, Bronn, the Hound (his favorite characters), Tyrion and Dany (because my name is Dani), but it was revealed that he was faking.  I told him I'd give him an hour neck massage if he told the truth, lol....he knows Theon, Robb, Jaime, Brienne, the Hound, Renly, Stannis, Dany, Tyrion, Bran, Sansa, Arya, Tywin, Jon Snow, Halfhand, HODOR, Joffrey.  Got Cersei confused with Catelyn, didn't even know there was a baby stark, Sam, Drogo, forgot about Melisandre totally, Davos, and any of the Tyrells.  Still, I am impressed, considering he doesn't like the show /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
He has no theories except, "I don't think we'll ever see the Hound again."
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 10 June 2012 - 12:53 PM.
1450	Ser Steven	2012-06-11	This Unsullied forum is very interesting:http://forums.televi...3204374&st=3810Most of them are really quite clever. They have for example almost taken for granted that Robb will die soon, as a result of his romance with, and marriage to, Talisa.I like the theory on here where the poster theorizes that Ayra will kill Joffrey by sneaking into Kings Landing and whispering in Joff's ear, "what do we say to the God of Death?" and when Joff turns around she stabs him in the neck and says, "Today."Sadly not gonna happen, but I would forgive D&D for changing the books to make this happen. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1451	Strider	2012-06-12	A friend of mine is convinced that Talisa is a Lannister spy, because they showed her writing a letter and joking with Robb about being a spy, in the same episode where Arya was reading that letter from Tywin's desk detailing Robb's troop movements.That actually makes enough sense (as potential foreshadowing) that he has me genuinely wondering... could that be a twist they're planning for the TV show?I don't recall who first proposed this theory on this forum, but it remains my favorite new twist.  I hope the writers have in fact considered it.  It would add even more deeper pathos to the Red Wedding.  Imagine seeing Robb's face, when he realizes not only that by breaking faith with the Freys he has destroyed his family but that the woman he chose to marry is in fact in the employ of the Lannisters.  Beware the game of thrones.
1452	you wouldn't know me	2012-06-12	The most wtf theory i've heard is from a woman I work with who believes Lysa is Jon Snows mother, seriously have no idea how she came up with that one but she is sticking to it.
1453	Vandalism	2012-06-12	What is your favourite theory you've seen from non-readers?That Jon is Ned's son. LOL.
1454	teemo	2012-06-12	The most wtf theory i've heard is from a woman I work with who believes Lysa is Jon Snows mother, seriously have no idea how she came up with that one but she is sticking to it.Maybe she thinks that Lysa had an affair with Littlefinger or something and passed Jon off to Ned....but then Cat wouldn't hate him....so I have no idea. lol.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 12 June 2012 - 01:12 PM.
1455	milquetoast	2012-06-12	I know someone who thinks Jorah should sit on the Iron Throne 0_o
1456	SerMixalot	2012-06-12	Sort of off-topic, but this is kind of funny if you've ever had a non-reader friend trying to tell you what they think about character's when they clearly don't know their name.http://www.collegehu...es-character-isRob and Other Robb especially got me because one of my friends referred to Robb, Theon and Jon by the blanket term of Jon Snow for most of Season One.the other robb is classic, esp with the face on Alfie
1457	SerMixalot	2012-06-12	Brendan Stark is Mance Rayder and Mance Rayder is kind of a Dread Pirate Roberts character
1458	SerMixalot	2012-06-12	I really hope you are wrong on this, but I'm afraid there is a strong possibility you're prediction could be spot on.  They kept Arya's hands pretty clean this season compared to the books (where she actually kills a Lannister guard on her way out of Harrenhal).  They may choose to do the same with Tyrion...which would be a huge mistake.  That scene was so powerful in the books, and brings Tyrion far closer to rock bottom, IMO, than if he just discovers Shae's dead body.slight correction that was a northman
1459	SerMixalot	2012-06-12	Ugh...that actually sounds like something they might do.  And in any other fantasy world other than Martin's it would make complete sense too.  I hope they don't do this.I don't like TVShae, and my non-reader friends loathe her.  I find her acting wooden and awkward even though people rave about her abilities aas an actress.I am wondering if people are aware that the actress playing shae did hardcore pornor at least it was a seriously close look alike
1460	teemo	2012-06-12	I can't imagine them going that far with changing Tyrion...I mean, I'm really cynical and all about the shows, but that sounds going too far even for D&D.
1461	Aussie50	2012-06-14	Everytime I hear one of my non-book reader friends say how much they're looking forward to seeing Dany come and fuck things up with her dragons in Westeros I struggle so hard not to laugh or let out a loud sigh. The show needs to establish soon that this won't be happening for a loong loong time. 
I thought it was funny when I watched it with my cousin and he was convinced that the Smoke Baby was going to make a return and kill heaps of people in the Blackwater episode, when I explained that it had done it's one and only jobbed he was shocked lol.
1462	victim	2012-06-14	I thought it was funny when I watched it with my cousin and he was convinced that the Smoke Baby was going to make a return and kill heaps of people in the Blackwater episode, when I explained that it had done it's one and only jobbed he was shocked lol.This was a massive problem IMO. I know plenty of people who thought the same way. All they really needed to do was somehow explain that the shadow was a piece of Stannis, and every time he used it his own soul would dwindle or some crap.
1463	Aussie50	2012-06-14	This was a massive problem IMO. I know plenty of people who thought the same way. All they really needed to do was somehow explain that the shadow was a piece of Stannis, and every time he used it his own soul would dwindle or some crap.Was it explained like that in the books?I guess they could have explained it like that in the show, I don't know why I never questioned why it never made a return in the books, I think I just naturally assumed it fulfilled it's purpose and assumed most people who watched the show would too. So it's interesting to hear people wondering where it went and what it's going to do next.
1464	TheLongNightsWatch	2012-06-14	This was a massive problem IMO. I know plenty of people who thought the same way. All they really needed to do was somehow explain that the shadow was a piece of Stannis, and every time he used it his own soul would dwindle or some crap.It was explained that Stannis did not want it to be viewed as if he won that battle without honor, i.e. using a shadow monster. So he left Mel at home.
1465	SelaBela	2012-06-18	None of my family or friends have their own theories, or at least they haven't voiced them, they just ask "so whats gonna happen?"
I usually struggle for a bit, saying "You'll have to read the books!/I have no idea!/No! Read!" but then they're persistent and I give in.  I know, I'm awful.  They seem pretty surprised though about the RW/PW etc. 
Mom was kinda pissed when I told her Dany is STILL not in Westeros, and now theres a ressurected Targ invading Westeros before she's had a chance to get there.
1466	Noelle Snow	2012-06-18	Wow, you really told it all. LOL
I never understood why people want spoilers. Enjoy the journey!
1467	A Bear covered in Fluff	2012-06-18	After the first episode and a half my best friend said "Ned's going to die because it's the tragic story of Sean Bean's carreer" and "Jon snow's not ned's son but his nephew from either his sister or brother, perhaps incest? no, he's special, royal, has to be a prince from the mad king's family"
i couldnt help cracking up and she said "I'm right." and I said that it was the biggest secret in the entire series and everyone suspects that may be the case. and yes.. ned dies but perhaps Sean bean wont be type casted like this anymore? D: she noted that he dies in every movie
edit: and although when we watched Baelor, she still cried even though she knew it she hoped she was wrong. T__T
After the first season she suspected that Dany was going to grow her dragons and ride them to westeros
and that jon snow was going to be lord commander soon. She also suspected Sansa would end up killing joff
					
					
							Edited by DontCallMeLadyFluff, 18 June 2012 - 04:12 PM.
1468	Kobayashi Maru	2012-06-20	My sister in law her boyfriend and my husband were all convinced after watching the first episode that N+C=J (Ned+Cercei=Jon).I tought it was hillarious considering what will happen later on.I their defense I must admit that Sean and Leena exchanged some pretty intense looks in that episode and continued to look like their going to jump on one another every second they were in a scene together.I guess yhey shared some strong chemistry on screen.Later when I watched the scene in which king Rob and Co. are entering the Winterfell I saw it too.Those two were watching each other like there actually was something betweeen them.It didn't help that every time Cercei entered the room Ned started looking to the floor,blushing and acting like teenager with a crush.
1469	Queen Regent	2012-06-20	Ok, at times I'm ashamed to know this person...Jon will be excused from the NW, and head south to join Robb and Catelyn (who is overjoyed to see him, as Ned is dead and Jon has Ned's blood in him... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ) Jon runs into Bran and Rickon on the road and takes them south with him. Y'know, because they all have wolves, and wolves have tracking devices for each other or something.Arya makes it to Riverrun, and is there for Jon's arrival.LF fulfills his promise to Sansa, taking her (somehow not getting killed in the war that is, y'know, in full swing) by road to Riverrun, and as a result, hooks up with Cat. Sansa gets with Gendry. Arya and Jon play swordfighting, and all the direwolves are united (because Sean Bean didn't really kill Lady!)The big happy family unite and destroy the Lannisters, apart from Tyrion, because he is friends with Jon, who vouches for him. Tyrion explains what really went down with the whole trying-to-kill-Bran thing, that practically every other Lannister was involved. But not him.But, oh no, the Others are coming! Dany has sailed to Westeros, her Dragons then toast the others who melt away. The Wildlings now have nothing to run away from and so retreat home. Jon and Dany fall madly in love /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> and rule together, with Tyrion as Hand (who is happily married to the genuine, kind Shae) and the dragons (sweet giant lizard pets, dontchaknow) live in KL with them. Stannis cooperates because he was practically defeated already. Robb goes happily back to Winterfell with his family, and everyone is happy.BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA!someone should give this poor person a few spoilers at least.... otherwise they might end up with PTSD after watching what really happens!
1470	The Ghost of Winter	2012-06-20	It isn't exactly my favorite theory but my boyfriend thinks the whole Robb marriage thing is fine, that the Freys will just let it pass. Poor guy is totally wrong "/ 
I think the Benjen Stark/Aerys Targaryen being the W.W. is interesting, but again I think its off.
1471	Volantis	2012-06-29	How could you call these theories crazy? You would have thought along similar lines if you had not read the books.
1472	Khal Pono	2012-06-29	Ok, at times I'm ashamed to know this person...Jon will be excused from the NW, and head south to join Robb and Catelyn (who is overjoyed to see him, as Ned is dead and Jon has Ned's blood in him... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ) Jon runs into Bran and Rickon on the road and takes them south with him. Y'know, because they all have wolves, and wolves have tracking devices for each other or something.Arya makes it to Riverrun, and is there for Jon's arrival.LF fulfills his promise to Sansa, taking her (somehow not getting killed in the war that is, y'know, in full swing) by road to Riverrun, and as a result, hooks up with Cat. Sansa gets with Gendry. Arya and Jon play swordfighting, and all the direwolves are united (because Sean Bean didn't really kill Lady!)The big happy family unite and destroy the Lannisters, apart from Tyrion, because he is friends with Jon, who vouches for him. Tyrion explains what really went down with the whole trying-to-kill-Bran thing, that practically every other Lannister was involved. But not him.But, oh no, the Others are coming! Dany has sailed to Westeros, her Dragons then toast the others who melt away. The Wildlings now have nothing to run away from and so retreat home. Jon and Dany fall madly in love /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> and rule together, with Tyrion as Hand (who is happily married to the genuine, kind Shae) and the dragons (sweet giant lizard pets, dontchaknow) live in KL with them. Stannis cooperates because he was practically defeated already. Robb goes happily back to Winterfell with his family, and everyone is happy.BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA!This is jaw-dropping and amazing.  I think in the Bizzarro world, GRRM would write a story like this.
1473	Khal Pono	2012-06-29	She also thinks Sam didn't get attacked because he is a chosen leader for the Others...That made me LOL.  One of the silliest theories I've ever heard.  Is that like when the Ewoks believe that C3P0 is their god in Return of the Jedi, but they want to kill everyone else?Sam would fit right in with an army of malevolent ice demons.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 30 June 2012 - 02:21 PM.
1474	Crown	2012-06-30	It isn't exactly my favorite theory but my boyfriend thinks the whole Robb marriage thing is fine, that the Freys will just let it pass. Poor guy is totally wrong "/I think the Benjen Stark/Aerys Targaryen being the W.W. is interesting, but again I think its off.Yeah, my friends/nor family didn't comment on Robb breaking his vows either. They'll be surprised to see what's going to happen, unless they've read the books by the time the Red Wedding appears on screen.
1475	Khal Pono	2012-06-30	I just found a very amusing interpretation of the sack of King's Landing by a non-book reader, this one from a professional writer who works for theatlantic.com:"the Mad King Aerys Targaryen did what he liked, butchering Ned Stark's father and brother in his throne room without any cause. In retaliation, he was killed by his own sworn protector (Joffrey's father/uncle Jaime)"My head almost exploded that someone could get so many facts of Robert's Rebellion so wrong, but then after I calmed down, I realized that if you hadn't read the books or researched the backstory--say, by watching the DVD extras of season 1--that this a perfectly valid interpretation of events based on what the show tells us.In the TV-only scene where Jaime confronts Ned in the throne room, the Kingslayer gets defensive and says that when he killed Aerys "it felt like justice" for what Aerys did to Brandon and Rickard Stark, and so many others.  While I'm sure Jaime did feel awful having to watch all those horrors while in the Kings Guard (as he later will confide to Brienne), everyone knows the reason he killed Aerys was to be an obedient son, not to exact revenge for House Stark, of all things.Also that Aerys burned Rickard and Brandon "for no reason" is patently absurd.  While the way they were tortured and killed was cowardly and unbelievably cruel, it's not as is if Aerys manufactured some pretend slight out of thin air.  Lord Stark and his heir were, after all, aiding Robert and Jon Arryn in their rebellion....But they don't explain all that in the show, so I guess you can think that Aerys was just punshing the Starks for kicks
1476	Monty501	2012-07-01	I haven't heard many theories but one was after the Blackwater when my friend was like
"I guess that onion knight guy is dead..."
1477	Maxime	2012-07-23	I read somewhere in this post about someone who guessed crucial stuff after the first episode. I have a similar experience.I decided to show the first episode to a friend and after the first fifteen minutes he said that Bran will be pushed by someone, Jamie is totally screwing Cersei, Dany will overthrow her brother. Then by the end he guessed few more stuff, but got it wrong by saying that Ned will be imprisoned by the Lannisters but he'll make a heroic return. That made me wonder if Martin is actually predictable.FAN THEORIESOsha is a spy for the Lannisters. Samwell will become a white walker! Dany is finally sailing to Westeros! Rheagar, who the fuck is Rheagar? Margery will kill Renly (before he died). The shadow baby was meant for Margery. Margery is going to be beheaded (I think that's because of Natalie Dormer) etc.They are a lot more craziness like this...
1478	bacchusnl	2012-08-14	Hi there,
I just finished season 2 myself, without reading the books so far, and when i saw this topic I thought it would be nice to join the forums and share my own ideas on where i think the show is going. So far, this is what seems likely to me (please forgive any typos in names ect):
-Arya and the King Robbert's blacksmit bastard become King and Queen of the Realms in the end.
-Jon convinces the wildmen to aid the south vs the White Walkers
Is it far fetched? Am i close on the mark? I dont need to have the full spoilers, but it would be nice if some1 told me how far off i am /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1479	FantA´me	2012-08-14	Also that Aerys burned Rickard and Brandon "for no reason" is patently absurd.  While the way they were tortured and killed was cowardly and unbelievably cruel, it's not as is if Aerys manufactured some pretend slight out of thin air.  Lord Stark and his heir were, after all, aiding Robert and Jon Arryn in their rebellion....But they don't explain all that in the show, so I guess you can think that Aerys was just punshing the Starks for kicksActually, there was no rebellion yet. IIRC , he killed Brandon and Rickard because the former went to King's Landing and challenged Rhaegar to "come out and die" after he abducted Lyanna. He then made his father come to King's Landing and had them both killed.Sure, an open threat to the royal heir is no light matter , but Jon Arryn rebelled, and Robert and Ned with him, only after this , when Aerys ordered Arryn to send him the heads of Robert and Ned who were completely innocent at that time.Hi there,I just finished season 2 myself, without reading the books so far, and when i saw this topic I thought it would be nice to join the forums and share my own ideas on where i think the show is going. So far, this is what seems likely to me (please forgive any typos in names ect):-Arya and the King Robbert's blacksmit bastard become King and Queen of the Realms in the end.-Jon convinces the wildmen to aid the south vs the White WalkersIs it far fetched? Am i close on the mark? I dont need to have the full spoilers, but it would be nice if some1 told me how far off i am /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />If you really want spoilers :- The book series is not over yet so, we don't know either.- Not bad /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1480	donalnig	2012-08-14	On Winter is Coming website, a couple people thought the old White Walker on the dead horse in the final scene was Benjen Stark (same long hair). Someone else thought it looked like Tywin Lannister and perhaps was a demonic double of him. i have both read the books and watched the tv show and every time i watch that scene the more im convinced that it was charles dance that acted as the white walker in the last episode
1481	Dire Turtle	2012-08-14	i have both read the books and watched the tv show and every time i watch that scene the more im convinced that it was charles dance that acted as the white walker in the last episodeNyethttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=avAWlqfd_J8
1482	donalnig	2012-08-14	Nyethttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=avAWlqfd_J8 oh snap
1483	Dire Turtle	2012-08-14	oh snapI wouldn't mind if Charles Dance played a white walker too though. In fact, I would watch an ASOIAF adaptation where Dance plays every role; he's that good.
1484	serconjay	2012-08-15	I think my fave theory is the Blackfish smuggling a pregnant Jeyne out of Riverrun, while her mother parades Jeyne's sister as Jeyne to the Lannisters.  This would be a pretty awesome storyline.  As much as I love the Lannisters, the Starks need a comeback.
1485	masterhasanofbolu	2012-08-28	I watched the 2 seasons and then started reading from SOS.
What surprised me was that the shadow that killed renly didn't appear again.
I mean, mel told stannis that she will give him a son, they made it on the wonderfull westeros map.
Then we see mel giving birth to a strange son, which immediately proove effective.
I (and many of my friends) thought stannis was gonna use the shadow in the blackwater.
In the last episode I said, well ok, I understood why he didn't use it.
BUT I thought the shadow was always living with them in some room of the dragonstone until it would be needed again /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Many people who only watched the shows still expects something from the shadow
1486	Cold-King	2012-08-28	My current favorite is that the White Walker on the horse that Sam sees is Benjen Stark. I just believe that the white walker was simply just a white walker and Benjen Stark still has a part to play!
1487	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2012-08-28	im a warcraft player so i dont rly do anything else /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
i have seen both sesons before reading .
few months ago i quit warcraft and that gave me time to read  i read all 5 books 1 after another and 3 dunc and the egg  storys (incidently i started play warcraft again right after i was finished with the books /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
my new warrior is called Bloodraven .
anyway :
i tought Robb and Stannis will finally get togheter to kick Lanisters butts. 
i tought Deny is coming to Westeros .
i tought Tyrion will get respect from his father 
i tought Arya will make it to Cat
and i tought Sam isnt getitng attacked by whites becouse he was a coward.
and they dont kill scared people only brave once /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1488	ParadiseSeeker	2012-09-11	*after weeks of me persuading my friend to watch GoT, we're watching 1st episode. The Royal family comes to Winterfell*
Friend: Wow, the king's fat and ugly! I thought he'd be more like Boromir... that Joffrey kid is lucky he got his mother's looks.
Me: *Silently choking*
...
Friend: WHAT! He's screwing his sister! That's just sick. I hope that Joffrey kid isn't his, that would be just disgusting and awkward.
me:... yeah, you should probably stop watching now. 
/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I find this topic quite interesting, am gonna question my non-reader friends and come back later. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1489	ParadiseSeeker	2012-09-11	Okay, let me sum up the expectations of my many non-reader friends:
1. They agree Robb's fucked and will die pretty soon. There are three most common theories about how it'll happen: his bannermen are gonna kill him for treason when they find he got married/Freys will leave offended, leaving Robb weakened, and than he will loose in battle with Tywin and get killed on battlefield/Talisa is Lannister spy send to kill Robb in his sleep, which she will struggle to do, cause she fell in love with him, but she will succeed in the end. Most of people wish for Grey Wind to escape. Talisa is really hated. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2. Everyone wants Joffrey to die in a very ugly, painfull way. People mostly agree Sansa will be the one to do it, but there are also some who believe Margaery will kill him after their marriage, cause she wants to rule herself. Than Margaery will have great bitch-showdown with Cersei. ( /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />) No one really likes Margaery and everyone thinks she's a first class scheming bitch. I think that's mostly because of Natalie Dormer. She just looks suspicious. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3. A lot of people want Sansa to kill Joff and than escape with Hound. Apparently, Hound is a fan favourite (cause you know, he's such a tragic, misunderstood romantic hero with hidden feelings for Sansa). /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4. It's commonly believed Little Finger will hook up with Cat at some point.
5. Also popular is the theory in which Tyrion tells Tywin his precious twin-syblings are fucking, which will lead to a great heartbreaking re-union of father and son, and they will later team up against Cersei, knock her down and send Jamie to Night'S Watch, cause you know, Daddy Tywin is not so bad after all, he was so nice to Arya! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
6. Arya is believed to reunite with Cat and live with her and StepDaddy Little Finger. Everyone also wants for her to find her direwolf.
7. Most of them also think Bran and Rickon are now heading south to meet Cat.
8. Widely spread theory also says Jon will join the Wildlings and kill Mance, which will lead to Wildlings making him their new king. He will than destroy the Others with his new wildling army (they're not sure how). When Others are gone, Wildlings can go back to their homes and Jon will return to the Wall, where he'll be named Lord Commander for his achievements. Mostly, people believe Jon will do big. My friend said "Look at the way his hair sway in the wind, and his cheekbones, he's totally meant for something big." /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> She also noted something that surprised me: "Basically everyone in there is fucked somehow, but nothing really bad ever happens to Jon. They're totally saving him up so when everyone's dead, Jon rises and takes over the fucking world."
9. Of course everyone believes that now that Dany took over Qarth, she's gonna use their wealth to buy ships and finally head to Westeros. poor them. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
10. They believe Stannis is gonna end bad because of Mel. They think she will lead him to some kind of disaster.
11. Popular one is also the theory that Renly lives, and continues making sweet love to Loras. (favourite realationship so far. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)
12. None of them can imagine Jamie returning to Cersei and that they will continue incesting. Most people think Jamie and Brienne will hook up during their journey.
That's all i can remember from the survey I did today. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Edited for spelling.
					
					
							Edited by ParadiseSeeker, 11 September 2012 - 12:07 PM.
1490	freerider	2012-09-17	The most wtf theory i've heard is from a woman I work with who believes Lysa is Jon Snows mother, seriously have no idea how she came up with that one but she is sticking to it.lol that is one strange theory
1491	Timebean	2012-09-22	My favorites from the nonreaders I know is that Tyrion will become king in the end and Sansa will marry the Hound, after she turns him into a "good guy"
Some funny things I found out from talking to a non-reader friend is that he didn't realize until I told him that the 2 kids Theon burned and hung were supposed to be Bran and Rickon.  He just assumed from the beginning that they were the farmer's kids becuase Bran said they would hurt the farmer if they went there, then Theon and his crew found the nuts, so he just assumed they killed the farmer's kids as punishment.  So the dramatic "NOOOO" scream from the maester was weird to him and he was not at all suprised that the Bran and Rickon were still alive.  
He also thinks Asha (Yarra) is behind the betrayal of Theon (which is valid considering what has been shown).
He also didn't understand why Brienne immeditely swore and oath to Catelyn after Renly dies and thinks that Brienne has motives of here own.  
Also... that Shae is a spy becuase she won't talk about her family during the game and is buddy-buddy with Varys, that Jon Snow is really Benjen's kid, and that Arya will be the first female to join the night's watch.
1492	Darryk	2013-01-28	A lot of non-book readers have assumed that Dany is going to westeros, and that the Others (or White Walkers in the show) are marching on the Wall.
A lot of non-book readers have also been told by book readers that:
a) GRRM is ruthless with his characters. Hence the number of non-book readers who assume Robb is a goner, as much as they hope he isn't.
b  Something really intense happens in book 3.
I watched the first two seasons before reading the books. As a non-book reader I:
- Believed the wildlings were camped out in the region because Mance was looking for an artefact. Not far off I guess, but I thought the artefact would be some kind of mystical sword that only a "true king" could wield. So in other words I thought GRRM had included the classic Excalibur/Gram motif like Jordan did with Callandor in WoT. Of course I believed Jon would be the one to find and wield the sword, not Mance.
- Thought that when Tyrion told Littlefinger he would be the "centerpiece of his next deception", they had hatched some plan together that was yet to come to fruition, and that Catlin releasing Jaime was somehow part of it. Way off, I know. Told this theory to my cousin, a book reader, and I could tell he wasn't impressed. All he said was that Tyrion in the books doesn't trust Littlefinger an inch.
I also assumed Robb would die, but it still shocked me when I read it in the books as I'm sure it will the TV audience when they see it. Nothing can prepare you for THAT.
					
					
							Edited by Darryk, 28 January 2013 - 05:31 PM.
1493	the bastard of starfall	2013-01-28	Ok, at times I'm ashamed to know this person...Jon will be excused from the NW, and head south to join Robb and Catelyn (who is overjoyed to see him, as Ned is dead and Jon has Ned's blood in him... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ) Jon runs into Bran and Rickon on the road and takes them south with him. Y'know, because they all have wolves, and wolves have tracking devices for each other or something.Arya makes it to Riverrun, and is there for Jon's arrival.LF fulfills his promise to Sansa, taking her (somehow not getting killed in the war that is, y'know, in full swing) by road to Riverrun, and as a result, hooks up with Cat. Sansa gets with Gendry. Arya and Jon play swordfighting, and all the direwolves are united (because Sean Bean didn't really kill Lady!)The big happy family unite and destroy the Lannisters, apart from Tyrion, because he is friends with Jon, who vouches for him. Tyrion explains what really went down with the whole trying-to-kill-Bran thing, that practically every other Lannister was involved. But not him.But, oh no, the Others are coming! Dany has sailed to Westeros, her Dragons then toast the others who melt away. The Wildlings now have nothing to run away from and so retreat home. Jon and Dany fall madly in love /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> and rule together, with Tyrion as Hand (who is happily married to the genuine, kind Shae) and the dragons (sweet giant lizard pets, dontchaknow) live in KL with them. Stannis cooperates because he was practically defeated already. Robb goes happily back to Winterfell with his family, and everyone is happy.BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA! that poor summer child still thinks there is hope
1494	ebevan91	2013-01-29	This thread was fun to read.
Unfortunately I don't know anyone who watches the show or reads the books.
Anyway, my theories were (most of these are theories for after season 2, but some were before certain episodes, you should be able to tell which ones are which):
-Stannis and Renly would join forces and take King's Landing. Boy was I wrong there... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
-I honestly thought Arya would tell Jaqen to kill Joffrey, Cersei, and probably Tywin, but when I saw that she was naming these random people, I stopped guessing that.
-Jon would stay with the wildlings
-Bran would reach the Wall, but Jon wouldn't be there because he's off with the wildlings
-Robb (and only Robb) would receive some kind of punishment for breaking the marriage pact the Freys, but what actually happened hit me so hard and fast that I didn't see it coming (didn't even pick up on any of the clues at all)
-Talisa is actually a spy... could still be possible
-Arya would continue north to the Wall or Winterfell
-Sansa would remain in King's Landing for a whlie (which turned out to be true)
-Tyrion would just become some small council member since Tywin arrived
-Brienne and Jaime would actually reach King's Landing (well I was right on that one as well)
-I didn't have a clue on what Dany was going to do next. I figured she wasn't going to Westeros yet because she didn't have an army.
-Davos, poor Davos. Everybody kinda forgot about him. Including me. But he's one of my top POVs now
-I had no theories for Joffrey because I knew the PW was coming thanks to Youtube comment spoilers
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 29 January 2013 - 09:59 PM.
1495	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-01-30	I liked the one about how Cat might be having Brienne take Jaime somewhere safe like Riverrun to hold him so Karstark wouldn't kill him, but not actually to King's Landing.  I mean, dude - this is show CAT.  As if she would think of something that makes that much sense.Book Cat isn't much more capable of something that makes that much sense, either.
1496	StarkRedrum	2013-01-30	A friend of mine was convinced Tywin was going to die in the season finale.He probably will, in another finale /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1497	Rapsie	2013-02-06	Another great entry from the TWOP site where a poster said there was no difference between Tywin leaving Arya with Gregor and Jaq leaving her with Gendry, the implication being that Gendry and Gregor weren't too different to be left with.
Oh and that Tywin was a good father figure as he was mentoring her between right and wrong. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1498	Pinkie Baelish	2013-02-06	My friend thought that Sandor would join the Night's Watch and be a hardass on the new recruits. He also thought that Sam Tarly would transform from a fat craven to a brave, strong fighter.
1499	Kasrith	2013-02-17	My friend just started reading SoS, so he really has no idea yet what's happening, and a theory he mentioned the other day which was amusing was the Orell is the three eyed crow (cause, you know, he's the only other warg we know of and he's north of the Wall) so Bran and co are making their way to the wildling camp where Bran will once again be united with Jon and learn to fly via the eagle Orell commands etc
 /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1500	Cheshire Rat	2013-02-28	My boss is the only person I know who only watches the show and we discuss it sometimes although he's made it abundantly clear that I am not to spoil him. However, we did get into an argument over who was the rightful heir to the throne. He insisted it was Gendry and will not believe me that he's not in the succession as he's illegitimate. I snapped one time that it was Stannis and that was how I figured out that apparently I subconsciously support Stannis. But it is really hard not to ruin things for him. Like he really likes TV Shae with Tyrion and I just have to be noncommittal and go "oh yes, she's lovely." He still insists that Gendry will sit the iron throne though.
1501	lannistergold	2013-03-01	- Littlefinger's nickname hints that he wants to be Hand (not a bad guess really)
- Gregor Clegane is a shapeshifter.
- Ned Stark would live (NOT - this is Sean Bean we're talking about).
					
					
							Edited by lannistergold, 01 March 2013 - 01:17 AM.
1502	Khal Pono	2013-03-09	- Gregor Clegane is a shapeshifter.I'm curious how they came up with that one???  Just because he was played by two different actors?  They thought the *character* changed his face, and no one else said anything or thought it unusual?
1503	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-10	OK, Im a non-reader.
I have a few theories, like:
Ned is NOT Jons father, even though he said:"you have my blood".
In the end, either Arya or Gendry will sit on the Throne..... and stay there till he/she dies a natural death.
Arya and Gendry will get it on...... so will Jorah and the Dragonlady, while the Dragons watch them.
Robbs new wife, that Talisa girl, will get killed because Robb betrayed that creepy old fart from the "twin towers". Or maybe Catelyn will get killed for that.
The Bastard burnt Winterfell, not the Ironborn.
And last but not least, Shae the funny whore just isnt that funny.
I cant wait to see what the half man and Varys are gonna do next. They are my favorite characters after Arya. Hopefully Tyrion will bitchslap Joffrey at least one more time.
					
					
							Edited by JoePescisBoss, 10 March 2013 - 11:16 PM.
1504	Pinkie Baelish	2013-03-11	OK, Im a non-reader.I have a few theories, like:Ned is NOT Jons father, even though he said:"you have my blood".In the end, either Arya or Gendry will sit on the Throne..... and stay there till he/she dies a natural death.Arya and Gendry will get it on...... so will Jorah and the Dragonlady, while the Dragons watch them.Robbs new wife, that Talisa girl, will get killed because Robb betrayed that creepy old fart from the "twin towers". Or maybe Catelyn will get killed for that.The Bastard burnt Winterfell, not the Ironborn.And last but not least, Shae the funny whore just isnt that funny.I cant wait to see what the half man and Varys are gonna do next. They are my favorite characters after Arya. Hopefully Tyrion will bitchslap Joffrey at least one more time.Heh.I like your theories, but I'd advise that you avoid this forum until you read the books, unless you want major events spoiled for you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I don't want to comment on whether you're right or not, because I'm afraid of spoiling it for you.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 11 March 2013 - 02:36 AM.
1505	Jaqen H'gcarl	2013-03-11	Heh.I like your theories, but I'd advise that you avoid this forum until you read the books, unless you want major events spoiled for you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I don't want to comment on whether you're right or not, because I'm afraid of spoiling it for you.Heh.This is absolutely true. HEED THIS MANS WORDS.
1506	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-12	Heh.I like your theories, but I'd advise that you avoid this forum until you read the books, unless you want major events spoiled for you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I don't want to comment on whether you're right or not, because I'm afraid of spoiling it for you.True, but I just cant wait for the show anymore. Needed to read sth about the show. I dont mind a few spoilers, as long as it doesnt change everything. Like the White Walkers melting the fuckin wall.
1507	protar	2013-03-22	Not exactly theories, but it fits best here. Anyway I was showing my friend (who is about to start watching the series.) some pictures of the characters to see if he could cotton on to their personalities with no prior information. He was surprisingly accurate. To paraphrase:
Joffrey: Immediately caught on he was a douche.
Sansa: Nice, but has her hissy fits.
Viserys: Looks a bit mental
Robb: Neutral and boring.
Jon: A bit moody, doesn't smile much.
Tyrion: He just looks awesome.
Theon: Oh Dear.
1508	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	I was with a few non-readers friends and heard a couple of pretty funny stuff /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />Melisandre was in a magic boat during Blackwater and it was her that killed DavosThe "magic boat" theory still makes me laugh, and I often recount it to my book-reading friends.I thought of it again during S3 E1 when Melisandre tells Davos, "I'm not your enemy... Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the Wildfire killed our men by the thousands."So much for the magic boat theory.Then again... if she was there, in a magic boat, I'm not sure she would admit it.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 April 2013 - 05:11 AM.
1509	Paradoxlogos	2013-06-12	That the Mad King was not really mad but somehow knew that fire was the one thing that killed the White Walkers and was trying to save humanity at the cost of his own kingdom and that in the end they would completely take over, while had the Mad King suceeded it would only have been his own kingdom that would have needed to die.
1510	Victarion Dayne	2013-06-14	WW are a totally different species than humans.
1511	Ser Alister	2013-06-14	My dad who absolutely love the show but has some trouble remembering all the characters has some really interesting theories after the finale of season 3, including some of them I already saw on the Internet :
- Hodor is not a simpleton but is hiding his true nature because he is an important man. 
- Arya and Sandor will team up for a long time and Sandor will take her to the people she wants to kill or Arya will meet Jaqen soon. 
- Next season will mainly concern Danny's landing in Westeros.
1512	Victarion Dayne	2013-06-15	My dad who absolutely love the show but has some trouble remembering all the characters has some really interesting theories after the finale of season 3, including some of them I already saw on the Internet :- Hodor is not a simpleton but is hiding his true nature because he is an important man.- Arya and Sandor will team up for a long time and Sandor will take her to the people she wants to kill or Arya will meet Jaqen soon.- Next season will mainly concern Danny's landing in Westeros.But he has been saying Hodor since, like forever.Hodor is a hodor.HODOR! Hodor hodor, hodor hodor hodor. Hodor hodor hodor hodor.
1513	Sordelor	2013-06-17	Ok, at times I'm ashamed to know this person...Jon will be excused from the NW, and head south to join Robb and Catelyn (who is overjoyed to see him, as Ned is dead and Jon has Ned's blood in him... /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ) Jon runs into Bran and Rickon on the road and takes them south with him. Y'know, because they all have wolves, and wolves have tracking devices for each other or something.Arya makes it to Riverrun, and is there for Jon's arrival.LF fulfills his promise to Sansa, taking her (somehow not getting killed in the war that is, y'know, in full swing) by road to Riverrun, and as a result, hooks up with Cat. Sansa gets with Gendry. Arya and Jon play swordfighting, and all the direwolves are united (because Sean Bean didn't really kill Lady!)The big happy family unite and destroy the Lannisters, apart from Tyrion, because he is friends with Jon, who vouches for him. Tyrion explains what really went down with the whole trying-to-kill-Bran thing, that practically every other Lannister was involved. But not him.But, oh no, the Others are coming! Dany has sailed to Westeros, her Dragons then toast the others who melt away. The Wildlings now have nothing to run away from and so retreat home. Jon and Dany fall madly in love /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> and rule together, with Tyrion as Hand (who is happily married to the genuine, kind Shae) and the dragons (sweet giant lizard pets, dontchaknow) live in KL with them. Stannis cooperates because he was practically defeated already. Robb goes happily back to Winterfell with his family, and everyone is happy.BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA!Your friend has forgotten king Balon.
1514	Hound Dog	2013-06-17	My boyfriend is convinced that Arya's now going to go back to King's Landing and murder Joffrey and defeat all the Lannister's. "It's so obvious," he says over and over again.
1515	Ser Luke.	2013-06-20	Dany will come to Westeros at the Season 4 finale. 
/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1516	TalalOfDorne	2013-06-21	None /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> .
My non reader friends have no creativity...
1517	Cersei of the Kingsguard	2013-06-22	My dad who absolutely love the show but has some trouble remembering all the characters has some really interesting theories after the finale of season 3, including some of them I already saw on the Internet :- Hodor is not a simpleton but is hiding his true nature because he is an important man.- Arya and Sandor will team up for a long time and Sandor will take her to the people she wants to kill or Arya will meet Jaqen soon.- Next season will mainly concern Danny's landing in Westeros.i like Walder one ... sadly i dont think he is pretending but he may know stuff and many people consider him a descendant of sir Dunkan the Tall
1518	Lord Flashheart	2013-03-09	I found the end of Season 2 of GOT to be a little puzzling at first. Sam is surrounded by White Walkers and Wights and none of them attack him. The only plausible explanation I can come up with is that Sam swearing his oath in front of the Old God's has afforded him some kind of protection? any thoughts or other theories I would like to know what other people thought.
1519	ebevan91	2013-03-10	Would you want a fat guy on your side?
1520	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-10	Maybe they dont wanna get near the smell. Samwell obviously pissed himself and probably more....
1521	TheButcherCrow	2013-03-11	The theory I heard was that Sam had a dragonglass dagger on him & the WW's could sense it & steered clear. Not sure if I buy it, but it's the show so...
1522	Tony Rigatoni	2013-03-12	The theory I heard was that Sam had a dragonglass dagger on him & the WW's could sense it & steered clear. Not sure if I buy it, but it's the show so...IDK, that seems like it would be really hard to explain on screen. I just assumed he was one lone crow that was so afraid the ww knew he wouldn't pose a threat. Maybe the ww thinks he needs every wight since there are 200 crows on the fist with fire arrows?
1523	Louis Cachet	2013-03-12	I think it was shot badly, I reckon he was further away from them, The camera at an odd angle.
1524	StannisandDaeny	2013-03-12	The way I see it, the White Rectum-Faced Freezer Uruk didn't bother attacking him because he didn't pose a threat, and he was sure the Wights would just waltz over him, which is exactly what would happen if he didn't move. Why go out of your way to attack him if your army is already well on its way to kill him? No general would do that.
Another possibility is that he was afraid of Sam's size. Nothing North of the wall has seen anything that fat before.
1525	Blutrabe	2013-03-12	They must have had a good reason to leave Sam cut off from the Fist amidst the Others' army, otherwise it would be just stupid. I wonder how the battle will play out in S3.
1526	Ser Lepus	2013-03-12	Maybe he didn't see him at all? They seem to be nocturnal, so they could have an awful diurnal vision.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Lepus, 13 March 2013 - 09:27 AM.
1527	Buckwheat	2013-03-13	I found the end of Season 2 of GOT to be a little puzzling at first. Sam is surrounded by White Walkers and Wights and none of them attack him. The only plausible explanation I can come up with is that Sam swearing his oath in front of the Old God's has afforded him some kind of protection? any thoughts or other theories I would like to know what other people thought.The oath offers no protection whatsoever, it only has a role under the laws of the human society, nothing supernatural in those words.I think it was a pretty silly scene and whatever they do will look like a copout, but I guess the explantion Ser Lepus offers makes most sense.
1528	Dma2282	2013-03-30	I think this scene eschewed the canon out of necessity. a) It ends the season out with a bang, similar to the first season. The WW are the show's (and the book's) great mystery. This severely hangs over the cliff so the last scene resonates. (kinda obvi statement) /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> It couldn't have been because of his vow to the Old God's, because Othor as a Wight attacked Jon, who had long been loyal to the Old Gods, and is a warg to boot, 
finally, most importantly, c) it sets up a necessary transition. HBO likely doesn't want to fund the Battle at the Fist of the First Men, and will just have Sam wandering up as the NW begins to rout. This will speed the story along and the battle isn't really necessary to the story, just a little POV from Jeor Mormont's eventual mutineers, and even that is unnecessary because the mutiny could just foment at Craster's.
1529	Kiss of Fire	2013-04-04	Perhaps the WW have a way to see the future (ie: like Mel) and know Sam will possess the Horn that will take down the wall....so they leave him be and will come after him later.
1530	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-04	The White Walker left Will alive in the prologue to season 1 when they obviously coulda/shoulda/woulda killed him. 
So perhaps they like to leave a survivor to send a message.
1531	PetyrBaelish	2013-04-16	The White Walker left Will alive in the prologue to season 1 when they obviously coulda/shoulda/woulda killed him.So perhaps they like to leave a survivor to send a message.that's an interesting point I never thought about.  But it was puzzling and kind of pissed me off that a whole army of undead warriors would just pass up an easy kill, especially when a random wight is attacking him in the first episode of S3 and it's never explained how he escaped, ya know, that whole rest of the army marching around him.  It just doesn't make any sense.  Why would the whole army march past him, he somehow get away, and then a random loner wight try and kill him?
1532	Spilly	2013-05-01	I thought that maybe the Other understood that Sam had dragonglass, either that or they have a higher knowledge and understand Coldhand's need for sam?
1533	Esa1996	2013-05-02	The White Walker left Will alive in the prologue to season 1 when they obviously coulda/shoulda/woulda killed him.So perhaps they like to leave a survivor to send a message.That's again a change from the books. In the books Will was hiding in a tree and the WW never even knew he was there. They killed Ser Waymar, who turned into a wight, and killed Will, when he came down from the tree. In the books it was Gared who survived. He stayed with the horses, and left at some point when he got to know the situation. The WW never knew of Gared either.
1534	Winterz	2013-05-07	That's again a change from the books. In the books Will was hiding in a tree and the WW never even knew he was there. They killed Ser Waymar, who turned into a wight, and killed Will, when he came down from the tree. In the books it was Gared who survived. He stayed with the horses, and left at some point when he got to know the situation. The WW never knew of Gared either.Gared saw the White Walkers so it's more than certain that they noticed him too. Remember what the Wildlings said..they're everywhere, watching everything. And besides, Gared had a lot to walk alone until reaching the Wall, are you seriously considering that the WW never noticed him?
1535	Hound n Pound	2012-07-12	My guess would be the Clegane brothers and maybe Ser Barristan on Loras Tyrell.
1536	Ran	2012-07-14	The Cleganes and Barristan seem to be the obvious picks.
1537	Winterz	2012-07-14	Well Jaime was quite the arrogant but he respected Barristan and the Cleganes' raw force so those are the most likely choices...even though it is possible that there more better than him (maybe Garlan Tyrell)
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 14 July 2012 - 07:28 AM.
1538	The Hedge Knight	2012-07-16	My guess would be the Clegane brothers and maybe Ser Barristan on Loras Tyrell.The Clegane's are not great swordsman, they are just brutes. Jamie could probably beat them with both hands, he would probably be smart enough to not charge them and to wear them out.
1539	Baratheon Badassery	2012-07-16	I doubt Loras Tyrell could, Maybe if they were the Same age, but Jaime's been fighting longer than Loras has been Alive. 
I think it'd be a tossup between Gregor and Jaime, depending completely on the Circumstances. I'd put my money on Jaime over Sandor, but it wouldn't be a safe bet.
I think Syrio Forell would be a great show. First Sword of Braavos vs the best swordsman in the Seven Kingdoms.
1540	The Hedge Knight	2012-07-16	I doubt Loras Tyrell could, Maybe if they were the Same age, but Jaime's been fighting longer than Loras has been Alive.I think it'd be a tossup between Gregor and Jaime, depending completely on the Circumstances. I'd put my money on Jaime over Sandor, but it wouldn't be a safe bet.I think Syrio Forell would be a great show. First Sword of Braavos vs the best swordsman in the Seven Kingdoms.Well Syrio yeah but I doubt Jamie even knows who he is.
1541	Lord Hound	2012-07-16	The Hound
The Mountain That Rides
Ser Barristan Selmy
1542	Masamune	2012-07-16	Old Nan.
Hot Pie.
Moon Boy.
1543	Slingingstones	2012-07-17	Speed, accuracy of placing the pointy end, and endurance are the hallmarks of great sword play.
Have someone throw an apple at you as hard as can be thrown.  Try to spear that apple dead center with a meter long, one-handed, pointy stick consistently...should give you an idea of the accuracy of great swordsmanship I'm referring to.
The pointy end need not be moved no more than the "sign of the cross", very little effort of strength; but, tons of control and hand-eye coordination.
The design and type of weapon makes all the difference, light, medium, heavy, foil to cutlass.
Selmy, Brienne, Oberyn.<prior to Joffery's wedding.
1544	Aemrys	2012-07-17	Barristan is an obvious pick. We know that Jaime admired him in his youth as a magnificent knight, and having been commanded by him, surely Jaime is aware of his skills, even though he's old.
The Clegane's are strong candidates. Especially The Mountain.
How about The Red Viper though? We know he's formidable, but does Jaime? Also while he's deadly, he was only vastly superior to Gregor because of his enourmous size and slow movement due to his size + heavy plate armor. Jaime would be significantly quicker and lighter on his feet, but even so The Red Viper would be a very deadly foe for anyone.
I'm uncertain if Jaime had knowledge of Loras' full skills at the time he said what he said. Even so I don't see Loras besting him, while he's deadly and all.
					
					
							Edited by Aemrys, 17 July 2012 - 03:06 PM.
1545	Paxda5	2012-07-18	Barristan is an obvious pick. We know that Jaime admired him in his youth as a magnificent knight, and having been commanded by him, surely Jaime is aware of his skills, even though he's old.The Clegane's are strong candidates. Especially The Mountain.How about The Red Viper though? We know he's formidable, but does Jaime? Also while he's deadly, he was only vastly superior to Gregor because of his enourmous size and slow movement due to his size + heavy plate armor. Jaime would be significantly quicker and lighter on his feet, but even so The Red Viper would be a very deadly foe for anyone.I'm uncertain if Jaime had knowledge of Loras' full skills at the time he said what he said. Even so I don't see Loras besting him, while he's deadly and all.Thing is with the viper is that all he's got to do is pierce his opponents with his spear and they die anyway, win or lose.
1546	Flig	2012-07-18	The obvious is Barristan, of course.
I don't see where all this hype for the Cleganes comes from, they were brutes (mostly), as long as Jaime fights smart and moves quick, he shouldn't have too much of a problem.
What I want to see is a fight between Jaime, and the most understated character of the series:(if he doesn't eventually appear in the show, I'm gonna be a sad, sad boy) Garlan Tyrell. Loras himself has stated that Garlan can best him in swordsmanship, so anybody throwing Loras into the ring has to drop Garlan in there, too.
1547	Raja	2012-07-19	Old Nan.Hot Pie.Moon Boy.Patchface? Lommy ?
1548	Zuzu Bolin	2012-07-23	Bronn would take him.
1549	998	2012-07-23	Old Nan.Hot Pie.Moon Boy.I think Hodor is better.
1550	Blutrabe	2012-07-23	Garlan is said to be a better swordsman than Loras.
And I consider Bronn one of the best swordsmen of the realm.
1551	7V3N	2012-07-23	The Clegane's are not great swordsman, they are just brutes. Jamie could probably beat them with both hands, he would probably be smart enough to not charge them and to wear them out.Wrong. Sandor is regarded as one of the greatest swordsmen in the realm. His size certainly assists that. Gregor certainly depends more on strength, as most of his kills (if not all) that we hear of or see are due to sheer strength.Loras is said to be a good swordsman with great potential, but not yet great. He is known more for his ability with a lance.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 23 July 2012 - 08:27 PM.
1552	The Hedge Knight	2012-07-24	Garlan is said to be a better swordsman than Loras.And I consider Bronn one of the best swordsmen of the realm.He isn't one of the best, we only really see him battle some misc soldiers and the knight in the Vale. He survives because he is not honorable and as we see when (AFFC spoiler) he refuses to help Tyrion fight the mountain.
1553	Franz95	2012-07-25	The Kettleblacks /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />The Clegane brothers, that I can say. Barristan is not in the Realm anymore so I think we should look for another... I'd say Garlan but Garlan doesn't exist in the show, so probably Ser Loras. (What good Jaime does not know is that Brienne has already bested Loras...)
1554	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-07-27	Thing is with the viper is that all he's got to do is pierce his opponents with his spear and they die anyway, win or lose.Wasn't the remark greatest swordsmen?
1555	Adelstein	2012-07-28	There was a point in the books - I forget which - where (iirc) Jaime overhears some soldiers talking about killing the Hound and mentally raises an eyebrow. He has a lot of time for Sandor's abilities: he's not just big and strong but apparently freakishly fast as well. Gregor isn't as skilled or as fast but his size and reach make up for that.
Assuming that Jaime was talking about swordsmanship and not including other forms of combat, then I'd imagine he'd be talking about Barristan and the Cleganes. Oberyn seems to specialise in other weapons, and Loras is foremost a jouster. I don't expect he even knows who Bronn is (although I don't think Bronn is quite as good as some fans would suggest anyway) and the qualities of Garlan Tyrell seem relatively obscure even in-world.
Or, you know, Darkstar. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
1556	The King of Worms	2012-08-02	The HoundThe Mountain That RidesSer Barristan SelmyI think those are the ones that Jaime would pick. He respected Barristan a lot from back in the day. He seems to fear the Hound a little, and respects Clegane for his size.I think guys from the North like the Half-hand or Mance Raydar aren't even on his radar. He looks down on all Northerners and the Wall. And guys like Bronn he doesn't even notice. He's not like Tyrion... he's stupidly snobbish like his sister.I think Brienne, Halfhand, Bronn, Mance and others could beat Jaime on a good day. I personally didn't like his lame little boast.
1557	Swiftraven	2012-08-02	I think it's the Cleganes and Barristan to be honest. I know that both Gregor and Sandor rely heavily on brute force but Jaime says that Sandor is actually very quick in combat and of course Gregor would probably stand a chance at defeating anybody really. And even though Jaime has a big ego, I think he simply has too much respect for Ser Barristan to say that he wouldn't stand a chance against him.
I don't think Loras is one of them because even though Jaime recognizes his skill (and that he is basically Jaime when he was younger) he never views Loras as an equal swordsman. He even tells him that he was stronger, faster and better at his age in Feast IIRC. And Garlan is described as the better swordsman of the two Tyrell brothers anyway.
1558	Blutrabe	2012-08-07	I didn't think of Mance Rayder. That man is a swordmaster.
					
					
							Edited by Blutrabe, 07 August 2012 - 04:30 PM.
1559	Ramsay Blow	2012-08-08	Yes. The Cleganes and Whitebeard. I think if Jaimie fought Bronn in his prime it would be a massacre with Jaime the victor.
1560	Lannister Hamster	2012-08-13	In the world of the tv series I think it's:
1. Ser Barristan (definitely)
and probably
The Mountain
Loras Tyrell
I guess alternatively the Hound but in tv land I would think only those 4 characters
1561	Rolex Baratheon	2012-08-13	Guys, Sandor is most probably a better fighter than Gregor. Only about a foot shorter than Gregor who's eight feet tall and is apparently extremely fast as well. So for a small difference in brute strength, Sandor has a great advantage in speed over Gregor.
1562	King of the Road	2012-08-13	Sandor Clegane 
Bronn
Ser Barristan Selmy
1563	fat pink maester	2012-08-13	Let's not forget Sandor fought off Gregor's apparent kill strikes at the Hand's tourney, helmetless, while not fighting back.
Would Jaime know about Donal Noye from before the wall? Guy killed a giant as a fat old out-of-practice smith... and he made Bob's hammer and fought in loads of battles.
I think Jaime had a certain respect for King Bob, otherwise he might've tried a little harder to defend his sister's honour (assuming Bob honoured her frequently).
Also, outside bet: Thoros - won the tourney, battles aplenty and first through the greyjoy wall.
Just thought of him now: Victarion - sailed into lannisport and burned the lannister fleet, so Jaime must have some idea of him, although whether this extends to his fighting skill is just a guess.
1564	Masamune	2012-08-13	Sandor Clegane BronnSer Barristan SelmyDoes Jaime even know who Bronn is?
1565	Lannister Hamster	2012-08-14	Does Jaime even know who Bronn is?I would say definitely not.It has to be 3 knights or well renowned individuals that he knows - and I would say at least 2 have to be mentioned on tv since Jamie said this on tv and not in the book
1566	lmanion	2012-08-23	It has been said a few times that this is something he only says on the show. He wouldn't know who Bronn is, he probably has an idea that Brienne beat Loras and that Loras is mainly good in the joust. He looks down on northerners, old King Bob was better with the hammer than a sword and dead besides, the red viper hasnt been mentioned yet and fights with a spear. Thoros is possible and has been mentioned by Jaime but his ability is mostly said to be his flaming sword and Jaime only has respect for one of his brothers in the Kingsguard, former LC Barristan Selmy.
I would say the 3 are Selmy, and the Cleganes
1567	The Gr33ns33r	2012-09-12	Arthur Dayne. But he's dead D':.Selmy, but he is quite old now. Although he is a great swordsman - he's over sixty In Westeros! (Age badly, no medicine.. etc).Loras Tyrell - he has youth on his hands. Although Jaime isn't old yet (Only mind 30s), Loras is young and fit.The Hound - Sandor might be able to. He has strength, agility and practice. But he's a large target. Still considered large next to his brother.
1568	Zod	2012-09-22	A bit off-topic, but how would Eddard Stark's sword-fighting skills compare to Ser Barristan Selmy and to Jaime Lannister?
1569	PrettySweet	2012-11-02	He was obviously referring to Barristan as one of the three.
As for the other two...probably the Clegane brothers. Even Jaime acknowledges in ASoS that both Cleganes are stronger than he is...but with "speed and skill he could best them all." I don't think he was aware of Garlan's skill at the time so I would rule him out. And you have to evaluate what he says even more. He said they'd have a "chance", not that they could beat him. I personally feel that no one could beat Jaime prior to him losing his hand.
1570	PrettySweet	2012-11-02	A bit off-topic, but how would Eddard Stark's sword-fighting skills compare to Ser Barristan Selmy and to Jaime Lannister?He was obviously very good in his youth. The whole thing that went down at the Tower of Joy attests to that. He at least went toe to toe with Arthur Dayne for a little while, at least holding him off until Howland Reed stepped in. I just disliked the scene in the show where he fights Jaime on equal footing. I don't believe that around the time GoT takes place that he can hang with Jaime anymore, but the show makes it seem like he can. I think a combination of old age and him being rusty deteriorated his skills to the point where he was just above average at that point.
1571	Adelstein	2012-11-02	Well, it's worth bearing in mind that in book terms Ned was only two or three years older than Jaime and only about thirty-five at the time of that fight. By that point it's unlikely his abilities would have seriously declined through old age; he might be a little rusty, but Jaime is likely to be too. Neither of them has fought an actual battle for a while and both of them will have been sparring with competent masters-at-arms.
It's also entirely possible that Jaime wasn't fighting to the best of his ability and was being more wary than normal. He's always been a little wary of Ned, ever since that moment with the Iron Throne, and he's aware that Ned is experienced enough not to fall for something like the trick he used to take out Jory. He also has no experience of watching Ned fight, so doesn't know if Ned has any particular favourite moves. Given a little longer, I suspect Jaime would have beaten him, but going toe to toe for a few blows isn't too unrealistic, I think.
Although for what it's worth, I always liked the ambiguity of the books, and how we can't assess Ned's capabilities because we never see him fight. The duel with Jaime kind of detracted from that, but I can see why it was felt necessary for television. Obviously, too, screen Ned is older than book Ned, but that's another adaptation issue (like TVStannis). In this context age means more experience as much as it means slower reflexes.
1572	The Tower of Joy	2012-11-23	I would say:
Selmy
The Red Viper 
The Hound
1573	Shadow on the Wall	2012-11-27	^The Red Viper is a spearmen.
Two of the the three swordsmen are clearly Barristan Selmy and Gregor Clegane. I think it likely that Sandor Clegane is the third.
Wrt the battle with Ned, I didn't like how Ned and Jaime were sparring as equals - I think it would have been better if Jaime was having ever so slightly the upper hand, but it was still an awesome scene. That said, the scene wasn't implausible - the fight wasn't long and it's possible that Jaime was simply being careful and respecting his opponent as Adelstein said.
Adelstein? That sounds very similar to my name. It couldn't be Adelbert Steiner...could it?
EDIT: Probably not. Turns out Adelstein is actually a genuine name of an actor!
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 27 November 2012 - 08:06 PM.
1574	Lannister Hamster	2012-11-28	Its probably only one of the Cleganes. I'd guess the third is Loras Tyrell - who I know isn't in the book, but its likely in the show he is an amalgamation of Loras and his supremely talented brother.
1575	Bolivar	2012-12-11	Lyn Corbray, Oberyn Martell and Victarion Greyjoy.
Jaime thinks about this in ASoS, and he takes the Cleganes off this list because of speed and skill. I don't recall if Barristan is mentioned in the passage, but he's well past his prime, whereas Jaime is in his. That's why I pick Victarion - not only is he a hell of a fighter but his first chapter sets up just how in his prime he is.
Oberyn's battle-tested; he's fought in the free companies and is deceitful.
Lyn Corbray wields Lady Forlorn and killed Prince Lewyn Martell of the Kingsguard at the Trident I believe, and he was considerably young at the time (Martell may have been injured and the details of the story embellished). He's only  more seasoned, more deceitful, and more dangerous.
1576	ShowOverBooks	2012-12-11	I don't believe for a second that The Mountain is not on that list.
1577	theriveryeti	2013-01-30	Considering the description of Mance (as Rattleshirt) fighting Jon, I'd put him in the top 3.  He's been in as many battles as anyone during the course of the books, and it hasn't been tourney b.s.
1578	eimorylorts	2013-02-05	ser garlant maybe
jaken hÂ<U+0091>gar...
beluas the strong
and afew more
1579	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-02-27	Jaime's probably thinking of Barristan(who he doesn't know has left the realm ironically), Sandor and Gregor Clemene when he makes the comment to Brienne.
1580	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-12	My guess would be the Clegane brothers and maybe Ser Barristan on Loras Tyrell.Considering how they talked about Ser Barristan, I have no doubt that he is the best.
1581	GallowsKnight	2013-03-28	Barristan "The Bold" Selmy
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane
Brynden "Blackfish" Tully
Barristan is the last remaining of Aerys' legendary kingsguard, Sandor is a machine with speed, strength and skill. Brynden is an experienced veteran and one of Jaime's childhood heroes.
1582	chewietobbacca	2013-04-05	Definitely must have Barristan on the list... he's the only one Jaime in both TV and book form has universal praise for, something he rarely gives out to anyone at this point in his character
1583	Zappotack	2012-06-04	From this episode I take it Littlefinger is taking over Dontos role in getting Sansa out. I guess this makes sense with the show Littlefinger as he is not subtle at all.
1584	scurvy	2012-06-04	The other factor is that Sansa didn't leave KL w/ Sandor because she thought Dantos would get her out.  She rejected Sandor on the show for nothing.
1585	Magjee	2012-06-04	LF might use him on the show next season, or not.
The cast is becoming kinda huge.
Either way she escapes with LF
1586	Longspear Ryk	2012-06-04	Dontos being casted was a waste.. Shoulda gave us ramsey instead
1587	Hoya Karsa Orlong	2012-06-04	Im ok with LF.  Sets up LF using Dontos next season as alternative.   LF bumping him off and being behind the escape offer will have a little more foreshadowing.
1588	IngA3lfr	2012-06-04	Im ok with LF.  Sets up LF using Dontos next season as alternative.   LF bumping him off and being behind the escape offer will have a little more foreshadowing.This is pretty much what I anticipate. Dontos will probably be around for the next session or two as the intermediate between Petyr and Sansa while while the former is off being a magnificent bastard elsewhere.
1589	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-04	I don't think they would have gone through the trouble of introducing his character, and Sansa saving him from Joffrey's wrath, for no reason. D&D have said in several interviews that there were many seeds planted in S2 that will take root in S3. Dontos, Mance, the Boltons and the RW being definitely in that category.
1590	King Cheops	2012-06-04	The other factor is that Sansa didn't leave KL w/ Sandor because she thought Dantos would get her out.  She rejected Sandor on the show for nothing.Except that it could have been a trap or trick by Joffrey to test her.  You can see she thinks about it but then changes her mind.  Good acting on her part.Dontos can still serve a purpose because Petyr can't show his hand.  His plot needs Sansa to remain anonymous until he can wed her to Robyn so if he is too overtly involved in smuggling her out then it could link back to him.  Using Dontos means that there are no loose ends after he kills him.  Varys's birds can't be allowed to see/hear what's happening.
1591	turdle	2012-06-04	Except that it could have been a trap or trick by Joffrey to test her.  You can see she thinks about it but then changes her mind.  Good acting on her part.i guess... but then she says, "you won't hurt me." and he says, "no, i won't hurt you," and walks away. so i don't know that that explanation really works since she sincerely believes he won't hurt her. granted, sansa is VERY wary of any and everyone's attempt to be kind to her, but the hound said something to the effect of "the king can die just fine on his own," which would very strange of him to be bluffing given the nature of the hound, which sansa should know.
1592	King Cheops	2012-06-04	Yeah but he needs to build up the trust right?  I mean she runs away with Dontos and then it turns out he is taking her to Baelish for some gold and then Baelish kills Dontos.  He needs to start planting the idea in her head that he is on her side.
					
					
							Edited by King Cheops, 04 June 2012 - 11:23 PM.
1593	turdle	2012-06-04	Yeah but he needs to build up the trust right?  I mean she runs away with Dontos and then it turns out he is taking her to Baelish for some gold and then Baelish kills Dontos.  He needs to start planting the idea in her head that he is on her side.i was referring to her interaction with sandor.but yes, i agree that if dontos is going to be her means of escape they need to get that ball in motion.
1594	FierceElite	2012-06-04	I imagine Littlefinger will go to the Vale, and continue to use Dontos as the middleman until he returns to get Sansa. Not that I condone that they already gave away the fact that Littlefinger is the one pulling the strings.
1595	The Last Reyne	2012-06-05	Yeah but Dontos was a useless character in the book. I'm not going to miss him.
1596	Zappotack	2012-06-05	So now is he just going to be an actual fool and nothing else I wonder...
1597	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	I do not understand why they introduced him in the first episode and he did not appear since then - even if he appears in the next season again, no non-reader will remember who in seven hells he was.
1598	StarkWard	2012-06-05	I do not understand why they introduced him in the first episode and he did not appear since then - even if he appears in the next season again, no non-reader will remember who in seven hells he was.He appeared in Blackwater as the fool juggling in Maegor's Holdfast. Had about 2 seconds of screen time.
1599	Jojosh	2012-06-05	Did we even have a scene with sansa and dontos apart from the premiere? You could come to the conclusion that he was not important way earlier than now
1600	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	He appeared in Blackwater as the fool juggling in Maegor's Holdfast. Had about 2 seconds of screen time.Oh, he did? I apologise, I did not even notice him. That kind of shows how important he is in the show. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1601	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-06-05	I'm kinda relieved we see no more Dontos in the show. The very image of Sansa laying all her hopes on a drunkard seemed like a bad image for me in the books. Littlefinger, devilish as he is, is quite enjoyable and his plans to take advantage of Sansa's weakness and naivity really underline his character.
					
					
							Edited by Nathaniel Hawke, 05 June 2012 - 05:37 AM.
1602	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-05	Im ok with LF.  Sets up LF using Dontos next season as alternative.   LF bumping him off and being behind the escape offer will have a little more foreshadowing.Personally I liked the fact that Littlefinger emerging from the darkness of the ship came as a surprise to me. Yeah but Dontos was a useless character in the book. I'm not going to miss him.What?Personally, I am still optimistic Sansa's story can be done well, but only if they give the viewer the idea that Littlefinger has abandoned her by sailing to the Vale/ ratted on her re. her marriage to Willas. I will be incredibly disappointed if before LF leaves for the Vale, he gives us another "I'll get you home" speech.
1603	sennahoj	2012-06-05	I'd expect Littlefinger to use Dontos as a go-between to communicate with Sansa. Let's not forget that Dontos gets Sansa out of the castle in the books and is then killed (or ordered to be killed) by Littlefinger. So I don't see the contradiction there. Yes, Dontos was very low-profile this season, but I don't believe he was introduced for nothing. He will be Littlefinger's puppet (as much as he might have been in the books, don't quite remember now), because to be fair Littlefinger cannot draw attention to his plans of spiriting Sansa away by meeting with her in person. So Dontos will still have a role to play, I am sure.
1604	House Balstroko	2012-06-05	I think it could still play out like in the book, with Sansa fleeing with Dontos after the wedding,to Baelish's ship before he gets killed. In that case I think the character will need to get more screen time to establish his relationship with Sansa. Remember that Littlefinger will leave KL pretty soon, so he wont be able to bail her out on his own.
1605	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	Yeah but Dontos was a useless character in the book. I'm not going to miss him.Not really...he may not have been a sexy character, but he absolutely served purpose in keeping distance between his scheme and his target.Is he useless next season...no, they still have plenty of time to have him be a buffer, but it loses some of the punch since LF has all ready come out to Sansa.  For the rest of the court there still will be a distance between LF & Sansa in the plan, but not for the viewer, which could be very disappointing.
1606	Reposado	2012-06-05	Except that it could have been a trap or trick by Joffrey to test her.  You can see she thinks about it but then changes her mind.  Good acting on her part.Dontos can still serve a purpose because Petyr can't show his hand.  His plot needs Sansa to remain anonymous until he can wed her to Robyn so if he is too overtly involved in smuggling her out then it could link back to him.  Using Dontos means that there are no loose ends after he kills him.  Varys's birds can't be allowed to see/hear what's happening.if she feared a trap she shouldn't have mentioned that she would be safe with stannisI hope LF still uses Dontos as an intermediary. He travels so much he won't have time for meetings in the woods
1607	Kaitscralt	2012-06-05	The other factor is that Sansa didn't leave KL w/ Sandor because she thought Dantos would get her out.  She rejected Sandor on the show for nothing.Sansa had just been told by Shae, arguably the only one she trusts, that Stannis would not harm her. Everyone thought Stannis had won the battle. Makes perfect sense that she'd not go with the Hound.
1608	Morvran	2012-06-05	I rather think it's obvious that Petyr will use Dontos as his pawn to get Sansa out of KL.  They set him up already in a scene that people remember.  They repeat part of the scene during "Previously on Game of Thrones" and then Dontos gets Sansa out.  Once at the boat Petyr says, "I told you I would get you away."  Sansa has an ah-ha moment, Dontos gets his 'payment', and Petyr sails away with his new daughter.
1609	Versiroth	2012-06-05	From this episode I take it Littlefinger is taking over Dontos role in getting Sansa out. I guess this makes sense with the show Littlefinger as he is not subtle at all.In the book, LF uses Dontos to get Sansa out.   And given the fact that Sansa didn't seem to trust LF at the end of the last episode, it would make a lot of sense if next season, he again uses Dontos to help get Sansa out.   I mean, Sansa will still be there probably all of next season.  She doesn't leave until the night Joffrey dies.   She still has to befriend Margery and marry Tyrion.
1610	Raksha the Demon	2012-06-05	Sansa had just been told by Shae, arguably the only one she trusts, that Stannis would not harm her. Everyone thought Stannis had won the battle. Makes perfect sense that she'd not go with the Hound.It didn't make that much sense to me that Sansa decided not to go with the Hound.  In the book, Sandor is not only drunk, he is threatening and scary.  Personally, given the option of fleeing the city with the Hound and remaining and trusting in Ser Dontos, who has already pledged his help in an escape plan, at that point, I understand why Sansa did not run off with the man who had held a knife to her throat.In both scenarios, Sansa is also painfully aware of the dangers of a city in upheaval; given her experiences in the riots.  She has to make a leap of faith either way - that if she goes, Sandor will not hurt her and will be stable enough, though (as I remember) there are still plenty of fires burning, to get her out of the city in one piece despite battle and chaos, and if she stays, Stannis' men will not rape her if they come or Ser Ilyn will not find and kill her first.  Sansa has always tended toward caution; (though she does have moments of impulse that she calls 'mad' or 'wild', for better and worse); it does not surprise me that she chose to stay in both instances.  But Ser Dontos' escape plan was, I think, a major factor in her decision to tough it out for awhile longer in Cersei's keeping.  To remove that plan makes Sansa even more cautious and scared than she actually was.I imagine that there will be at least a scene or two next season of Littlefinger telling the other Council members that he can guarantee Lysa Arryn's continued neutrality and then his going to the Eyrie and wooing her.  They can still have Ser Dontos contact Sansa and be her 'Florian', poor slob.  It's a shame that they've totally ruined the surprise 'Gotcha!' moment when LF reveals himself as Dontos' puppet-master in ASOS, though.Even if they don't use Ser Dontos at all in the next season, he will have served a purpose in Sansa's development; to show that while she was a saddened prisoner, she at least had the compassion and gumption to speak up and save the life of a stranger who was being killed because he was drunk.  That Sansa has not become a totally bitter, vicious, backbiting girl in the toxic environment of King's Landing is in itself a victory for her.  (though she is more compassionate in the books; and prayed sincerely for Tyrion as well as others, and helped the injured Lancel, even though she counted him as an enemy)
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 05 June 2012 - 09:02 AM.
1611	Tadco26	2012-06-05	At the very least it was an odd decision to have Dontas introduced in episode 1, rather than delay til next season if he isn't going to appear again until then.  They didn't cast Reek, the Reeds, or include Selmy this season, so what was the point of Dontas?  Especially if we already know Littlefinger is behind the rescue, when in the books it looks like Dontas is.
1612	Tadco26	2012-06-05	Even if they don't use Ser Dontos at all in the next season, he will have served a purpose in Sansa's development; to show that while she was a saddened prisoner, she at least had the compassion and gumption to speak up and save the life of a stranger who was being killed because he was drunk.  The problem is on the show they were fighting to the death and she didn't save the man the Hound killed just prior to that.  If Dontos wasn't drunk either he or his opponent was likely to die when they fought anyway.
1613	Volantis	2012-11-10	Except that it could have been a trap or trick by Joffrey to test her.  Joffrey does not have the IQ to do that
1614	Dma2282	2013-03-30	Dontos' death by Littlefinger also is a good explication for Littlefinger's ruthlessness.
1615	K.C.	2012-06-04	Robb's family worships the Old Gods, and Talissa (Jeyne) is from Volantis, which in the books is home to R'hllor's temple. But they're married by a septon and say vows to the Seven.
Can someone provide some insight into why this is? It's too large a detail to be a mere oversight.
1616	Bayard	2012-06-04	Robb's family worships the Old Gods, and Talissa (Jeyne) is from Volantis, which in the books is home to R'hllor's temple. But they're married by a septon and say vows to the Seven.Can someone provide some insight into why this is? It's too large a detail to be a mere oversight.What it is, is an insult!!! Yeah, she is from Volantis, that doesn't mean she worships R'hlor, but she sure as hell doesn't worship the seven!! Even if she did, the king's religion is the one that matters, and Robb prays to the Old Gods without a doubt!!! He was the heir to Winterfell, I'm sure that Ned wouldn't have accepted him praying to the Seven, like Sansa does /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Anyway, I guess, maybe because they were in the Westerlands, they couldn't find a weirwood tree, so they had to settle for a septon.
1617	Bride of Winter	2012-06-04	the writers are idiots. That's my reason. I excused Karstark mentioning the mother, but there's no way I'll take any excuse for the KING IN THE NORTH marrying in the name of the Seven.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 04 June 2012 - 09:33 AM.
1618	samrtk	2012-06-04	There are no heart trees south of the Neck that are accessible. The Tullys follow the Seven. Two excusable reasons, given his position and hasty marriage.
The Karstark scene can be excused on account of the character's frustration perhaps?
Still two noticable continuity and backdrop errors.
1619	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	the writers are idiots. That's my reason. I excused Karstark mentioning the mother, but there's no way I'll take any excuse for the KING IN THE NORTH marrying in the name of the Seven. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  they should be more carefull with the differend religions
1620	udpaco13	2012-06-04	Karstark also said he would give his heart to the Father in one of the episodes.  Pretty weak IMO.
1621	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Robb's mom follows the seven and there was a Sept at Winterfell.    Heck, Sansa very openly worships the seven in the book series.   The fact that Robb was married by a septon is perfectly within the realm of plausibility.
1622	Septon Meribald	2012-06-04	The thing is I think they're just keeping everything in terms of the faith of the seven to keep it simple and easy, but since they haven't and can't remove the old gods entirely I think it's going to cause even more confusion.
1623	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I rarely, if ever complain about the show. I absolutely love it. This set my hair on fire. The simple reason for it is that the writers contradicted their own writing here. That is a first. I could forgive the Karstark reference to the father as something that would be said as a matter of every day speech and have nothing to do with his religion, but it is absolutely established that a huge reason that the North can unite is the worship of the old gods. This was a grievous error, and it took me away from the rest of the show.
1624	Versiroth	2012-06-04	I rarely, if ever complain about the show. I absolutely love it. This set my hair on fire. The simple reason for it is that the writers contradicted their own writing here. That is a first. I could forgive the Karstark reference to the father as something that would be said as a matter of every day speech and have nothing to do with his religion, but it is absolutely established that a huge reason that the North can unite is the worship of the old gods. This was a grievous error, and it took me away from the rest of the show.Is it ever said in the book series which gods Robb took?  Jon's gods were the old gods and Sansa's where the 7.  Heck, Arya will eventually worship the many faced god.    Not to mention Stanis turning away from the seven.
1625	David Selig	2012-06-04	Yeah, this was really silly. Lazy writing.
1626	drigoly	2012-06-04	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> because they don't want to confuse the in their opinion stupid tv-viewers with 3 religions... so everyone on westeros beliefs in the faith of the seven and Stannis has R'hlor
1627	Septon Meribald	2012-06-04	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> because they don't want to confuse the in their opinion stupid tv-viewers with 3 religions... so everyone on westeros beliefs in the faith of the seven and Stannis has R'hlorThe problem though is that they haven't done that and I think it's caused more confusion. The Ironmen talk about the Drowned God all the time. There's been plenty of talk of the Old Gods and the weirwoods. They just seem to forget who worships who occasionally.
1628	David Selig	2012-06-04	Is it ever said in the book series which gods Robb took?  Jon's gods were the old gods and Sansa's where the 7.  Heck, Arya will eventually worship the many faced god.	Not to mention Stanis turning away from the seven. Robb follows the Old Gods, there are a few scenes where we see him praying in front of a heart tree (when he first comes to Riverrun for example). Besides, even Ned wouldn't be so clueless politically as to allow his heir to follow other religion than the Old Gods and thus alienate his bannermen, the vast majority of which follow the Old Gods.
1629	Versiroth	2012-06-04	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> because they don't want to confuse the in their opinion stupid tv-viewers with 3 religions... so everyone on westeros beliefs in the faith of the seven and Stannis has R'hlorIs that why Jon took his vows before a heart tree?    Seriously guys......   They have mentioned the Seven, the Old Gods, R'hlor, The Drowned god and the Many Faced god is sure to come.
1630	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Robb follows the Old Gods, there are a few scenes where we see him praying in front of a heart tree (when he first comes to Riverrun for example).Besides, even Ned wouldn't be so clueless politically as to allow his heir to follow other religion than the Old Gods and thus alienate his bannermen, the vast majority of which follow the Old Gods.And yet he didn't care that his daughter followed the seven?
1631	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Also, even though Sansa follows the seven, she preys to a heart tree as well in the books, does she not?   The fact that they have parents that follow both likely means they were taught about both.
1632	CacauCinnamon	2012-06-04	I was also bothered by this,but I thought that was some detail justifying it somewhere that I missed, somehow...
Anyway, I think samrtk pointed valid reasons for the marriage being like that. I assume they'd marry again, properly, under a heart tree if they ever reached North.
Now, the Karstark thing is bizarre. It's hard to keep track of everyone's religions, but I hope they'll remember it better next season...
1633	David Selig	2012-06-04	And yet he didn't care that his daughter followed the seven? Sansa was not Ned's heir, and chances were she would marry a Southerner and leave Winterfell. Sansa follows both religions, so I guess there's a chance Robb did it too, but it's never mentioned in the books IIRC, so most likely not. Westeros is pretty tolerant religiously for the most part, but I don't see the North accepting Ned's heir following the Southern religion.
1634	Umel of Ys	2012-06-04	Well, what gods do the Frey keep? If they are (or pretend to be) pious worshippers of the Old Gods, they may throw this travesty in Robb's face as yet another treason on his part leading to the RW. This seems too blatant an oversight to be just that. It may also be a way to foreshadow the RW: they do marry under bad auspices... What I'm more concerned about is the fact that Talissa apparently really is Talissa.
1635	Umel of Ys	2012-06-04	but I don't see the North accepting Ned's heir following the Southern religion.Precisely
1636	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Well, what gods do the Frey keep? If they are (or pretend to be) pious worshippers of the Old Gods, they may throw this travesty in Robb's face as yet another treason on his part leading to the RW.The Freys are Bannermen of the Tullys of the Riverlands... They worship the Faith (The seven.)
1637	Morvran	2012-06-04	It was the only thing that majorly bugged me about the finale.  In fact, it made me angry enough to pause the tv and ask 'wtf??'.  Ridiculous misstep by the writers.
That said, non-readers I've talked to and read (recaps) liked the marriage scene.
1638	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	Concerning Karstark, I wrote it off as one of those things people say like I would say "Jesus christ that is a shitty show" or "God, that finale was terrible" even though I believe neither in Jesus nor any kind of God. 
Concerning Robb's wedding, that was a terrible mistake. Religion is such an important aspect of Asoiaf, I can't believe they could overlook something like that.
1639	Septon Meribald	2012-06-04	The Freys are Bannermen of the Tullys of the Riverlands... They worship the Faith (The seven.)Well the Blackwoods are Tully bannermen and keep to the Old Gods and the Maderlys are Stark bannermen and keep to the Seven. That being said, yes the Freys do indeed worship the Seven.
1640	Envie	2012-06-04	I was also really annoyed with that scene. While it was beautifully done and poignant with the vows said at the same time, it just felt wrong to me because Robb Stark is very much a Stark more than his Mother's people or anyone from the south who follow The Seven. 
The only thing I can think of why they chose to do it that way was to show even more evidence of Robb's willingness to turn away from what he promised The Freys and in essence his promise to the people of the North by turning to an obvious huge mistake in marrying this woman. Adding insult to injury by marrying her by southern tradition may serve to show viewers just how far Robb is willing to stray from his purpose and leaves everyone wondering what price he will pay for this blunder. 
We all know that's a very heavy price but non book readers may not feel like its such a big deal that he's choosing to break his word for love. By turning his back completely on the north and marrying this girl in secret, by a septon, it could convey a much more disheartening message.
I'm just grasping at straws here. I was really disappointed by this choice of ceremony and can't imagine it was just a stupid choice by the writers.
1641	K.C.	2012-06-04	I originally tried to create this shortly after the scene in question, but the forum was overloaded. It was already being discussed in the main episode thread by the time this was posted/approved. Probably best to have a dedicated thread anyway though.
I'm glad I started visiting the forums. I'm a novice and usually watch with other people present, so I didn't even notice the Karstark issue. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
1642	White Raven	2012-06-04	Maybe it's a symbol of Robb abandoning his duties as Lord of Winterfell. I don't think it was just bad writing.
1643	Morvran	2012-06-04	Slightly off topic, but didn't Stannis mention something about "the seventh hell" or similar earlier in the show?  Something more out of Dante than Westerosi lore?  That alone bugged me and set my radar off, and then they threw the Seven into the wedding.
1644	Septon Meribald	2012-06-04	Slightly off topic, but didn't Stannis mention something about "the seventh hell" or similar earlier in the show?  Something more out of Dante than Westerosi lore?  That alone bugged me and set my radar off, and then they threw the Seven into the wedding.No 'seven hells' is a common exclamation in Westeros. It appears everything is done in sevens for the Andals.
1645	Jordan The Tall	2012-06-04	I dunno, it didn't set me off at all, at least not moreso than the larger changes to that story and the very prog-rock southron vows. The way I saw it is, they were in a southron region and had a southron priest, so they had a southron wedding. People who elope don't really pay a lot of attention to the circumstances and the scenery. I had a Christian wedding because I married a Christian gal and eloped to a Christian church - my mind wasn't on what songs they were playing or who said what and how. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
1646	TheDarkOne	2012-06-04	You can't say it's just a mistake because at this level that's implausible. It's not that they are trying not to confuse people, as we have seen them mentioned before.
Honestly, I just don't think they care. The thought in this decision and many others is basically...This is our version of the story, deal with it. Thus you get this, you get the house of the undying with no undying, no chain in black water bay, White Walkers not caring that Sam is staring at them etc.
I don't know what irritates more. The decision to be so disrespectful to the source material, or people here scrambling to make excuses for HBO. It's equally repulsive.
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 04 June 2012 - 11:01 AM.
1647	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	So is Talisa now Jeyne or not, and what is the big twist? I don't even...
1648	victim	2012-06-04	I hated it, and I don't hate much. I can only assume it will arise as a plot point later in the show. After all, Robb and Cat don't have too much to do next season if they follow the books. This is, of course, wishful thinking on my part. End of the day, it's still only a minor nitpick.
1649	Ser Elfor the Landstander	2012-06-04	Horrible mistake.
But without the other version, TV viewers wouldn't know enough to complain. I do wonder when (or if) we'll get a wedding using the Old Gods' customs. The only one I remember is that Ramsay/fakeArya wedding.
1650	Versiroth	2012-06-04	You can't say it's just a mistake because at this level that's implausible. It's not that they are trying not to confuse people, as we have seen them mentioned before.Honestly, I just don't think they care. The thought in this decision and many others is basically...This is our version of the story, deal with it. Thus you get this, you get the house of the undying with no undying, no chain in black water bay, White Walkers not caring that Sam is staring at them etc.I don't know what irritates more. The decision to be so disrespectful to the source material, or people here scrambling to make excuses for HBO. It's equally repulsive.It's no more annoying than people saying the show is garbage because of small details that no one but the most obsessed book readers would notice.   Nitpicks are fine and dandy.   But when nitpicks turn into "OMG, they ruined so and so's character completely!!" then some people have taken the nitpick to an extreme level.  When they completely change something major, plot wise, that compromises the over all story (which would never happen as Martin is heavily involved), I'll agree with you guys.   But, the same things unfolding on screen in a slightly different way doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.   Robb will still be murdered, Jon will still become lord Commander of the nights watch, Tyrion will still murder his father, etc, etc.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 04 June 2012 - 11:34 AM.
1651	Morvran	2012-06-04	No 'seven hells' is a common exclamation in Westeros. It appears everything is done in sevens for the Andals.Thanks!  I never really noticed it in the books.  Now I supposed I'll notice it everywhere hehe.
1652	Kernest	2012-06-04	They have mentioned the Seven, the Old Gods, R'hlor, The Drowned god and the Many Faced god is sure to come.This might be slightly off topic, but since it's mostly about religion: Didn't Jaqen talk about the "red god" demanding the names from Arya, meaning R'hlor rather than the Many Faced god? This would mean the Faceless Men are "pawns" of R'hlor which I find much more unacceptable than Robb being married in the wrong manner.
1653	Castel	2012-06-04	Karstark also said he would give his heart to the Father in one of the episodes.  Pretty weak IMO.Karstark could be a follower of the Faith in the series? There isn't just a hard line that means that above Cailin= Old Gods and below Cailin= Faith. Hell, in the books Sansa seems to favor the Seven more than the Old Gods.Honestly I think they just wanted a traditional looking marriage. It's visually more evocative I guess.  And yet he didn't care that his daughter followed the seven? Yeah, the Old Gods don't seem to be very exclusionary deities. I doubt that it's a mark of shame that one worships the Old Gods instead of the Seven.
1654	teemo	2012-06-04	Do the writers even give a shit?  Honestly??  Is it THAT hard to get the religions straight???  Don't they have a asoiaf-fact genius or whatever with them on set??  What is going on??When they completely change something major, plot wise, that compromises the over all story (which would never happen as Martin is heavily involved)They can totally compromise the story regardless of what GRRM is doing or says, or how involved he is.  He has ZERO veto power and the writers can do whatever they want.  Sure, they probably want to follow the book for the most part, but it's their baby (like GRRM has said himself) and they have shown us several times that they will do whatever the hell they want.  I really doubt GRRM would approve of Robb having a wedding in front of the Seven or a ton of other things that have happened in the show.  But they happen because he has no control over any of it.  I think some people are overestimating how much power GRRM has in the show.  He is a consultant...he gives feedback sometimes.  He writes one episode a season, but he is nothing compared to the power that D&D have in the show.  And he'll tell you that himself.
1655	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	This might be slightly off topic, but since it's mostly about religion: Didn't Jaqen talk about the "red god" demanding the names from Arya, meaning R'hlor rather than the Many Faced god? This would mean the Faceless Men are "pawns" of R'hlor which I find much more unacceptable than Robb being married in the wrong manner.R'hlor is one facet of the Many Faced God, as are the Old Gods, the Seven and the Drowned God. That's the way I've always interpretted it.
1656	sumpthy	2012-06-04	This might be slightly off topic, but since it's mostly about religion: Didn't Jaqen talk about the "red god" demanding the names from Arya, meaning R'hlor rather than the Many Faced god? This would mean the Faceless Men are "pawns" of R'hlor which I find much more unacceptable than Robb being married in the wrong manner.It always makes me laugh when people make this nitpick seeing as Jaqen says the thing about the Red God word for word in the books. Arya saved Jaqen, Rorge and Biter from a fire, depriving R'hllor of three sacrifices. The men Jaqen killed are to make up for that.As for Talisa, why does her being from Volantis mean she has to be a follower of R'hllor? Not everyone in Rome is Catholic. I have no doubt that Robb's wedding to Jeyne Westerling was conducted by a septon.
1657	lojzelote	2012-06-04	I truly hated this episode, but the Seven didn't bother me.Remember, Book!Catelyn mentions in aGoT that she and Ned were married in the sept. She says nothing about weirwood.But yeah, it's weird. I don't think it's a political blunder others made it out to be, but neither Robb or Talisa worship the Seven. Let's just say there was no weirwood around. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1658	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Do the writers even give a shit?  Honestly??  Is it THAT hard to get the religions straight???  Don't they have a asoiaf-fact genius or whatever with them on set??  What is going on??They can totally compromise the story regardless of what GRRM is doing or says, or how involved he is.  He has ZERO veto power and the writers can do whatever they want.  Sure, they probably want to follow the book for the most part, but it's their baby (like GRRM has said himself) and they have shown us several times that they will do whatever the hell they want.  I really doubt GRRM would approve of Robb having a wedding in front of the Seven or a ton of other things that have happened in the show.  But they happen because he has no control over any of it.  I think some people are overestimating how much power GRRM has in the show.  He is a consultant...he gives feedback sometimes.  He writes one episode a season, but he is nothing compared to the power that D&D have in the show.  And he'll tell you that himself.Well, regardless, they have not compromised anything at this point.   Jeyne was a follower of the 7 in the book series.   How do we know Robb didn't wed her  via a Septon in that as well?  Heck, D&D may have asked Martin and that may have been his answer.  It's not like there were a ton of heart trees down south.
1659	Castel	2012-06-04	I truly hated this episode, but the Seven didn't bother me.Remember, Book!Catelyn mentions in aGoT that she and Ned were married in the sept. She says nothing about weirwood.But yeah, it's weird. I don't think it's a political blunder others made it out to be, but neither Robb or Talisa worship the Seven. Let's just say there was no weirwood around. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Honestly this. I don't think that it matters much to the Northmen where they get married, but I think it does matter to the southrons. It's quite possible that they had their vows done at both sites.
1660	Christine K	2012-06-04	I could forgive the Karstark reference to the father as something that would be said as a matter of every day speech and have nothing to do with his religion, but it is absolutely established that a huge reason that the North can unite is the worship of the old gods. This was a grievous error, and it took me away from the rest of the show.What's this Karstark part that everyone is talking about? I don't think I was paying attention during this part or something.And yeah, I thought it really weird that The King in the North would get married not in the sight of his own gods.
1661	Bearsblood8	2012-06-04	When they completely change something major, plot wise, that compromises the over all story (which would never happen as Martin is heavily involved), I'll agree with you guys.   But, the same things unfolding on screen in a slightly different way doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.   Robb will still be murdered, Jon will still become lord Commander of the nights watch, Tyrion will still murder his father, etc, etc.Under this logic, ASOIAF would be just as enjoyable to read of as a series of bullet points.  GRRM could just lay out the plot points in a ten page list and we could check off the events as they occur.  To me, it's the world building around these poignant moments that matter.  In this sense, the show has left behind various pieces of Martin's world.  This is to be expected because the show is an adaptation; however, I feel the show's attitude towards various points (Robb's choices, Robb and Catelyn's relationship, revealing Littlefinger's support for Sansa early, white walkers ignoring Sam) all work to change the feel for the world that George created.
1662	sbjackdaw	2012-06-04	(which would never happen as Martin is heavily involved)Martin's not as heavily involved as you think. Unfortunately, GRRM's role is purely advisory and symbolic. He writes one script a season and gets the fancy title "Co-Executive Producer" but is otherwise uninvolved.Source is this interview from last season where GRRM says, and I quote:You know, it's D&D, really. They are the showrunners. I don't have any veto power. I signed a pretty standard contract where I gave them the rights to adapt this into a television series and I got certain titles and agreed I'd write one script a year and a large dump truck full of money. And they can have the aliens come down next season. They can turn the whole cast into vampires. *And I'm powerless to stop them,* but I don't think they will do that.
1663	David Selig	2012-06-04	I truly hated this episode, but the Seven didn't bother me.Remember, Book!Catelyn mentions in aGoT that she and Ned were married in the sept. She says nothing about weirwood.But yeah, it's weird. I don't think it's a political blunder others made it out to be, but neither Robb or Talisa worship the Seven. Let's just say there was no weirwood around. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />But Catelyn follows the Seven, so it makes a lot more sense for her and Ned to be married by a septon than Robb and Talisa (who most likely doesn't follow the Seven). Plus Catelyn was the daughter of a powerful Lord who could basically demand anything of Ned at this point since Ned really needed his army. Talisa is a nobody politically.
1664	Kernest	2012-06-04	What's this Karstark part that everyone is talking about? I don't think I was paying attention during this part or something.And yeah, I thought it really weird that The King in the North would get married not in the sight of his own gods.When Jaime tried to escape, and then when Catelyn let him escape with Brienne, Lord Karstark (bearded old dude) makes a few references to the seven when talking about Jaime killing his son.edit: If my memory serves me right it's established that of the Stark bannermen, Manderlys (White Harbor) follow the seven, while rest keep to the old gods. Individuals within houses could still probably keep different gods, or pray to both.
					
					
							Edited by Kernest, 04 June 2012 - 12:31 PM.
1665	dtones520	2012-06-04	Why don't you guys rewatch the scene before complaining about it. Yes, they had a septon marry them, yes they said vows to the Seven, but the wedding sure as shit didn't happen in a sept. They were standing under a tree for gods sake, which makes me think that they were in a gods wood somewhere. They are in the Westerlands, if all you avid book readers remember there are very few Weirwoods in the south, so him not having it under a Weirwood is fine because there are none where he is. I'm pretty sure that book Robb didn't get married in front of a Weirwood, considering he got married in the Crag.
Also, Talisa's religion is never established. Yes, there are a lot of Rhollor worshipers in Volantis, but not everyone is. Maybe she took the Seven when she came to Westeros? The only thing establishing her religion is the wedding ceremony, so I'll assume she takes the Seven as her gods.
So what we have is a wedding with a septon overseeing it, them saying vows the the Seven, underneath a tree in the woods. To me, it looks like they took each others religion and combined them to make a wedding ceremony. Why is no one up in arms about GRRM having Ned and Catelyn get married in a sept? Seriously, this is no different than a Christian and a Jew combining both of their religions when they get married.
1666	sumpthy	2012-06-04	When Jaime tried to escape, and then when Catelyn let him escape with Brienne, Lord Karstark (bearded old dude) makes a few references to the seven when talking about Jaime killing his son.edit: If my memory serves me right it's established that of the Stark bannermen, Manderlys (White Harbor) follow the seven, while rest keep to the old gods. Individuals within houses could still probably keep different gods, or pray to both.Individuals can certainly keep different gods if they choose to, Sansa Stark and presumably Jorah Mormont follow different gods to their families.
1667	dtones520	2012-06-04	Also, regarding Karstark, maybe it is a saying? Arya refers to the Seven Hells when she is lost under the Red Keep in the book, does that mean she is a forsaking the Old Gods? Nope. It's a friggin saying.
1668	K.C.	2012-06-04	I assume Ned and Cat were married in a sept because that's her religion. And it's absolutely true that Talisa's religion is never mentioned. It's likely that her family, an "old name" in Volantis, at least nominally worships the Lord of Light, but perhaps she gave that up when she decided to be Florence Nightingale.
The fact that it's said in front of a tree is why I intended this as a discussion thread rather than a nitpick. At least everyone else was as confused as I was. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1669	Morvran	2012-06-04	So what we have is a wedding with a septon overseeing it, them saying vows the the Seven, underneath a tree in the woods. To me, it looks like they took each others religion and combined them to make a wedding ceremony. Why is no one up in arms about GRRM having Ned and Catelyn get married in a sept? Seriously, this is no different than a Christian and a Jew combining both of their religions when they get married.C'mon, you don't believe this.  You know a Stark king would never swear to the Seven.  And you know that "a tree in the woods" is not a heart tree.  Robb is already very aware that he has gone back on his word and broken his vow to a man, do you really think he'd just go, "Eh, what's another broken vow?  I'll forsake the gods I believe in while I'm at it."  At the very least it was a poor job of communicating intent on the part of the writer.  But most likely it was poor writing, and poor fact-checking.
1670	The Queen of Thorns	2012-06-04	It's no more annoying than people saying the show is garbage because of small details that no one but the most obsessed book readers would notice.   Nitpicks are fine and dandy.   But when nitpicks turn into "OMG, they ruined so and so's character completely!!" then some people have taken the nitpick to an extreme level.  Try and argue they didnt ruin Jeyne Westerlings character completely!
1671	Kernest	2012-06-04	Try and argue they didnt ruin Jeyne Westerlings character completely!I think they didn't. Westerlings aren't really necessary to the story, as long as Robb married someone and RW happens before a heir is born to him. In the books Westerlings needed to be there to ensure Robb doesn't have a child. I think RW happening with a fresh bun in Talisas oven would be even more powerful, and as much as I'd like to see more of Robb that'd be GREAT television.
1672	sarah.jenice	2012-06-04	I was bothered by this, too. If we are just referencing stuff said on the show, in Season 1, the Greatjon makes his moving speech that declares Robb the King in the North and goes through all of the things that make them different from the southron people, "What do they know of the Wall or the wolfswood. Even their gods are wrong." To me, that makes it pretty clear that they do not worship the Seven.
Karstarks reference to giving his heart to the Father if his sons could step out of their graves and walk into prison cells irritated me, but Robb and Talisa saying all of the names of the Seven just felt so wrong. It does seem reasonable (maybe) that this was because Talisa worships the Seven or there were no heart trees, or maybe that because Robb was doing it secretly, he couldn't involve any northmen to help him because as we saw with Ramsay and "Arya" the Northern weddings don't take much.
I am worried about where they are going with Robb's story line. If only they had let Robb and Catelyn hear Rickon and Bran were dead before they both make those turning point decisions, it would have been more understandable.
1673	dtones520	2012-06-04	C'mon, you don't believe this.  You know a Stark king would never swear to the Seven.  And you know that "a tree in the woods" is not a heart tree.  Robb is already very aware that he has gone back on his word and broken his vow to a man, do you really think he'd just go, "Eh, what's another broken vow?  I'll forsake the gods I believe in while I'm at it."  At the very least it was a poor job of communicating intent on the part of the writer.  But most likely it was poor writing, and poor fact-checking.I do believe it 100%.Robb's father was married in a Sept. Last I checked there are no Weirwoods in a sept. In the books Robb is married in the Westerlands, there are no Weirwoods in the South. The closest Weirwood is probably at Raventree Hall with lord Blackwood. There are gods woods, but no Weirwoods,which are the heart trees. Ned takes Arya and Sansa to pray in the Godswood in Kings Landing, there is no Heart Tree there, but they can still feel the power of the old gods.It was actually good writing to combine both religions into the ceremony. If it was a traditional wedding of the Seven it would have happened in a Sept. It didn't happen in a Sept. it happened under a tree, why else would you have it under a tree at night if it weren't homage to the old gods?
1674	lojzelote	2012-06-04	But Catelyn follows the Seven, so it makes a lot more sense for her and Ned to be married by a septon than Robb and Talisa (who most likely doesn't follow the Seven). Plus Catelyn was the daughter of a powerful Lord who could basically demand anything of Ned at this point since Ned really needed his army. Talisa is a nobody politically.I know that every time we saw Robb pray, it was in the godswood, but I guess the TV producers just made a change (as they've changed everything) and now Robb prefers his mother's faith to his father's.Yes, it doesn't really make sense if the dominant religion of the North are the old gods, but I don't think the Northern lords will hate him this particular aspect of his marriage.
1675	dtones520	2012-06-04	I know that every time we saw Robb pray, it was in the godswood, but I guess the TV producers just made a change (as they've changed everything) and now Robb prefers his mother's faith to his father's.Yes, it doesn't really make sense if the dominant religion of the North are the old gods, but I don't think the Northern lords will hate him this particular aspect of his marriage.Answer me this, how do you think book Robb got married while he was in the Crag? Do you think he got married before a Weirwood? If you do, explain how that makes any sense given what we know of the South.
1676	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	I was hoping the show would justify my shameless affinity for House Bolton.
It did, but I don't think it was intentional. /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />
1677	Christine K	2012-06-04	When Jaime tried to escape, and then when Catelyn let him escape with Brienne, Lord Karstark (bearded old dude) makes a few references to the seven when talking about Jaime killing his son.edit: If my memory serves me right it's established that of the Stark bannermen, Manderlys (White Harbor) follow the seven, while rest keep to the old gods. Individuals within houses could still probably keep different gods, or pray to both.Thank you!
1678	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	It's no more annoying than people saying the show is garbage because of small details that no one but the most obsessed book readers would notice.   Nitpicks are fine and dandy.   But when nitpicks turn into "OMG, they ruined so and so's character completely!!" then some people have taken the nitpick to an extreme level.It's not a small detail. Robb is systematically being stripped of any sympathy.
1679	Versiroth	2012-06-04	It's not a small detail. Robb is systematically being stripped of any sympathy.No.  His story will end up being a tragedy regardless.   Whether he married for love or married because he bedded a lady and felt honor bound to marry her after, the end result is that it leads to his demise.   And the fact that it was for love likely makes it even more real for most people watching the show as it's something they can relate to.    Plus, unlike in the book where all we see is Robb leave for the Crag, come back married... we actually got to see the reason for his eventual downfall.   Some times, the show can do a story more justice.   Robbs is definitely one of those, IMO.    We got to see a story from him instead of merely hearing/seeing things from Catelyn's perspective.
1680	TheIronCaptain	2012-06-04	who is this talissa wench??? it is obviously jeyne but why hasnt that been established yet? i mean come on theres enough drama in robb marrying a daughter of the lannister bannermen but still...you dont have to make her reveal it after the wedding thus creating unnecessary drama from thin air. plus robb doesnt even know about his brothers supposed deaths, he wasnt injured and nursed back to health by jeyne, he didnt have an internal struggle to do the right thing and marry jeyne after he took her. plus, is richard madden going to grow out his hair for season 3, if i recall correctly robb had badass long hair and he had a bitchin crown too. it just added to his awesomeness and he really became like a king of winter from old with that straight winter swag.
1681	lojzelote	2012-06-04	Answer me this, how do you think book Robb got married while he was in the Crag? Do you think he got married before a Weirwood? If you do, explain how that makes any sense given what we know of the South.Honestly, I don't know. And don't care, truth be told. I offered a possible explanation that came to my mind.I think that Book!Robb married under the Seven because of lack of weirwoods in the South. It was a rash act. Show!Robb seemed to have it all planned out when he spoke to his mother. I would expect him to ride for Riverrun where a godswood is. It's not as if they had to be married immediately.
					
					
							Edited by lojzelote, 04 June 2012 - 03:30 PM.
1682	TheDarkOne	2012-06-04	Do the writers even give a shit?  Honestly??  Is it THAT hard to get the religions straight???  Don't they have a asoiaf-fact genius or whatever with them on set??  What is going on??They can totally compromise the story regardless of what GRRM is doing or says, or how involved he is.  He has ZERO veto power and the writers can do whatever they want.  Sure, they probably want to follow the book for the most part, but it's their baby (like GRRM has said himself) and they have shown us several times that they will do whatever the hell they want.  I really doubt GRRM would approve of Robb having a wedding in front of the Seven or a ton of other things that have happened in the show.  But they happen because he has no control over any of it.  I think some people are overestimating how much power GRRM has in the show.  He is a consultant...he gives feedback sometimes.  He writes one episode a season, but he is nothing compared to the power that D&D have in the show.  And he'll tell you that himself.This is really at the heart of it. It's no different than having the kids flee Winterfell at the end of the episode when, if you follow the story, there should be 500 Northern soldiers outside and no reason for them to be told to leave. Kind of like turning Stannis into a card board cut out bad guy.Those of us who love this story don't want to see the essence of the story change. It doesn't matter what medium it's presented in. Also, it's not so much as many people here stereotype in regards to people losing it about what's being left out, it's what is making the cut!  Jeez, can't we at least get the things we decide to film right?I don't think GRRM likes this anymore than we do and I would guess he is abstaining from offering an honest opinion for financial reasons and because the show is a path to the source material.Regardless, it blows me away how defensive people are about the HBO show and the attitude that we must respect this and be very thankful we have anything. No, I don't think so. There's things I like, things I don't, and I believe these can all be discussed without being classified as a hopeless devote of the books who can never be pleased. That's nothing more than a cop out of valid criticism.
1683	Ned's Epic Beard	2012-06-04	This really pissed me off. I literally face-palmed myself while watching this scene. King of winter and follower of old gods reciting southern words in his own marriage /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> . This will cause the confusion to the viewers and abolish the religion difference between south and north and hence the culture.
I think that writers are making real efforts to make Starks less sympathetic. In books, Robb married Jane because he deflowered her in his hour of grievance (over his brothers death). Certainly it was a bad decision and Fray got an excuse for Red Wedding but one can sympathetic with Robb that anyone can make mistakes in such situation.  Now TV Robb, marries this girl just to spite his mother and for love. Not cool.
Also in brienne/jaime scene, Starks men are raping and murdering girls instead of bolton men. Seems like an effort to make starks more grey characters.
1684	sumpthy	2012-06-04	Also in brienne/jaime scene, Starks men are raping and murdering girls instead of bolton men. Seems like an effort to make starks more grey characters.And? Stark men raped and murdered in the books too. It doesn't change Robb's or Ned's character. They're not ordering rapes, they're not even authorised them. It's just something the soldiers did.
1685	Direwolf Lager	2012-06-04	glad other people caught this too. it makes u wonder if the writers have ever even read A Song of Ice and Fire
1686	The Monkey	2012-06-04	Maybe it's a symbol of Robb's further distancing himself from the northern cause (and the northern lords), by being married if front of the southern Gods?
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 04 June 2012 - 04:46 PM.
1687	Ned's Epic Beard	2012-06-04	And? Stark men raped and murdered in the books too. It doesn't change Robb's or Ned's character. They're not ordering rapes, they're not even authorised them. It's just something the soldiers did. Stark men raped and murdered in the books? I thought it was just bolton men. Guess I need a reread.
1688	sumpthy	2012-06-04	Stark men raped and murdered in the books? I thought it was just bolton men. Guess I need a reread.Yep. At least according to the Brotherhood. Like I said though, it would be a bit black & white if it was just the men who serve the 'bad guys' murdering and raping, that's not the world Martin created.
1689	dtones520	2012-06-04	What happened to the posts in this thread over the past few hours?
1690	Darth Pipes	2012-06-04	Having the North suddenly worship the New Gods really showed how flawed and lazy the writing has become (at times) this season.  But it goes with the odd choices of the Riverlands being completely ignored this season and not delving into subjects like guest rights and kinslaying.
1691	Jolene Brown	2012-06-04	Yep. At least according to the Brotherhood. Like I said though, it would be a bit black & white if it was just the men who serve the 'bad guys' murdering and raping, that's not the world Martin created.Those were Karstarks though, who had basically abandoned the Stark cause at that point and were focused on hunting down Jaime Lannister.  I'm not invested in the purity of the Starks, by any means, but I do think this is a distinction.
1692	scurvy	2012-06-04	When I saw the scene I was confused.  Talisa is not Jeyne and not Westrosi so she doesn't follow the Faith of the Seven.  Robb is not Southron and follows the Old Gods.  If he were marrying Jeyne, fine.  But, he's marrying a foreigner, so it makes no sense other than a blatant fuck up.
1693	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	My take is that they attempted to fuse the two religons into one.  Ned worshipped at the weirtrees, cat to the 7.  WF had a sept.  Sansa at least was explicitely stated as having been raised in both religons, so presumably were all the kids.  Holding the 7 ceremony in front of a tree was perhaps their attempt at fusing the two religons?
Each hold, castle even in the south is supposed to have its own heartwood.
1694	Darth Pipes	2012-06-04	Robb's storyline has unfortuneately been the worst of the season and they made the worst possible change to his story last night.  I'm not talking about marrying under the light of the seven but the fact that he married out of selfishness and pettiness instead of honor.  Robb was stupid to marry Jeyne in the books but at least it was out of a misplace sense of honor.  He didn't want to dishonor Jeyne.  Stupid but understandable.  TV Robb though...he gets turned on by watching Talisa amputate a guys foot, talks endlessly with her, gets pissed off with his mom, and then declares he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl, has sex with Talisa, and then decides to marry her after getting pissy with his mom again.
Not only have they been ignoring the Riverlands this season but they've seemingly been ignoring Robb's actual agreement with the Freys.  The bridge was the pressing issue to be certain but despite the claims of Robb and Talisa, he didn't agree to the marriage pact just to cross a bridge.  He entered it so he could bring thousands of Frey forces under his command.  But he thew that all away without even struggling with his decision.  He complains that his father is dead but how is marrying a woman who has less military value than Book Jeyne going to help his cause?  TV Robb calls Jaime an oathbreaker but he's no different now.  He's not even half as honorable as his father.
1695	kingkiller	2012-06-04	this was a secret wedding that was pretty much a snap decision, my guess is robb or talisa really did not care about which religion presided over their wedding.  young dumb and in love.  also, robb follows the old gods and talisa probably follows one of the many religions in essos- it's entirely possible that the choice was a compromise between two people of different religions.  the same thing happens every day.
you say robb's bannermen will never accept their lord being a worshiper of the seven. i disagree, the northmen are more loyal than that and if they have any gripe, it will be that he broke his oath to the freys and have now put the rest of them in a huge bind.
also about the karstark comment about giving his heart to the father, i took it as him saying he would offer up his heart to a God he didn't even believe in to get his son back and betray his religion if that's what it took.
finally we see multiple instances of people claiming to pray to the old gods AND the new all over the books and in the show. it doesn't seem to matter if you worship one or both sets of gods.  it isn't a big deal.
it should also be noted that the north has lived in westeros for thousands of years with the followers of the seven and to my knowledge there hasn't been a religious war in westeros in thousands of years.  it's just not that big a deal.
					
					
							Edited by kingkiller, 04 June 2012 - 07:08 PM.
1696	mcb	2012-06-04	This really pissed me off. I literally face-palmed myself while watching this scene. King of winter and follower of old gods reciting southern words in his own marriage /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> . This will cause the confusion to the viewers and abolish the religion difference between south and north and hence the culture.I think that writers are making real efforts to make Starks less sympathetic. In books, Robb married Jane because he deflowered her in his hour of grievance (over his brothers death). Certainly it was a bad decision and Fray got an excuse for Red Wedding but one can sympathetic with Robb that anyone can make mistakes in such situation.  Now TV Robb, marries this girl just to spite his mother and for love. Not cool.Nah. Book Robb married Jeyne for exactly the same reason. "I know what it is to love so greatly you can think of nothing else", he said right before introducing his new wife. Book Robb decided to go full retard off-screen, TV Robb went full retard on screen, the only significant difference.I'm not saying his self-destruction on the show doesn't suck. It does, very badly. I'm saying it sucked already in the book.
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 04 June 2012 - 07:33 PM.
1697	Morrigan	2012-06-04	Robb's mom follows the seven and there was a Sept at Winterfell.	Heck, Sansa very openly worships the seven in the book series.   The fact that Robb was married by a septon is perfectly within the realm of plausibility.Except, you know, that he's the King in the North and that even in the previous season you have Lord Umber say, "Even their gods are wrong!". The TV show writers contradicting their own writing.Robb's storyline has unfortuneately been the worst of the season and they made the worst possible change to his story last night.  I'm not talking about marrying under the light of the seven but the fact that he married out of selfishness and pettiness instead of honor.  Robb was stupid to marry Jeyne in the books but at least it was out of a misplace sense of honor.  He didn't want to dishonor Jeyne.  Stupid but understandable.  TV Robb though...he gets turned on by watching Talisa amputate a guys foot, talks endlessly with her, gets pissed off with his mom, and then declares he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl, has sex with Talisa, and then decides to marry her after getting pissy with his mom again.Completely agree. It was an utterly garbage storyline without a single redeeming value. It amazes me that they even had Catelyn present and remind him of his duty, and then even explain that loveless arranged marriage can turn into loving ones, and make all these nice and rational points, only to have Robb say "F U mom" and walk out like a stupid brat. How insulting to the son of Ned Stark.Not only have they been ignoring the Riverlands this season but they've seemingly been ignoring Robb's actual agreement with the Freys.  The bridge was the pressing issue to be certain but despite the claims of Robb and Talisa, he didn't agree to the marriage pact just to cross a bridge.  He entered it so he could bring thousands of Frey forces under his command.  But he thew that all away without even struggling with his decision.  He complains that his father is dead but how is marrying a woman who has less military value than Book Jeyne going to help his cause?  TV Robb calls Jaime an oathbreaker but he's no different now.  He's not even half as honorable as his father.Yup. The whole "it must be an important bridge" line pissed me off the other day. How about the thousands of Frey soldiers? And since she's apparently not a Westerling, how will the Rains of Castamere at the Red Wedding have any significance?
1698	dtones520	2012-06-04	Except, you know, that he's the King in the North and that even in the previous season you have Lord Umber say, "Even their gods are wrong!". The TV show writers contradicting their own writing.Completely agree. It was an utterly garbage storyline without a single redeeming value. It amazes me that they even had Catelyn present and remind him of his duty, and then even explain that loveless arranged marriage can turn into loving ones, and make all these nice and rational points, only to have Robb say "F U mom" and walk out like a stupid brat. How insulting to the son of Ned Stark.Yup. The whole "it must be an important bridge" line pissed me off the other day. How about the thousands of Frey soldiers? And since she's apparently not a Westerling, how will the Rains of Castamere at the Red Wedding have any significance? The Frey soldiers were a bonus of getting the Freys on their side, the sole purpose was to cross the Twins. They were going south with or without the Freys, but they couldn't go south without getting passage granted by Lord Walder.The Rains of Castamere is about Lord Tywin obliterating a house for opposing him, the Rains of Castamere is still a perfect song for the Red Wedding.
1699	ViserionsFire	2012-06-04	who is this talissa wench??? it is obviously jeyne but why hasnt that been established yet? i mean come on theres enough drama in robb marrying a daughter of the lannister bannermen but still...you dont have to make her reveal it after the wedding thus creating unnecessary drama from thin air. plus robb doesnt even know about his brothers supposed deaths, he wasnt injured and nursed back to health by jeyne, he didnt have an internal struggle to do the right thing and marry jeyne after he took her. plus, is richard madden going to grow out his hair for season 3, if i recall correctly robb had badass long hair and he had a bitchin crown too. it just added to his awesomeness and he really became like a king of winter from old with that straight winter swag.This Talisa thing has baffled me too.  So I tried to think ahead to next season. Should Talisa actually be Jeyne Westerling, this would really set up an even bigger tragedy than the Red Wedding in the book should her identity be revealed there.  Tywin would then show how he kept the Seven Kingdoms in order while Hand of the King during most of Jeahaerys reign.  Not through battle strategy alone but knowing and using all his resources.  The audience would then truly experience the Bolton treachery and as member of a house that is bannerman to the Lannisters, Jeyne Westerling would become the greatest deceiver ever and forever hated by Northmen for her act as Talisa.
1700	Magjee	2012-06-04	It doesnt make any sense as far as the books go.
For TV, whatever, the religions are confusing enough for viewers as it is.
1701	dtones520	2012-06-04	So, please explain to me how this is worse than Ned getting married in a Sept? Robb gets married in front of a tree, likely, in a Southron Godswood. He says some vows to the Seven, considering Ned got married in a sept I'm guessing he said similar vows. You all are acting like Robb ran off and found some sept and got married in it, which someone who took the Seven would likely do. Instead he gets a septon to oversee the marriage in front of a tree at night. There are two aspects of two religions at play here, which are the two religions his parents take. Talisa/Jeyne probably follows the Seven. I'm not sure what is wrong with this scene?
Seriously, explain to me how you pictured book Robb's wedding. Considering that there are no/few Weirwoods in the south, Jeyne followed the Seven, I'm guessing that Robb's book marriage was quite similar. So please enlighten me on how this scene differed from how you pictured the books. No one has done that yet.
1702	Darth Pipes	2012-06-04	Robb's decision to get married in secret even comes across as cowardly.  He literally did it behind his bannermen's backs.
The deal with Frey was so they could cross the bridge.  No doubt about that.  But it also formed the alliance between the Winterfell, Riverrun, and the Twins.  By breaking the pact, he threw that alliance away.  Which included nearly 20% of his forces.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Pipes, 04 June 2012 - 10:41 PM.
1703	Tenlaar	2012-06-04	also about the karstark comment about giving his heart to the father, i took it as him saying he would offer up his heart to a God he didn't even believe in to get his son back and betray his religion if that's what it took.That is how I saw that, myself.  Basically the Northern Westeros version of saying "I'd sell my soul to the Devil."Except, you know, that he's the King in the North and that even in the previous season you have Lord Umber say, "Even their gods are wrong!". The TV show writers contradicting their own writing.I will admit, I can't remember where exactly they were when Lord Umber said that.  Was it in Winterfell, the home of his liege lord, which had a sept in it?  Was it in front of the wife of his liege lord, who worshipped the seven?  Maybe in front of the children of his liege lord, who were raised with both the old gods and the new?
					
					
							Edited by Tenlaar, 04 June 2012 - 11:47 PM.
1704	Jolene Brown	2012-06-04	Robb's decision to get married in secret even comes across as cowardly.  He literally did it behind his bannermen's backs.The deal with Frey was so they could cross the bridge.  No doubt about that.  But it also formed the alliance between the Winterfell, Riverrun, and the Twins.  By breaking the pact, he threw that alliance away.  Which included nearly 20% of his forces.This was something that was really emphasized by Catelyn when Robb came back and she found out about the wedding.  I love the line where she says, "Dare I ask how many swords come with your bride, Robb?"  Sigh.  I also miss the way he sort of tricked her into having to be understanding about Jeyne by being understanding himself about Jaime's release.  That was some classic teenager/parent manipulation.
1705	VivaVictarion2	2012-06-05	They wouldn't even have needed a weirwood, just a godswood.
You know, leading up to the first season, I remember hearing interviews with Benioff and Weis where they talked about how much they loved the books. Benioff (i think) in particular said it was, to paraphrase, one of the greatest things he's ever read. Liar. Ignoring the asoiaf mythos and continuity is not something a fan would do. I'm not talking about changes to the plot for realistic budgetary/showbiz/scheduling/whatever demands. Hell, Im not even talking about their whitewashing of several characters (jon,arya,tyrion,robb oops just talked about it). Things like the robb-talissa septon marriage help me to realize that the creators of the asoiaf adaptation are not true fans of asoiaf.
1706	Ghost Rider	2012-06-05	It's not as if they had to be married immediately.While I was quite surprised at the "Faith" wedding ceremony, I was more shocked at the fact of the marriage itself. Obviously being a book reader I knew it was bound to come up, but I thought they'd give some reason for why Robb would marry Talisa.So far the story goes: he falls in love with a beautiful camp follower (that's what battlefield nurses were, right?) and of course they get into each others pants. So where does the marriage come in? Talisa certainly didn't look like an innocent virgin to me and if that should be the reason for marriage they should have mentioned it.Else if it's "just love"... even from a modern pov marriage doesn't follow straight from love necessarily. Love doesn't need marriage, it can well exist without. So if the modern pov doesn't work, let's work from a kind of medieval view, but there's the problem that love and marriage aren't connected at all. In Robb's mind there shouldn't be a close association between (romantic) love and marriage, that's a 19th century bourgeois thought.If you want to cite the relationship between Ned and Cat as a point in favor for love in matrimony, it's actually a point against it, because they "learnt to love each other", i.e. it's a kind of family love that very often exists in happy longterm relationships.So am I the only one puzzled as to why Robb married Talisa?Edited for wrong word usage
					
					
							Edited by Ghost Rider, 05 June 2012 - 02:58 AM.
1707	madman2711	2012-06-05	i think that the could get married in front of the 7 but at least mention the old gods
what really bothered me is the haste of the marriage and Cat just sitting and getting bashed by her son and doing nothing in contrast the psycho bratt Jeoff didnt break his vow about sansa untill the high septon and the king's council allowed him to marry margey tyrell
i mean the public #1 hate character that beheads Ned and does only what he wishes keeps his vows till the official annoulment and mr King in the North - mini Ned Stark (all about honor and stuff) doesn keep his vow not for a womans honor but for love (this is the cheesiest cliche ever)
at least book robb was in his way a honorable men breaking a vow because he broke a maid but TV Robb is about love (as i said in another thred Tulissa doesnt even look or act as a maid so she might be a wench after all) so his attitude is F U all am getting married for love 
this is not a 21st century storry but a medieval fantasy marring for love is stupid and not acceptable by their stantards look what R+L got for their love story or Tyrion and Tysha 
also on a more funny topic i just wanted to see the full nuptial party with the cape around the shoulders and the strip naked part done by Greatjon along with rude sex jokes just like the book
it was quite a fun part even on the RW chapter, and i think Umber would have hated Robb for not doing that naked part that he loves to do on all weddings including Nedd and Cat
1708	lady_winterborn	2012-06-05	I really couldn't enjoy their wedding (well, how could concerning what's going to happen because of this) because I wondered the whole time why they don't marry according to Old Gods customs.
1709	Morrigan	2012-06-05	The Rains of Castamere is about Lord Tywin obliterating a house for opposing him, the Rains of Castamere is still a perfect song for the Red Wedding.Meh. The songs were about vassal houses to Lannister, the Reynes and the Tarbeck. Not about equal great houses that eventually warred with Lannister (otherwise they'd have to crush the Tyrells who sided with the Targaryens, etc). When Tyrion learns of Robb's folly from his father, he's baffled at the Westerlings for going along with it. "Have they forgotten what happened at Castamere?", he wonders. So I guess it still fits because of the whole "Lannister victory" theme, but not nearly as much. The dialogue between Tyrion and Tywin was great foreshadowing.
1710	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	Plus, it's so interesting later when you get little hints that the Westerlings are not out of favor - I feel like there was something else even before the pardons they receive and Rolph Spicer being given Castamere.  Also, Tywin sent out Samwell Spicer to look for Jaime in the riverlands, we find out later.  I love the subtle details with this story.  Do I think Tywin somehow magically set up Robb to fall in love with Jeyne in the first place?  No.  But I love that he is just bad enough and manipulative enough that there is a part of me that thinks he could have... that we'll never know for 100% sure.
1711	StarkWard	2012-06-05	So am I the only one puzzled as to why Robb married Talisa?We can still use the argument in the books that Robb was honor-bound to marry her because they had sex.As for why of the Faith wedding in front of a tree (not a heart tree), it can be said that it was the next best thing there was, there being almost no godswood in the south. Sort of like a civil wedding until they could have something proper (Church/North wedding).
1712	Les Berceaux	2012-06-05	Robb's decision to get married in secret even comes across as cowardly.  He literally did it behind his bannermen's backs.The deal with Frey was so they could cross the bridge.  No doubt about that.  But it also formed the alliance between the Winterfell, Riverrun, and the Twins.  By breaking the pact, he threw that alliance away.  Which included nearly 20% of his forces.The Whispering Wood and subsequent Battle of Riverrun forged the alliance between Winterfell and Riverrun, in my opinion. (Not to mention the fact that Robb Stark is Catelyn Tully's son)I know a lot of people have been railing about the House of the Undying scene as the largest outrage, but for me it was this. I had high hopes for Robb's extended screen time this season (extended being that we only have the books to compare it to). Robb and Talisa's first scene was rife with overwrought tropes, but I forgave it eventually. Talisa's high point for me was her monologue about her brother drowning. I, as pretty much all book readers, noted the subtle hints when The Crag was mentioned, but I feel like that part of their story never took off like any of us hoped it would. That's my first disappointment.My second is that Robb never, not once, mentioned Jon and the rules regarding bastards when he justified marrying Talisa (*sigh* do we really have to call her that?). I would probably have forgiven the misguided arc then and there if they had put in the discussion of him marrying her because of honor, blah blah blah. It would have also mirrored nicely with Jon's monologue from season one about why he chose not to have sex with Ros in Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Les Berceaux, 05 June 2012 - 03:48 AM.
1713	Ghost Rider	2012-06-05	We can still use the argument in the books that Robb was honor-bound to marry her because they had sex.We could if we wanted to make up excuses for sloppy writing. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> If he feels honor-bound to marry her, they have to mention it. I didn't hear him or her mention it, not even during his talk to Cat which would have been the appropriate place.As the story is now, he marries a camp follower from abroad without any reason save he loves her and all else be damned. I am mostly not too concerned for his character who is 2nd tier anyway, but for the worldbuilding implications.
1714	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-05	No.  His story will end up being a tragedy regardless.It will be far less tragic than it should be.And the fact that it was for love likely makes it even more real for most people watching the show as it's something they can relate to.We're not meant to relate to Robb. We're meant to sympathise with him, and him acting like a spoiled child is not the way to do this.Plus, unlike in the book where all we see is Robb leave for the Crag, come back married... we actually got to see the reason for his eventual downfall.On of the best things in ACOK was the skill with which Robb's story was told offstage. I understand why he had to be in the TV show, but my god did they do it badly.Some times, the show can do a story more justice. Robbs is definitely one of those, IMO. We got to see a story from him instead of merely hearing/seeing things from Catelyn's perspective.I don't have a problem with us seeing the story, I have a problem with the appalling way in which it has been written.
1715	dtones520	2012-06-05	They wouldn't even have needed a weirwood, just a godswood.You know, leading up to the first season, I remember hearing interviews with Benioff and Weis where they talked about how much they loved the books. Benioff (i think) in particular said it was, to paraphrase, one of the greatest things he's ever read. Liar. Ignoring the asoiaf mythos and continuity is not something a fan would do. I'm not talking about changes to the plot for realistic budgetary/showbiz/scheduling/whatever demands. Hell, Im not even talking about their whitewashing of several characters (jon,arya,tyrion,robb oops just talked about it). Things like the robb-talissa septon marriage help me to realize that the creators of the asoiaf adaptation are not true fans of asoiaf.I'm not understanding how they ignored ASOIAF mythos when Ned Stark (you know, Robb's father, Lord of Winterfell, Warden of the North) got married in Riverrun's sept. Not in front of a Weirwood, not in Riverrun's Godswood, but in a Sept. Which probably means that a septon also did the ceremony. So, they show a marriage, that we knew nothing about the ceremony, include aspects of the Seven into it, but have it in front of a big ass tree, at night, in a likely Godswood (which is similar to Ramsays marriage) and they know nothing about ASOIAF and aren't true fans of the series.So tell me, because no one is doing this, if you created the show, how would you have portrayed Robb's wedding to Jeyne/Talisa? Now keep in mind, they are in the Westerlands where there are few Weirwoods, a few Podunk godswoods, Jeyne follows the Seven so she will probably want some of her faith included as well. I'm not sure anyone can do much better.
1716	Burt Clegane	2012-06-05	Some really dramatic statements on here. 
I'm a reader of the books and a fan of the TV show.
Sure, some of the finer points of the book that we all know and love, have been lost in the adaptation, but that is just how it works. We'll always have the books, that won't change, but the TV writers have a tough job adapting such beloved material.
So far, I don't think the TV writers have missed many steps.
Sure, I wish they'd made the Halfhand scene clearer, possibly have put an emphasis on what a strong fighter he is and how loyal he is to the Nights Watch, but ultimately he said to Jon in a previous ep "you have to do what needs to be done." "One of us in their camp is worth a hundred outside." (words to that effect) and his dying words to Jon "We are the watchers on the wall", reminding him of his duties, rather than cursing him for killing him, make it all quite clear for someone willing to go back and think clearly about it, that he let Jon kill him.
As for Lady Tulisa, I like this change. Jeyne in the books just seemed like a passenger. Partly because we never got a Robb POV, but she just seemed there. Tulisa has a backstory, you can see why Robb fell in love. Her medical knowledge might be crucial later when it comes to a certain potion being avoided?
Some of the nitpicking is going too far. The Wedding to the Seven could play out to be a major part of the willingness of some of his men to turn on him. 
Let's just enjoy the show for what it is. A flawed, but highly faithful and visually striking adaptation of a beloved series of books.
1717	The Black Wolf	2012-06-05	I was already rather disappointed (concerning this) after watching what I thought was otherwise a pretty good episode, but now, after reading this thread, my outrage has grown to a ridiculous size...My main problem is not how the wedding was performed. I always imagined it happened in a sept in the books, though it made more sense there since it wasn't as much a thoroughly premeditated wedding as it was two kids eloping. It was a bit jarring to see the King of the North, the Young Wolf, Robb Stark, the heir of Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell of the blood of the first men, recite the names of the seven with such...hmm...devotion? But otherwise it didn't particularly bother me.My problem is why the wedding was performed. I already pointed it out in the general discussion thread for this episode, but Robb is acting like a totally selfish brat... He just married a random Volantene girl! She is a nobody in Westeros! She isn't even from a noble house! Gods be good, SHE DOESN'T EVEN OWN A GOWN FIT TO BE WED IN!!! Kings in Westeros don't marry commoners; they marry the pretty daughters of important and powerful lords. Perhaps sometimes they marry the daughter of a slightly less important lord, but never would they marry what is basically a camp-follower!You know, trading the Freys for the Westerlings was a really bad deal, seeing as Robb exchanged some thousand soldiers for 50, with only a dozen knights. But Talisa brings absolutely nothing. This marriage would be an even more grievous insult to the Freys than the one with a Westerling... and in this case there arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t nearly as many excuses that you could possibly make for Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s behaviour. 
					
					
							Edited by The Black Wolf, 05 June 2012 - 11:00 AM.
1718	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-05	Maybe he was so gung ho to get hitched he used the nearest officiant available.
1719	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	Sure, some of the finer points of the book that we all know and love, have been lost in the adaptation, but that is just how it works. We'll always have the books, that won't change, but the TV writers have a tough job adapting such beloved material.This isn't a finer point, or a nuanced change to a character. This is the writers fucking up their own story.Can we hold the writers accountable to the story that they themselves are telling?
1720	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	Well, Robb is King of the North *AND* the Riverlands, and in the Riverlands most worship the Seven.  And having been raised by Catelyn I'd think most of their children probably prays to both. And if there are no Weirwood trees I can see them doing it with a Septon.
My main problem is that the vows are wrong.  Where is the cloak and he has to put on her?  We know what a marriage ceremony with the Seven looks like in Sansa/Tyrion wedding, why did they invent something different?
1721	MoonCoffee	2012-06-05	This will be a tl;dr post, just want to let this out of my system.IIRC I saw a tweet from Bryan Cogman admitting that Karstark swearing to the Father earlier was a mistake. I caught it when watching, but I can tolerate it. In the grand scheme of things, it's not important. But Robb marrying under the Seven is really annoying me. It's my number one grievance from the finale; I can even accept the evisceration of prophecies in the House of Undying. The way Robb has been handled this season is really bad, to the point that I wish all his bannermen would just leave him in a ditch somewhere. I've seen several fans trying to make sense of things as:1. There is no heart tree nearbyPossible, but if that is so, then Robb can wait until he finds one. There is no reason why he must rush.2. His wife worships the SevenJeyne Westerling perhaps, but not Talisa Maegyr, a Volantene. The Seven is a Westerosi god. Honestly it makes me suspicious whether it's a remnant of when she was still "Jeyne" (we know this because Richard Madden and Oona Chaplin both confirmed that the character's name change happened after Oona was cast), same way I felt when Talisa was hesitant about going to the Crag. We may never know. But even if for some unknown reason she worships the Seven, it brings us to...3. His mother worships the Seven, and so does SansaYes, Sansa prays to gods Old and New, but Sansa is not Lord Stark's firstborn son and King in the North. As Cat pointed out, Robb's position comes with responsibility. He can't expect people to die for him while trampling their customs. He can't expect people to keep their vows to him if he can't keep his vow. Even if all his siblings go and worship the Seven, R'hllor, Drowned God or whatever, Robb would be expected to keep the Old Gods. Even Joffrey so helpfully pointed out in this very episode that a king can't simply break holy vows.Now, is it impossible that Robb is at this point just sick of everything that's not Talisa and wilfully abandon his promise to the Freys, his bannermen's sentiments, his mother's advice, and doesn't spare a thought about his siblings? No, but that just makes him impulsive, selfish and unsympathetic.Going into the out-of-universe explanations:4. They don't want to confuse viewers with too many religionsNed prayed in front of a heart tree. Ned and Cat had pointed out their religious difference in S1. Jon said his vows in front of a heart tree. Maester Luwin in this very episode sits in front of that tree, reminding us of its existence. Theon in his desperation mentions Drowned God, Old Gods and the New. Viewers already know the diversity exists.5. This is part of the writing, Robb will payProbable. But, as I said, also made Robb too unsympathetic. The disappointment doubles because they already cut down focus on Cat to prop up Robb as a more central character. Not worth it IMO.6. They forgot/don't careAlso probably. That would be a pity, and making me rethink supporting the show financially.
					
					
							Edited by MoonCoffee, 05 June 2012 - 01:01 PM.
1722	Burt Clegane	2012-06-05	The Robb in the TV show is a boy thrust into a situation that he wasn't prepared for. He's quite possibly a virgin (?) and has fallen head over heels in love. He wanted to get married ASAP in case something happened to him or he changed his mind. I'm prepared to suspend my disbelief and accept he just wanted any priest to marry him.
I'm not an apologist for the TV show, but let's just enjoy it. It's a 9/10 adaptation so far. Could get better, could be a hell of a lot worse.
1723	MoonCoffee	2012-06-05	The Robb in the TV show is a boy thrust into a situation that he wasn't prepared for. He's quite possibly a virgin (?) and has fallen head over heels in love. He wanted to get married ASAP in case something happened to him or he changed his mind. I'm prepared to suspend my disbelief and accept he just wanted any priest to marry him.I'm not an apologist for the TV show, but let's just enjoy it. It's a 9/10 adaptation so far. Could get better, could be a hell of a lot worse.Richard Madden decided to portray him as a virgin. But at the same time I don't believe having sex automatically makes someone stupid. It's not a momentary lapse either, Robb has been courting her for a long time despite Cat repeatedly reminding him, and him saying "I knooow". And he wasn't making the decision with a troubled mind, because they didn't know that Bran and Rickon are 'dead'. It's not a matter of suspending disbelief, it's a matter of connecting the dots and seeing that the character painted changed from being someone I feel bad for to be thrust in a difficult situation to someone I want to see fail.I am enjoying the TV show. Theon is a joy to watch this season. I cried (in a good way) in the Winterfell scene with Luwin and the kids, even though I think it could be explained better why the Bolton men are not there to protect the Little Lord. I miss the prophecies in the HotU, and thinks her khalasar's going and coming is too convenient, but I'm still overall okay with the changes and entertained with Dany's vengeance and the dragons' antics. Sam's meeting with the icy horde is also an exciting cliffhanger.I just really, realy don't like what is done with Robb's subplot.
					
					
							Edited by MoonCoffee, 05 June 2012 - 01:29 PM.
1724	sumpthy	2012-06-05	Jeyne Westerling perhaps, but not Talisa Maegyr, a Volantene. The Seven is a Westerosi god.No it isn't. The Faith of the Seven comes from Essos.
1725	Burt Clegane	2012-06-05	But these are questions left open by the season finale.
I regularly question my friends who haven't read the books. 
Most of them didn't realise that Quorin died on purpose. They aren't dim guys and gals, it's just hard to keep up with the minor clues, but looking back all those clues are there. Why would an enraged Quorin desperate for revenge, use his last words to remind Jon of his duties, rather than say something like "you've killed me you bastard scum"? Once you think about it, it makes sense.
As for Robb, he fell in love. He is the King, he's not going to listen to his mother who he is already extremely angry at for giving away his main leverage. He doesn't care what she thinks anymore and he ignores her warning. You are entitled to disagree and nitpick, but I don't understand why this plot would make you want 'Robb to fail'.
1726	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	Yes, Sansa prays to gods Old and New, but Sansa is not Lord Stark's firstborn son and King in the North. As Cat pointed out, Robb's position comes with responsibility. He can't expect people to die for him while trampling their customs. He can't expect people to keep their vows to him if he can't keep his vow. Even if all his siblings go and worship the Seven, R'hllor, Drowned God or whatever, Robb would be expected to keep the Old Gods. Even Joffrey so helpfully pointed out in this very episode that a king can't simply break holy vows.You seem to be ignoring the fact that Ned Stark was married IN A SEPT.  They followed one man who was married in a ceremony honoring the seven but it's a deal breaker for another?  That makes no sense.
					
					
							Edited by Tenlaar, 05 June 2012 - 03:04 PM.
1727	dtones520	2012-06-05	You seem to be ignoring the fact that Ned Stark was married IN A SEPT.  The followed one man who was married in a ceremony honoring the seven but it's a deal breaker for another?  That makes no sense.That's what I don't understand about people bashing this scene. Ned was indeed married in a sept, a septon probably did the ceremony, he probably said some vows to the Seven and he was Lord of Winterfell, Warden in the North, etc. We all know that there are no Weirwoods in the South, we know that Northern wedding ceremonies are very simple affairs that happen in front of a heart tree at night, we know the Westerlings follow the Seven. So, the show has them get married in front of a big ass tree at night by a septon with some cheesy vows to the Seven, seems to me that they were combining aspects of both religions.Whether or not Robb's story sucked or not, this thread was about the Wedding, and no one bashing the scene has fleshed out how they thought Robb's wedding actually happened in the books.
1728	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	That's what I don't understand about people bashing this scene. Ned was indeed married in a sept, a septon probably did the ceremony, he probably said some vows to the Seven and he was Lord of Winterfell, Warden in the North, etc. We all know that there are no Weirwoods in the South, we know that Northern wedding ceremonies are very simple affairs that happen in front of a heart tree at night, we know the Westerlings follow the Seven. So, the show has them get married in front of a big ass tree at night by a septon with some cheesy vows to the Seven, seems to me that they were combining aspects of both religions.Whether or not Robb's story sucked or not, this thread was about the Wedding, and no one bashing the scene has fleshed out how they thought Robb's wedding actually happened in the books.I bet in Robb's wedding in the books there was a cloak exchange, and the vows similar to the ones said by Sansa and Tyrion,  I don't mind a wedding by a Septon, but the ceremony should have been correct.
1729	Clariana	2012-06-05	I don't think it's entirely OOC... Robb has had an idyllic childhood and suddenly he's thrust into the middle of a bloody civil war, personally and directly responsible for thousands of lives. He's done some things very well, he's faltering in others... I'm with Burt above: He sees all this death around him. Dad is dead. His mum disappoints him... His sisters are probably as good as dead; he can only hope for the best re his brothers; Jon is lost to him at the wall; Theon turned his coat. He wants something for himself... Perhaps he's also thinking dynastically... The Starks have been decimated in just a few months...
1730	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	I bet in Robb's wedding in the books there was a cloak exchange, and the vows similar to the ones said by Sansa and Tyrion,  I don't mind a wedding by a Septon, but the ceremony should have been correct.This just seems to me like comparing getting married quick as you can by an Elvis impersonator in a Vegas chapel to the royal wedding last year.
1731	7V3N	2012-06-05	THE KING IN THE NORTH (doesn't worship the gods of all of his people?)Well him and Lord Karstark can pray to the Father together.Ned would not allow his heir, the future Lord of Winterfell and leader of the remaining First Men, to worship the Seven over the Old Gods. His bannermen would be furious and feel alienated. The North has always been unique and a key factor is their old roots--worship of the old gods, geographic isolation, their proximity to "the end of the world," the blood of the First Men. The North has remained untouched for thousands of years, with the exception of Aegon's invasion.As Lord of Winterfell, he could get away with worshiping both. But as King in the North, and the first one in nearly 300 years, he represents the North in a huge way forever. The Young Wolf will be remembered and the North remembers. Worshiping the Seven would seriously alienate his people.What if India's prime minister was straight out of Pakistan? The Indians would not like that.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 05 June 2012 - 03:35 PM.
1732	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	No it isn't. The Faith of the Seven comes from Essos.Yes, the Faith originated in hte Hills of Andalos which is on the complete opposite side of the continent from Volantus where Talasia is from. Not only that, but the religion is not even practiced there much at all because the region is almost abandoned as all of the Andals migrated to Westeros,So, What's your point?
1733	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	Maybe he was so gung ho to get hitched he used the nearest officiant available.Aye.Robb Stark has forsaken the Old Gods and the vow he made to Lord Frey.I hope someone punishes him for this.
1734	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	Ned would not allow his heir, the future Lord of Winterfell and leader of the remaining First Men, to worship the Seven over the Old Gods. His bannermen would be furious and feel alienated. The North has always been unique and a key factor is their old roots--worship of the old gods, geographic isolation, their proximity to "the end of the world," the blood of the First Men. The North has remained untouched for thousands of years, with the exception of Aegon's invasion.Hey, cool, another person completely ignoring the fact that Ned himself was married in a sept.This is getting a bit repetetive.
1735	dtones520	2012-06-05	THE KING IN THE NORTH (doesn't worship the gods of all of his people?)Well him and Lord Karstark can pray to the Father together.Ned would not allow his heir, the future Lord of Winterfell and leader of the remaining First Men, to worship the Seven over the Old Gods. His bannermen would be furious and feel alienated. The North has always been unique and a key factor is their old roots--worship of the old gods, geographic isolation, their proximity to "the end of the world," the blood of the First Men. The North has remained untouched for thousands of years, with the exception of Aegon's invasion.Hey genius, Ned got married in Riverrun's Sept.
1736	7V3N	2012-06-05	Hey, cool, another person completely ignoring the fact that Ned himself was married in a sept.This is getting a bit repetetive.Read on my friend. I specified that a Lord could do that. But not a King. Especially given Robb's situation as the first King in the North in nearly 300 years.So, hey, cool another person completely ignoring the fact that selective attention just doesn't work.Hey genius, Ned got married in Riverrun's Sept.Read on /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />And I didn't even mention how Ned needed Hoster Tully's men. Perhaps if he wasn't desperate for support, he would have had a marriage on his own terms. It is assumed Ned married Cat to be honorable, but it very easily could have just been for Tully support in the war.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 05 June 2012 - 03:45 PM.
1737	7V3N	2012-06-05	dp
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 05 June 2012 - 03:45 PM.
1738	sumpthy	2012-06-05	Yes, the Faith originated in hte Hills of Andalos which is on the complete opposite side of the continent from Volantus where Talasia is from. Not only that, but the religion is not even practiced there much at all because the region is almost abandoned as all of the Andals migrated to Westeros,So, What's your point?That the Faith of the Seven isn't a Westerosi religion.
1739	dtones520	2012-06-05	Read on my friend. I specified that a Lord could do that. But not a King. Especially given Robb's situation as the first King in the North in nearly 300 years.So, hey, cool another person completely ignoring the fact that selective attention just doesn't work.Read on /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />And I didn't even mention how Ned needed Hoster Tully's men. Perhaps if he wasn't desperate for support, he would have had a marriage on his own terms. It is assumed Ned married Cat to be honorable, but it very easily could have just been for Tully support in the war.You hadn't posted that when I replied. And you make a good point, but explain this to me, how do you think Robb's wedding went in the books? Remember that he got married in the Crag, the Westerlings follow the Seven, there are little to no Weirwoods in the South. So, tell me how book Robb's wedding would have differed from show Robb's. I'm interested in your thoughts.And sorry about the comment earlier.
1740	AmanoJacu	2012-06-05	Ned got married in Riverrun's Sept.I was going to say the exact same thing, but just as I suspected somebody beat me to it.Deal with it, it makes perfect sense for Robb to get married in a sept, according to the scenario. In the books, most likely the marriage between Robb and Jeyne Westerling was also in a sept. And if Robb had married a Frey as he promised, it would have been in a sept as well unless they had celebrated it at Winterfell.The fact that he was King of the North might have played a role in marrying in a weirwood to the Old Gods, if and only if it had been an official wedding with all the northern bannermen present and a big feast with no regrets etc. etc,; and not a secret wedding with no guests at all that is going to cost him his allies, his crown and his own life.
					
					
							Edited by AmanoJacu, 05 June 2012 - 04:16 PM.
1741	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	Read on my friend. I specified that a Lord could do that. But not a King. Especially given Robb's situation as the first King in the North in nearly 300 years.And what proof is there of this?  Any at all?  One single shred?The proof that is available is that the lords of the north greatly respected, willingly followed, and would willingly give their lives for a man who was married in a sept.  In the south.  To a southern woman who followed the seven.  And had a sept in his home.  And had his children raised with both of the religions in their lives.
1742	7V3N	2012-06-05	how do you think Robb's wedding went in the books? Remember that he got married in the Crag, the Westerlings follow the Seven, there are little to no Weirwoods in the South. So, tell me how book Robb's wedding would have differed from show Robb's. I'm interested in your thoughts.There are more than people think. Every major town North of the Red Mountains has one, except for KL (has a large oak in the godswood), the Eyrie (they tried and failed to plant one) and Storm's End (Melisandre burned it). Highgarden is unconfirmed. There are also smaller families like the Blackwoods (although theirs is dead) that have heart trees. Not to mention there are godswoods without heart trees that still are used for the same purpose.
1743	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	That the Faith of the Seven isn't a Westerosi religion.Then your point would be wrong considering for millenniums the seat of power for that religion was in Oldtown, and then the Targaryens took it up 300 years before the series and moved it to King's Landing. It is a religion almost exclusively followed by the people of Westeros, and would not be a religion from someone from Volantus.
1744	DornishREDhotmama	2012-06-05	i don't think the tv-alone watchers would even catch this!!!!  omg, all you people whining is ridiculous.  there is a book and there is a tv show.  two separate entities. get over the fact that grrm signed over the rights for a big bag of money-he sold out.  sorry, but he did.  and yes we (the book readers) are suffering for it.
1745	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	i don't think the tv-alone watchers would even catch this!!!!  omg, all you people whining is ridiculous.  there is a book and there is a tv show.  two separate entities. get over the fact that grrm signed over the rights for a big bag of money-he sold out.  sorry, but he did.  and yes we (the book readers) are suffering for it.You are not understanding the complaint... The TV show has written a scene that goes against its own writing. This has absolutely nothing to do with what is written in the books. I'm glad this doesn't bug you, but it bothers the hell out of me. Now, would you like to discuss what you do or do not like, or do you just want to complain about the discussion?
1746	A Bear covered in Fluff	2012-06-05	This might be slightly off topic, but since it's mostly about religion: Didn't Jaqen talk about the "red god" demanding the names from Arya, meaning R'hlor rather than the Many Faced god? This would mean the Faceless Men are "pawns" of R'hlor which I find much more unacceptable than Robb being married in the wrong manner. He says it in the book too also if you read the parts about the many faced god.. the name itself pretty much sums it up. there is one god he has many faces, some call him Rh'llor or the other some call aspects of him the seven. all are still the same god but of course he has many parts to him.in all honest GRRM is the many-faced god, Why? because he creates so many faces for us to believe in /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by DontCallMeLadyFluff, 05 June 2012 - 04:57 PM.
1747	Morrigan	2012-06-06	Hey genius, Ned got married in Riverrun's Sept.People keep repeating this as if it were a good refutation. Have you people thought it through at all?  Ned got married in a sept... to Catelyn Tully. In Riverrun. A woman of the riverlands, where they practice the faith of the Seven. Ned, as we know from the very first Catelyn chapter (and the 2nd chapter of the first book), is very accommodating of his wife, and he had a small sept built for her at Winterfell.Now why exactly is Ned, being married in the sept of Riverrun to his Seven-worshipping southern Westerosi wife, an argument for the King in the North who is marrying a Volantene? Maybe if Robb was just the Lord of Winterfell and not the King in the North ("even their gods are wrong!"), and maybe if his wife were a Seven worshipper, then I'd concede the point. But they worship Rh'llor in Volantis. They like Rh'llor so much that there's even a temple to him that's bigger than the Great Sept of Baelor from King's Landing. It's not 100% impossible that there are some Volantene who keep the Seven (just as there are, say, Christian minorities in Muslim countries and vice-versa), but it's unlikely.It'd be like seeing a white Scottish man (known for coming from a very Christian culture) marrying an Arabic Muslim woman in a... Buddhist temple. Wat.Not to mention, even for a wedding done in the rites of the Seven, it was wrong. No cloak exchange, and the exchange of vows was different. So there. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> (I didn't really care about that, but I did think the way they showed in the show, with the two reciting the same vows at the same time, sounded horribly cheesy. YMMV.)No it isn't. The Faith of the Seven comes from Essos.Yeah, thousands of years ago from the Andals... the Faith of the Seven hasn't been popular in Essos for quite a while.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 06 June 2012 - 12:37 AM.
1748	Ghost Rider	2012-06-06	My main problem is not how the wedding was performed. (...) My problem is why the wedding was performed. I already pointed it out in the general discussion thread for this episode, but Robb is acting like a totally selfish brat. (...) Talisa brings absolutely nothing. This marriage would be an even more grievous insult to the Freys than the one with a Westerling... and in this case there arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t nearly as many excuses that you could possibly make for Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s behaviour.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Yeah, I really cannot understand why everybody seems so hung up about the ceremony. I was outraged at the wedding itself taking part! Or rather that they gave no reasons for it. They have fallen in love with each other. Fine. But why marry? Even today not everybody marries instantly after falling in love with another person.And why the hurry? In the books the reasoning is understandable, even if skewed. Jeyne is an innocent, noble virgin who stands a lot to lose by loss of her virginity. Talisa? Obviously not a young girl, but a woman grown and a camp follower to boot. Anyway nowhere was it mentioned, that she was even supposed to be a virgin with her honour at stake.Even given the premise that they want to marry just for love, why not wait until Robb has won the war? That wouldn't be honourable of course as he would basically cheat the Freys out of the contract, but his behaviour is far from honourable anyway. After Robb wins the war, he can do whatever he wants to. Should he lose, nobody will ask for him or his heirs anyway. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> He's in for a all or nothing.So what exactly does he gain by the marriage? For me his behaviour is absolutely irrational and in no way am I able to rationalize it. I just don't get it. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1749	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-06	People keep repeating this as if it were a good refutation. Have you people thought it through at all?  Ned got married in a sept... to Catelyn Tully. In Riverrun. A woman of the riverlands, where they practice the faith of the Seven. Ned, as we know from the very first Catelyn chapter (and the 2nd chapter of the first book), is very accommodating of his wife, and he had a small sept built for her at Winterfell.Now why exactly is Ned, being married in the sept of Riverrun to his Seven-worshipping southern Westerosi wife, an argument for the King in the North who is marrying a Volantene? Maybe if Robb was just the Lord of Winterfell and not the King in the North ("even their gods are wrong!"), and maybe if his wife were a Seven worshipper, then I'd concede the point. But they worship Rh'llor in Volantis. They like Rh'llor so much that there's even a temple to him that's bigger than the Great Sept of Baelor from King's Landing. It's not 100% impossible that there are some Volantene who keep the Seven (just as there are, say, Christian minorities in Muslim countries and vice-versa), but it's unlikely.It'd be like seeing a white Scottish man (known for coming from a very Christian culture) marrying an Arabic Muslim woman in a... Buddhist temple. Wat.Not to mention, even for a wedding done in the rites of the Seven, it was wrong. No cloak exchange, and the exchange of vows was different. So there. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> (I didn't really care about that, but I did think the way they showed in the show, with the two reciting the same vows at the same time, sounded horribly cheesy. YMMV.)Yeah, thousands of years ago from the Andals... the Faith of the Seven hasn't been popular in Essos for quite a while.Stop making me like your posts.
1750	Burt Clegane	2012-06-06	It's incredible how worked up some of you are. Surely it's completely irrelevant. A minor issue. Robb in the TV show is young, impulsive and quite clearly "married for love". Just because we've seen him pray occasionally that doesn't make him a religious fanatic. 
You guys would look quite foolish if the religion factor went on to play a role in the Red Wedding betrayal.
1751	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Yeah, I really cannot understand why everybody seems so hung up about the ceremony. I was outraged at the wedding itself taking part! Or rather that they gave no reasons for it. They have fallen in love with each other. Fine. But why marry? Even today not everybody marries instantly after falling in love with another person.And why the hurry? In the books the reasoning is understandable, even if skewed. Jeyne is an innocent, noble virgin who stands a lot to lose by loss of her virginity. Talisa? Obviously not a young girl, but a woman grown and a camp follower to boot. Anyway nowhere was it mentioned, that she was even supposed to be a virgin with her honour at stake.Even given the premise that they want to marry just for love, why not wait until Robb has won the war? That wouldn't be honourable of course as he would basically cheat the Freys out of the contract, but his behaviour is far from honourable anyway. After Robb wins the war, he can do whatever he wants to. Should he lose, nobody will ask for him or his heirs anyway. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> He's in for a all or nothing.So what exactly does he gain by the marriage? For me his behaviour is absolutely irrational and in no way am I able to rationalize it. I just don't get it. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I guess the logic being is to get him with an heir before his bannermen kill him.
1752	Ferrous	2012-06-06	I guess the logic being is to get him with an heir before his bannermen kill him.He is a King.He can legitimise his own bastards.His bannermen and even Walder wouldn't care if he fathered a bastard on Talisa.
1753	Ghost Rider	2012-06-06	I guess the logic being is to get him with an heir before his bannermen kill him.Robb? or the unborn heir? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Or both? Because logically whoever betrays Robb, will also want to lay hands on the potential heir. Robb should know that the only way he can protect his family (including his beloved Talisa) is to win the war and he can't win the war without the support of the Freys and yes, those bridges. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> If he loses the war, he could have fathered a great many heirs, it wouldn't be much help, since they would be babies and could be killed.Anyway, I was disappointed because we got virtually no reasons for the marriage. They leave me guessing and I can't come up with a convincing reason. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Never thought, that the show would inspire so much sympathy for the Boltons of all people! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1754	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	Never thought, that the show would inspire so much sympathy for the Boltons of all people! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1755	Ferrous	2012-06-06	Robb? or the unborn heir? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Or both? Because logically whoever betrays Robb, will also want to lay hands on the potential heir. Robb should know that the only way he can protect his family (including his beloved Talisa) is to win the war and he can't win the war without the support of the Freys and yes, those bridges. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> If he loses the war, he could have fathered a great many heirs, it wouldn't be much help, since they would be babies and could be killed.Anyway, I was disappointed because we got virtually no reasons for the marriage. They leave me guessing and I can't come up with a convincing reason. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Never thought, that the show would inspire so much sympathy for the Boltons of all people! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Good old Boltons.True Northmen who are still loyal to the old gods- whilst the heretic Starks marry in septs and nurse southron ambitions.
1756	Autopath	2012-06-06	I thought he was married by the septon because his mother keeps throwing "Your Father" in his face. Right before this scene, he snaps "Father's dead" at Cat. My impression was he got married by the septon as a show of defiance...his need to do his own thing and not be a slave to the man his father was.
1757	Burt Clegane	2012-06-06	There is no logic. He is a boy who has just fallen in love. He didn't care about his responsibilities. It's daft, but that's just life."I don't want to marry the Frey girl."Simple. So he didn't. It's a human trait. It was a youthful act of defiance. He's a King, why can't he do what he wants? He knows his parents didn't have the true love marriage that he feels he could have with Tulisa.It's something that the vast majority of people watching the show will understand and empathise with.
1758	dtones520	2012-06-06	People keep repeating this as if it were a good refutation. Have you people thought it through at all?  Ned got married in a sept... to Catelyn Tully. In Riverrun. A woman of the riverlands, where they practice the faith of the Seven. Ned, as we know from the very first Catelyn chapter (and the 2nd chapter of the first book), is very accommodating of his wife, and he had a small sept built for her at Winterfell.Now why exactly is Ned, being married in the sept of Riverrun to his Seven-worshipping southern Westerosi wife, an argument for the King in the North who is marrying a Volantene? Maybe if Robb was just the Lord of Winterfell and not the King in the North ("even their gods are wrong!"), and maybe if his wife were a Seven worshipper, then I'd concede the point. But they worship Rh'llor in Volantis. They like Rh'llor so much that there's even a temple to him that's bigger than the Great Sept of Baelor from King's Landing. It's not 100% impossible that there are some Volantene who keep the Seven (just as there are, say, Christian minorities in Muslim countries and vice-versa), but it's unlikely.It'd be like seeing a white Scottish man (known for coming from a very Christian culture) marrying an Arabic Muslim woman in a... Buddhist temple. Wat.Not to mention, even for a wedding done in the rites of the Seven, it was wrong. No cloak exchange, and the exchange of vows was different. So there. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> (I didn't really care about that, but I did think the way they showed in the show, with the two reciting the same vows at the same time, sounded horribly cheesy. YMMV.)Yeah, thousands of years ago from the Andals... the Faith of the Seven hasn't been popular in Essos for quite a while.So, you are assuming that Talisa worships Rhollor. No where in the show is that mentioned, maybe when she came to Westeros she converted to the Seven? We don't really know anything about her, other than that she says she's from Volantis and that she acts kind of shady at times.As for th point about Ned, it is an argument because it's Robb's father. Someone who Robb models himself after, or tries to. So, he looks at it and rationalizes his getting married by a septon because his ad got married in a Sept, by a Septon. It was a rush job wedding. But it was performed at night, in front of a big ass tree, probably in a Godswood.The vows were cheesy, I agree, but most wedding vows are pretty cheesy. Heck the whole exchanging of cloaks thing is cheesy as hell. Plus that is a highborn wedding tradition, basically saying "we are joining our houses". I'm guessing that normal weddings, not between noble houses don't have the cloak exchange. They probably have a septon saying some things and say some cheesy ass vow.
1759	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-06	There is no logic. He is a boy who has just fallen in love. He didn't care about his responsibilities. It's daft, but that's just life."I don't want to marry the Frey girl."Simple. So he didn't. It's a human trait. It was a youthful act of defiance. He's a King, why can't he do what he wants? He knows his parents didn't have the true love marriage that he feels he could have with Tulisa.It's something that the vast majority of people watching the show will understand and empathise with.We're not meant to empathise with Robb.Sheesh, how many times do I have to say this. Robb is the newly appointed teenage king of a large army trying to avenge the death of his father in a feudal society where more often than not brides and grooms are simply chosen for young men and women. We cannot empathise with this, because none of us thankfully live in such a society nowadays.Yet you're telling me that we seemingly can and are supposed to empathise with Robb throwing his toys out of the pram and endangering tens of thousands of lives simply because he wants something? No. That is not something worth empathising with and it's not something Robb would do, especially given that this is a war he started to try and save/avenge the father whose character and honesty he revered.Book Robb is a sympathetic character, and was also man enough to admit his mistakes (that isn't to say I don't think he loved Jeyne, I believe he did, but he clearly regretted deflowering her without her being wed, which is why he married her, and his conversations with Catelyn show that he did to an extent regret the decision he made, which alienated him from the Freys). Show Robb is a petulant child with a raging boner.At this point I would fully support a Catelyn slapping Robb scene, and someone telling Robb that when the war is ended, he can spend a "gapyah" down in Dorne, where the women are just as exotic as Talisa and live in a society where women have more rights, so they're, like, totally empowered.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 06 June 2012 - 09:04 AM.
1760	Burt Clegane	2012-06-06	..his father, that as far as he knows, cheated on his mother at least once?
I always found the idea that Book Robb, on finding out his two brothers had been killed and his home town had been burnt to the ground, was in the mood to have sex at all. In the show at least it's simply young love and passion taking over....something most people can empathise with.
1761	Lord Varys	2012-06-06	The Robb subplot brilliantly succeeds in showing why aging up Robb Stark and changing the Westerling subplot to this travesty of a love story completely sucks.
How the thing works in the books:
1. Even a 15-year-old Robb Stark only ended up marrying Jeyne Westerling because Lady Sybelle and Rolph Spicer played the honor card. And even this young Robb Stark only ended up sleeping with Jeyne because he was hurt physically (arrow wound) and emotionally (news about the death of his two brothers).
2. Marrying Jeyne has to have been a rather hasty and unreflected decision. The Freys were with Robb at the Crag, after all. If Robb asked anyone for counsel about this matter (say, for instance, his great-uncle the Blackfish, or the Greatjon) they would have talked him out of it, and the Freys would have heard about his plans in time. It very much seems as if Robb had presented his lords bannermen with his new queen after they had already been married (remember, Black Walder Frey told Robb that his sisters/cousins would not mind marrying a widower - the Freys only heard about after the thing was done). This strongly indicates that Robb was somewhat isolated from his men while being treated at the Crag. Even he would have realized that marrying Jeyne was a very bad idea had he properly thought the consequences through.
After all, it's evident later on that Robb realizes that this was a very bad decision. He loves Jeyne, but he is not stupid enough to deny that it would have been better for him, his family, and his cause if he had not married her.
Why a Robb love story could not possibly have worked in the TV show:
1. Richard Madden's Robb is not a 15-year-old boy. Book Robb may have kissed girls before he met Jeyne, but he most likely never was genuine in love with a noble girl before. Jeyne was his first love, and this made him irrational. Richard Madden's Robb surely was in love before he met Talisa, so this could not possible be a first time romance.
2. Robb Stark would never have fallen for an impoverished exotic noble-born camp follower. This is a fact. His whole upbringing would not enable him to fall in love with a woman whose personality has virtually nothing to do with the way (noble) women behave and talk in the world of Westeros. They would never have met, nor would they have talked to each other the way Robb ended up talking to her. Robb Stark would never have been aroused by a completely boring story about a boy nearly drowning in the Rhoyne. I'd go as far as saying that no sane man would be seduced by this kind of story ;-).
3. Even if they had stuck to the whole Westerling plot and the rash decision - it would have been difficult to sell to the audience with an elder Robb (the only way I can think it right would have been if they had made a strong point about Robb's honor all the time, and then made Lady Sybelle and Ser Rolph catch him while deflowering precious Jeyne - a cut from that shot directly to the wedding would have worked in a funny way, with Robb complaining afterwards about 'What was I supposed to do?'), but it completely sucks character-wise if they are actually discussing the whole topic and its consequences before the marriage happens. 'Alas, this is a dangerous thing to do, and it literally contradicts and distorts everything I should stand for as a king, and it might very well cause severe political repercussions for me in the immediate future, but I am in love, and I don't care if I live or die.'
The fact that there is no reason given why the wedding has to be right now (and not, say, after the war is won and the allegiance of House Frey truly nothing King Robb has to care much about) is but a minor annoying detail in this travesty of a story. I guess they don't address this point in the series, because they could not come up with a reason. The only reason why they married in the book was the fact that not marrying Jeyne would have dishonored her in front of her family.
1762	David Selig	2012-06-06	1. Even a 15-year-old Robb Stark only ended up marrying Jeyne Westerling because Lady Sybelle and Rolph Spicer played the honor card. It's possible, but I don't remember this specified anywhere in the books. Quote?I'd go as far as saying that no sane man would be seduced by this kind of story ;-). Come on, when a woman looks as good as Oona Chaplin, the story could've been even dumber and still would've worked on an awful lot of men. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1763	Lord Varys	2012-06-06	1. We have to guess about the 'arrangement' surrounding the actual marriage, of course. But it's quite clear that a lot of stuff here is weird. First there is Robb's arrow wound and the immediate surrender of the Crag afterwards. That was the beginning of the set-up (confirmed only by the fact that lowborn Rolph Spicer, Sybelle's brother and then-castellan of the Crag, was named Lord of Castamere by King Tommen). Robb states to Cat that he ended up being 'comforted' by Jeyne in the night he learned about Bran and Rickon's deaths. Considering that the Blackfish or the Greatjon did not prevent Robb from this foolish decision, I guess Sybelle and Rolph 'surprised' Robb and Jeyne while they were at it.
It's quite clear that Robb felt honor-bound to marry Jeyne afterwards, but I'm not sure he would truly have stuck to that decision if he would have not been directly confronted by Jeyne's family. After all, telling a girl you love her and actually marrying her are two completely different things, and Robb would have had time to change his mind would he have had the opportunity to think (or talk) it through...
2. Well, at least I'm not in sex mode 24 hours a day. And talking about the siblings or the childhood of my girlfriend (who actually looks better than Oona Chaplin ;-)) is not the best way to get me going. But, well, perhaps I'm weird...
1764	Jolene Brown	2012-06-06	For me, it would have made sense to play it offscreen on the show and keep the storyline the same as in the books.  He would only have to be absent for, like, two episodes, which makes it the perfect time to focus on the storyline surrounding Caitlyn's release of Jaime.  I think this is one of those things that works better when you don't see it and start thinking about the details too much.  Then we have several episodes before the RW to get invested in the relationship.  I feel like they over-thought this whole storyline too much and worried about how to "translate" it to TV when there was no real need to change it to make it work.  People are already into Brienne/Jaime - they've had, what, 10 minutes of screen time together?  Bring Robb back with his new bride, present his torment at having made an impossible decision between 2 kinds of honor, and if they have chemistry, people will get invested.
1765	Tenlaar	2012-06-06	People keep repeating this as if it were a good refutation. Have you people thought it through at all?  Ned got married in a sept... to Catelyn Tully. In Riverrun. A woman of the riverlands, where they practice the faith of the Seven. Ned, as we know from the very first Catelyn chapter (and the 2nd chapter of the first book), is very accommodating of his wife, and he had a small sept built for her at Winterfell.The reason it is a good refutation is that it is the only evidence available.  There is no evidence that the northern lords would rebel against the king in the north because of how he got married, just opinions.  There is very clear evidence that the lords of the north continued to fully support, respect, and follow their liege lord after he was married in a sept to a southern woman who followed the seven.
1766	Noelle Snow	2012-06-06	1. Richard Madden's Robb is not a 15-year-old boy. Book Robb may have kissed girls before he met Jeyne, but he most likely never was genuine in love with a noble girl before. Jeyne was his first love, and this made him irrational. Richard Madden's Robb surely was in love before he met Talisa, so this could not possible be a first time romance.Actually there's no guarantee at all that Richard Madden's Robb had so much as had sex before much less been in love. Richard Madden himself said he felt Robb was a virgin. How many guys in life have had sex with a girl for the first time and then lost their damn mind over it? LOL
1767	Lord Varys	2012-06-06	Madden might feel his Robb was a virgin, but honestly, did the sex between him and Talisa look like he did not know what he was doing to you? Considering what Jon told Sam about Ros in season 1, it's much more obvious to me that Robb and Theon more than once visited Ros and her pretty friends at the brother outside of Winterfell.
That's where the boys had their first sexual experiences, and Jon only got second thoughts due to his bastard heritage.
Anyway, Madden's Robb is older. He should have his hormones/feelings better under control than 15-year-old book Robb.
1768	madman2711	2012-06-06	Where is the naked striping of the bride and groom
Umber would't miss it
1769	Buckwheat	2012-06-06	Madden might feel his Robb was a virgin, but honestly, did the sex between him and Talisa look like he did not know what he was doing to you? Considering what Jon told Sam about Ros in season 1, it's much more obvious to me that Robb and Theon more than once visited Ros and her pretty friends at the brother outside of Winterfell.That's where the boys had their first sexual experiences, and Jon only got second thoughts due to his bastard heritage.Anyway, Madden's Robb is older. He should have his hormones/feelings better under control than 15-year-old book Robb.Also, Talisa did not look like she did not know what she was doing as well. Their storx looks like it was taken from 21st century, which is not really how the society worked ... I would think most highborn girls acted much more shyly on the night of their deflowering than this.
1770	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-06	his father, that as far as he knows, cheated on his mother at least onceWhich resulted in the birth of a "bastard" who, despite being treated with respect and a degree of love, was never really a true "Stark". Robb isn't blind, he would have seen this. Book Robb would subsequently refuse to father a bastard one feels, and makes his decision to marry Jeyne in the context of her now being a deflowered noblewoman from an already minor house who has "slept with the enemy".Anyway, this is irrelevant because I'm talking about the reasons Robb began the war, namely to avenge his father. In the show he has now made a conscious decision to abandon his pledge to the Freys for nothing more than a piece of tail, which severely hampers his ability to do this. His emotional justification for endangering the war effort has been gutted.I always found the idea that Book Robb, on finding out his two brothers had been killed and his home town had been burnt to the ground, was in the mood to have sex at all. In the show at least it's simply young love and passion taking over....something most people can empathise with.We. Are. Not. Meant. To. Empathise. With. Robb.
1771	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	"Your being here encouraged them.  If a woman will behave like a camp follower, she cannot object to being treated like one.  A war host is no place for a maiden.  If you have any regard for your virtue or the honor of your House, you will ...return home..."
---Ser Randyll Tarley
Or as Boromir would have said
"Maidens do not simply walk around camp"
1772	dtones520	2012-06-06	Which resulted in the birth of a "bastard" who, despite being treated with respect and a degree of love, was never really a true "Stark". Robb isn't blind, he would have seen this. Book Robb would subsequently refuse to father a bastard one feels, and makes his decision to marry Jeyne in the context of her now being a deflowered noblewoman from an already minor house who has "slept with the enemy".Anyway, this is irrelevant because I'm talking about the reasons Robb began the war, namely to avenge his father. In the show he has now made a conscious decision to abandon his pledge to the Freys for nothing more than a piece of tail, which severely hampers his ability to do this. His emotional justification for endangering the war effort has been gutted.We. Are. Not. Meant. To. Empathise. With. Robb.His emotional justification in the show is that he fell in love with a woman and wants to marry her because he loves her. He doesn't want to spend the rest of his life with a woman he has never met and isn't guaranteed to love because he needed some bridge. Catelyn and Ned falling in love despite their political marriage seems to be a pretty rare thing in this world. Robert and Cersei, Lysa and Jon Arryn, Stannis and Selyse, Rhaegar and Elia, etc, etc, etc. Marrying a woman for love makes sense to a modern t.v. viewer, especially someone who watches HBO. Marrying someone because you took her maidenhead and felt honor bound to marry her because of that doesn't really make much sense to the average viewer. Especially when that hasn't been made a very big deal, other than it making the girl able to be married (Sansa).
1773	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-06	His emotional justification in the show is that he fell in love with a woman and wants to marry her because he loves her. He doesn't want to spend the rest of his life with a woman he has never met and isn't guaranteed to love because he needed some bridge. Catelyn and Ned falling in love despite their political marriage seems to be a pretty rare thing in this world. Robert and Cersei, Lysa and Jon Arryn, Stannis and Selyse, Rhaegar and Elia, etc, etc, etc.Irrelevant.Marrying a woman for love makes sense to a modern t.v. viewer, especially someone who watches HBO.I don't care. It's nonsensical for the reasons I have laboriously explained. I am not looking for empathy because I realise there is little to no empathy to be found in Robb's story.I'll say it again. We are not meant to empathise with Robb Stark.Marrying someone because you took her maidenhead and felt honor bound to marry her because of that doesn't really make much sense to the average viewer.Yeah, I mean it's not like we saw three women hanged earlier in the episode for shagging Lannisters is it?Or that Robb learned from his father, both in terms of his character and his "mistakes"Or that bastardy, lineage and prestige are a vital part of what defines houses and individuals alike in GOT?
1774	7V3N	2012-06-06	Hey, The Third Reed. Are we supposed to empathize with Robb Stark?
1775	jewelybrook	2012-06-06	I truly hated this episode, but the Seven didn't bother me.Remember, Book!Catelyn mentions in aGoT that she and Ned were married in the sept. She says nothing about weirwood.But yeah, it's weird. I don't think it's a political blunder others made it out to be, but neither Robb or Talisa worship the Seven. Let's just say there was no weirwood around. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Hodor.
1776	Burt Clegane	2012-06-06	Lol.
1777	Morrigan	2012-06-06	Stop making me like your posts./biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />So, you are assuming that Talisa worships Rhollor. No where in the show is that mentioned, maybe when she came to Westeros she converted to the Seven? We don't really know anything about her, other than that she says she's from Volantis and that she acts kind of shady at times.You'll note that I already pointed out it's not impossible that she worships the Seven, but merely unlikely. The fact is, it's certainly an oversight from the writers, though the mental gymnastics people go through to justify it are pretty funny.Hell, you really think the writers remember that Ned got married in a sept and that this would be their argument? Hah, yeah right.The reason it is a good refutation is that it is the only evidence available.  There is no evidence that the northern lords would rebel against the king in the north because of how he got married, just opinions.  There is very clear evidence that the lords of the north continued to fully support, respect, and follow their liege lord after he was married in a sept to a southern woman who followed the seven.Who said anything about the lords rebelling? More strawman.His emotional justification in the show is that he fell in love with a woman and wants to marry her because he loves her. He doesn't want to spend the rest of his life with a woman he has never met and isn't guaranteed to love because he needed some bridge."Some bridge"... and how many thousand soldiers again? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Marrying a woman for love makes sense to a modern t.v. viewer, especially someone who watches HBO. Marrying someone because you took her maidenhead and felt honor bound to marry her because of that doesn't really make much sense to the average viewer. Especially when that hasn't been made a very big deal, other than it making the girl able to be married (Sansa).You do realize that people like this story because it takes us outside of our modern comfort zone and avoids the cliches of modern tropes, right? Right....?
1778	madman2711	2012-06-06	Is it me or tulisa reminds me of a dornish sand snake as appearance and witt
Not that its important but jon asked to say his vows in front of the old gods
Than why the seven hells Rob didnt even bother mention them like we did the seven ceremony and now lets do the old gods one or something
It would work imo
Still bothered by the lack of cloack changing and bad sex jokes from Umber 
Im wainting for the RW just for this
1779	lojzelote	2012-06-07	Hodor.Excuse me?
1780	DirePenguin	2012-06-07	I guess the average viewer could relate more if you swear oath with a septon (priest) instead of a tree.
Or the writer was simply copying Braveheart.
1781	The hairy bear	2012-06-07	Nothing really new to contribute, but I just really wanted to add my voice to those that were disappointed with this particular scene. Couldn't they just mention that they were to be married "by the old gods and the new"? it's an already stablished formula!
An observant non-book viewer would wonder how Jon took the pain to go and swear his vows to a heart tree beyond the Wall and the King of the North himself marries according to a Southern ritual.
1782	The Last Reyne	2012-06-07	Is it ever said in the book series which gods Robb took?  Jon's gods were the old gods and Sansa's where the 7.  Heck, Arya will eventually worship the many faced god.	Not to mention Stanis turning away from the seven.Yes, like his father after battles or when he was pensive he went out to meditate/think in front of the Heart Tree. Also, there was a Heart Tree at least at Riverrun as this is where the scene of Robb going to pray before the Heart Tree after a battle took place. However, if I remember correctly a Septon marries he Jeyne in the book. Now of course in the book Jeyne worships the Seven where in the show that seems unlikely. In my opinion the writers have made a mess of things by not being consistant and changing some things from the books for no good reason.
1783	Burt Clegane	2012-06-07	I think if you quibble and bicker about the most minor of issues, you run the risk of ruining things for yourselves.
1784	SerMixalot	2012-06-07	Reading the Unsullied it occured to me that Robbs wedding ceremony was to introduce the 7 to the non readers.  Not the concept of the 7 but the individual faces.
1785	Tenlaar	2012-06-07	Who said anything about the lords rebelling? More strawman.They already follow Robb.  You claim they would not follow The King in the North for dishonoring the old gods and being married in this fashion.What do you call it when a faction that is sworn to a king removes their support of said king?
1786	sennahoj	2012-06-07	I am sure other people have already mentioned this, but anyhow.
While I could accept that the writers might change the Robb/Jeyne storyline, even change Jeyne`s character a bit, there is this one thing I cannot get my head around. Why change the character Robb falls in love with and marries from Jeyne Westerling, a Westerosi noblewoman, to a total stranger from Volantis who claims to be a noblewoman. it's not only making the whole affair more insulting to the Freys, it also doesn't bring anything to the show. Considering how tightly structured the show has to be to include the major storylines, and how much has to be cut nonetheless, why did the writers waste time on exposition for Volantis of all places? Volantis plays no role in the whole series of books until ADWD, and there it is only a minor episode. We don't even learn where Volantis is exactly, just that there's a river and that slaves get tattoed in the face. With such a rich background as GRRM's world has, why did they settle for Volantis? If it's meant to be exotic, use another city that has been mentioned before, like Pentos, Braavos. This heart-wrenching story of Talisa's little brother could have taken place anywhere else (close to water), even, surprise, the Westerlands. I can at least guess at why some of the other changes were made, but in this case it is a total mystery to me why it had to be Talisa from Volantis instead of Jeyne Westerling.
1787	Morrigan	2012-06-07	They already follow Robb.  You claim they would not follow The King in the North for dishonoring the old gods and being married in this fashion.I claimed that? Where? Please quote me, kthxbai.
1788	unRobert	2012-06-07	Considering how tightly structured the show has to be to include the major storylines, and how much has to be cut nonetheless, why did the writers waste time on exposition for Volantis of all places? Volantis plays no role in the whole series of books until ADWD, and there it is only a minor episode. We don't even learn where Volantis is exactly, just that there's a river and that slaves get tattoed in the face. With such a rich background as GRRM's world has, why did they settle for Volantis? If it's meant to be exotic, use another city that has been mentioned before, like Pentos, Braavos. This heart-wrenching story of Talisa's little brother could have taken place anywhere else (close to water), even, surprise, the Westerlands. I can at least guess at why some of the other changes were made, but in this case it is a total mystery to me why it had to be Talisa from Volantis instead of Jeyne Westerling.Strange and subtle folk, the Volantenes..Actually, I think Volantis will play an even bigger role (And I don't think it was in anyway a minor location in ADWD). They are going to war with Dany and shipping the free company to Westeros. Their history since the doom is vital to know the background of Essos and even Westeros to a smaller degree. I think the politics of Volantis may end up playing a role in the upcoming books. The producers introducing a pretty major character from this city only adds to my speculation.
					
					
							Edited by unRobert, 07 June 2012 - 04:53 PM.
1789	sennahoj	2012-06-07	Strange and subtle folk, the Volantenes..Actually, I think Volantis will play an even bigger role (And I don't think it was in anyway a minor location in ADWD). They are going to war with Dany and shipping the free company to Westeros. Their history since the doom is vital to know the background of Essos and even Westeros to a smaller degree. I think the politics of Volantis may end up playing a role in the upcoming books. The producers introducing a pretty major character from this city only adds to my speculation.It might play a role later on, but not now. There's no need for mentioning it at all. And Volantis, and whatever role it might play in the war with Daenerys etc. just doesn't matter to Robb's storyline. The background, all the kingdoms, cities and families are already complicated to follow, and it doesn't get simpler. So why not let Robb's queen be the daughter of a Lannister retainer as in the books? People would understand in what a strategic dilemma that puts Robb and this girl's family. But Volantis is strategically a nonentitiy in the current war, it's useless to Robb's war effort. Why mention Volantis this early on when this city will not enter the game at all until much much later? Hell, we might not even get this far on the series.
1790	7V3N	2012-06-07	It might play a role later on, but not now. There's no need for mentioning it at all. And Volantis, and whatever role it might play in the war with Daenerys etc. just doesn't matter to Robb's storyline. The background, all the kingdoms, cities and families are already complicated to follow, and it doesn't get simpler. So why not let Robb's queen be the daughter of a Lannister retainer as in the books? People would understand in what a strategic dilemma that puts Robb and this girl's family. But Volantis is strategically a nonentitiy in the current war, it's useless to Robb's war effort. Why mention Volantis this early on when this city will not enter the game at all until much much later? Hell, we might not even get this far on the series.I completely agree. And Volantis is so far minor in the story. Not a minor city in the world at all, but certainly of minor importance to the story so far. We had Tyrion there to meet the Golden Company with Aegon & co. Then we had Tyrion almost immediately getting kidnapped by Jorah and taken to the woman (can't remember what she was called) who gets them out of Volantis.
1791	dtones520	2012-06-07	/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />You'll note that I already pointed out it's not impossible that she worships the Seven, but merely unlikely. The fact is, it's certainly an oversight from the writers, though the mental gymnastics people go through to justify it are pretty funny.Hell, you really think the writers remember that Ned got married in a sept and that this would be their argument? Hah, yeah right.Who said anything about the lords rebelling? More strawman."Some bridge"... and how many thousand soldiers again? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />You do realize that people like this story because it takes us outside of our modern comfort zone and avoids the cliches of modern tropes, right? Right....?The soldiers that the Freys gave them were an added bonus. They were going south with or without them. So, the main reason for accepting Lord Walders offer was to cross the Twins, there was no other option.And yes I realize that is why people like the story, but I'm guessing that is why the show runners decided to make Robb's story about love as opposed to "oops I took her maidenhead, my honor is stained if I don't marry her!" People, not located here, sympathize with that.And for the record, I am not a fan of how they changed Robb's story. I don't mind them changing his reasons for getting married, falling in love is a legit reason to marry someone especially compared to marrying a girl who you "dishonored" she spread her legs too. But, changing Jeyne completely doesn't make sense to me.I think people's frustration over the drastic change from the books is clouding their judgement regarding anything else Robb. The thread is about the Wedding scene, which wasn't poorly done at all. Yes, the vows were cheesy, but what wedding vows are not cheesy? The wedding took place in a setting that encompassed Robb's religion with an official and vows that encompassed Talisa/Jeyne's.What I have asked a million times already in this thread is for the people bashing the scene to describe how they pictured Robb's rush job book wedding. Knowing what we know about the location that he got married, what would be different than the show? Everything else about the story aside, this thread was about the Wedding itself.
1792	Sam with Hooters	2012-06-08	Ferrous wrote:His bannermen and even Walder wouldn't care if he fathered a bastard on Talisa..Perhaps not, but Robb himself would, especially after growing up seeing Cat's attitude towards Jon.Come to think of it, a pregnancy would also explain the hurried-up wedding.  (Talisa should've raided some moon tea from the maester's stores along with the silk thread and milk of the poppy!).  If true, the writers will, of course, save the big revelation for next season, or put in another twist -- she could be lying about being pregnant and counting on conceiving soon with the help of some special herbal tinctures.Can't wait to see him break the news to Cat!
1793	David Selig	2012-06-08	Come to think of it, a pregnancy would also explain the hurried-up wedding.  (Talisa should've raided some moon tea from the maester's stores along with the silk thread and milk of the poppy!).  If true, the writers will, of course, save the big revelation for next season, or put in another twist -- she could be lying about being pregnant and counting on conceiving soon with the help of some special herbal tinctures.I hope not. This plotline is bad enough already even without adding fake pregnancies like a mediocre soap opera.How can Talysa know she's pregnant already by the time of the wedding, BTW? It really doesn't seem that more than a week or two at most have passed since she and Robb had sex for the first time (there are no news from Winterfell or about Blackwater in Robb's camp), and they don't have pregnancy tests in Westeros.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 08 June 2012 - 10:34 AM.
1794	birdsong66	2012-06-08	Can't wait to see him break the news to Cat!About what, a pregnancy or the wedding?  I think the scene between Robb and Catelyn prior to the wedding was meant to convey that he was informing her of his future intentions.  She was explaining reasons why it was a bad idea to marry her, very subtly suggesting that "passionate love in the woods" while quite exciting, is really more about Lust than Love proper, and NOT a reason to forgo the Freys altogether as there is always the possibility that this burning flame will extinguish just as quickly.  Or, that's my take, anyway.  I confess, how she said it, and what she said made feel so bad for this woman all over again.  Fairley is just a gem.As for how I thought the wedding would look?  Props to the poster who suggested the similarity with Braveheart.  It is the perfect illustration for why it seemed so off, out of tune, so to speak.  And, I expected the bride to be presented with the Stark family sigil cloak belonging to Robb, not a scrap of material weaving hands together.Of course he wants to marry her, honor aside, which is exactly the point I think Catelyn is trying to make:  Robb, I understand that this new world your penis has found is very exciting and all you want to do is immerse yourself entirely by marrying Talisa;  But you have discovered passion and lust, not love, and though she may be your first experience with all this, and you want to marry her, [i]do you clearly understand what will happen if you marry her?[i] Had Roslyn Frey been there, and just as attractive, couldn't Robb have had every possibility of exciting, passionate, and lusty encounters with her as well?My point is that the "woman" with whom Robb becomes involved, be it a Frey, Jayne, Volantis Medicine Woman, is irrelevant to the point that what Robb is fixated on is the very superficial aspects of passion, lust, excitement, sex, making him quite opposite of Ned, and it is the actions based on this fixation that leads to his substantial consequences, not the actual marriage itself, but the inability to see the entire infatuation as transient in nature at best, ill advised by all at worst. The Robb/Catelyn was very short, but it conveyed a substantial amount of information that I think is very easy to overlook upon first viewing.Oh, and I hate the entire Robb/Talisa debacle. So, I'm just trying to interpret it in ways that are easier for me to accept. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1795	Morrigan	2012-06-08	The soldiers that the Freys gave them were an added bonus. They were going south with or without them. So, the main reason for accepting Lord Walders offer was to cross the Twins, there was no other option.And once was that was done, you think he didn't need the 4000 soldiers? He's waging a war, remember? *facepalm*And yes I realize that is why people like the story, but I'm guessing that is why the show runners decided to make Robb's story about love as opposed to "oops I took her maidenhead, my honor is stained if I don't marry her!" People, not located here, sympathize with that.So you're admitting the show runners catered to the lowest common denominator instead of focusing on having a better story. Gotcha.
1796	Istakhr	2012-06-08	I don't understand why people are so much defensive about Robb's show storyline. All the non book readers that I know either dislike the Robb Talisa romance or do not care about it.
I believe show runners had good intentions, but their execution fell short. Here is what I think happened:
They wanted to portray Robb as ignoring his duty because of love instead of honor like the book. They believed Robb breaking his vows for love would be more sympathetic, when frankly he came out as a petulant, selfish child marrying to spite his mother.
					
					
							Edited by Istakhr, 08 June 2012 - 05:24 PM.
1797	s_Xi	2012-06-08	I think  the fact that Cat saw it just as lust and passion only added to Robb's frustration and anger. Because it was NOT just lust. It is unfair to label it that way - whatever we like or not how they told their story-  it was about love. Robb had the chance to know and fall in love with her. He saw in Talisa the woman he wanted and needed beside him...anyway I don't get why people are so upset.Show!Robb, like book!Robb, chose LOVE (it was just a crush in the books actually but whatever) and HONOR  ( yep, IMO honor is still one of the reasons because I think that the Starks' concept of honor doesn't apply only to highborn Westeros girls) over his duty.The only difference is in why he slept with T/J and I definitely prefer a boy-king who is afraid and feels lost and betrayed, tired to be the only one to play by the rules and sacrifice everything that find in this girl a moment of peace and comfort over the stupid mess of the books ( he was SO devastated by the deaths of his brothers and weakened by his wounds that he decided it was time to "roll around the bed" with a noble girl he liked... SERIOUSLY? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />) It was sooo ridiculous... I HATED it. I'm still wondering how is it possible that GRRM wrote that.Jeyne was no more than a plot device. We weren't emotionally invested in their story. At the end we felt sorry for Robb, this young dumb fool, but that's it. The RW shocked us reader for its cruelty and violence, viewers instead will live it ALSO as the tragic end of a love story (that one can like or not) that they saw unfold. It will double its impact. Unless one is heartless and think that a boy - no matter how stupid - deserves that death.R/T romance was cheesy and stupid? Oh well ... almost every love story is like that if you strip them of their nuances etc. For example - I'm absolutely NOT comparing the two stories- Romeo and Juliet is considered one of the greatest love story ever but if you WANT you can see it just like "the story of a 13 year old and a 17 year old dating for 3 days and resulting in 6 deaths"... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />D&D didn't wrote the romance of the year but I enjoyed their scenes and I know  lot of people - readers and not- who feel the same...so.. keep calm and let's see where the writers are going with this./end rant**goes back to lurkerland**
1798	Castel	2012-06-08	Show!Robb, like book!Robb, chose LOVE (it was just a crush in the books actually but whatever) and HONOR  ( yep, IMO honor is still one of the reasons because I think that the Starks' concept of honor doesn't apply only to highborn Westeros girls) over his duty.There's a difference here. Robb in the books made a mistake in his grief and then set out to fix said mistake regardless of personal cost. TV Robb didn't have a mistake to fix, he just deliberately broke his word because he could.
1799	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-08	I think  the fact that Cat saw it just as lust and passion only added to Robb's frustration and anger. Because it was NOT just lust. It is unfair to label it that way - whatever we like or not how they told their story-  it was about love. Robb had the chance to know and fall in love with her. He saw in Talisa the woman he wanted and needed beside him...Riiiight so in the show, enough time has magically passed to make Robb capable of loving "Talisa", whereby in the books this has not occurred? What logic have you used to deduce this.Being a pedant I know, but the only women Robb needs beside him are his mother (most of the time), Dacey Mormont and, if we're being Stark (sorry), the Frey girl. Talisa is not needed (and yes I did purposefully misinterpret your argument, but only because it's faulty and Robb's needs and wishes have been discussed multiple time already).anyway I don't get why people are so upset.Because many of us like Robb and don't want his character fundamentally changed.The only difference is in why he slept with T/J and I definitely prefer a boy-king who is afraid and feels lost and betrayed, tired to be the only one to play by the rules and sacrifice everything that find in this girl a moment of peace and comfort over the stupid mess of the books ( he was SO devastated by the deaths of his brothers and weakened by his wounds that he decided it was time to "roll around the bed" with a noble girl he liked... SERIOUSLY? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />) It was sooo ridiculous... I HATED it. I'm still wondering how is it possible that GRRM wrote that.The book version of events is more ridiculous than the show to you, really?Jeyne was no more than a plot device. We weren't emotionally invested in their story. At the end we felt sorry for Robb, this young dumb fool, but that's it. The RW shocked us reader for its cruelty and violence, viewers instead will live it ALSO as the tragic end of a love story (that one can like or not) that they saw unfold. It will double its impact. Unless one is heartless and think that a boy - no matter how stupid - deserves that death.The Red Wedding is not all about Robb. I'm also certainly no more emotionally invested in "first year politics student" Talisa than I am/was Jeyne Westerling. This is not a tragic love story. It's horny teenagers banging.Can't be bothered with the rest.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 08 June 2012 - 07:17 PM.
1800	s_Xi	2012-06-08	There's a difference here. Robb in the books made a mistake in his grief and then set out to fix said mistake regardless of personal cost. TV Robb didn't have a mistake to fix, he just deliberately broke his word because he could.Glossing over how much I hated the use of sex as antidote to grief Show!Robb was just having a different internal turmoil. He was in a extremely vulnerable situation too. As I said he was worried, he felt lost, alone, betrayed etc etc.. He is suffering in a different way but still suffering. So he made a mistake.He didn't decide to broke his word because he could. But because he needed it. He needs someone he could lean on and he saw this someone in Talisa.book!Robb was upset but not unconscious. He decided to slept with her because he needed comfort and also because he liked her.And there were other honorable ways to fix that situation. Like arrange a wedding with one of his men for her... but book!Robb decided to make her his Queen. Why? Because "she took his heart". Because he didn't want to marry a stranger instead of a girl he liked and who -we can assume- understand him. Just like show!Robb.They both needed comfort (for different but valid reasons) they both care about the girl enough to choose her honor over his own. They are equally stupid XD
1801	The Black Wolf	2012-06-08	...Ok, first, Romeo and Juliet was never meant to be a story about true love, but a tragedy about two rash and foolish teenagers that had a crush on eachother. Second, I think this is a very good comparison to Robb and Jeyne/Talisa's story. It's about a rash decision, one of the many follies of youth, and the dire consequences that spawn from it.
1802	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Glossing over how much I hated the use of sex as antidote to grief Show!Robb was just having a different internal turmoil. He was in a extremely vulnerable situation too. As I said he was worried, he felt lost, alone, betrayed etc etc.. He is suffering in a different way but still suffering. So he made a mistake.He didn't decide to broke his word because he could. But because he needed it. He needs someone he could lean on and he saw this someone in Talisa.book!Robb was upset but not unconscious. He decided to slept with her because he needed comfort and also because he liked her.And there were other honorable ways to fix that situation. Like arrange a wedding with one of his men for her... but book!Robb decided to make her his Queen. Why? Because "she took his heart". Because he didn't want to marry a stranger instead of a girl he liked and who -we can assume- understand him. Just like show!Robb.They both needed comfort (for different but valid reasons) they both care about the girl enough to choose her honor over his own. They are equally stupid XDHis reaction to the suffering on the show, as you see it, extended over a lengthy amount of time.  THAT is the fundamental difference.  His actions were premeditated, extended and fully concious.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 08 June 2012 - 08:09 PM.
1803	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Glossing over how much I hated the use of sex as antidote to grief Show!Robb was just having a different internal turmoil. He was in a extremely vulnerable situation too. As I said he was worried, he felt lost, alone, betrayed etc etc.. He is suffering in a different way but still suffering. So he made a mistake.He didn't decide to broke his word because he could. But because he needed it. He needs someone he could lean on and he saw this someone in Talisa.book!Robb was upset but not unconscious. He decided to slept with her because he needed comfort and also because he liked her.And there were other honorable ways to fix that situation. Like arrange a wedding with one of his men for her... but book!Robb decided to make her his Queen. Why? Because "she took his heart". Because he didn't want to marry a stranger instead of a girl he liked and who -we can assume- understand him. Just like show!Robb.They both needed comfort (for different but valid reasons) they both care about the girl enough to choose her honor over his own. They are equally stupid XDAs for the supposed suffering you mention, book Robb had those same conflicts and overcame them, because he was a heroic figure.  That was lost in the show because he did not overcome those conflicts.
1804	kephv	2012-06-08	They both needed comfort (for different but valid reasons) they both care about the girl enough to choose her honor over his own.They didn't make that apparent in the show though. In the show it seems it's all about Robb just following his whims because he's king and he can.
1805	s_Xi	2012-06-08	Riiiight so in the show, enough time has magically passed to make Robb capable of loving "Talisa", whereby in the books this has not occurred? What logic have you used to deduce this.I didn't know there is a certain amount of time required to fall in love. /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> We know they spent time together - their trip to the Craig for example- so it's not absurd to assume that he had the time.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Being a pedant I know, but the only women Robb needs beside him are his mother (most of the time), Dacey Mormont and, if we're being Stark (sorry), the Frey girl. Talisa is not needed (and yes I did purposefully misinterpret your argument, but only because it's faulty and Robb's needs and wishes have been discussed multiple time already).His needs aren't something we can gloss over. Because are an important aspect of his tragedy. They emphasized it.Because many of us like Robb and don't want his character fundamentally changed.I like Robb and I don't see where they changed him so drastically. He is older in the show so certain changes are necessary but fundamentally he is a boy who is trying to do his best but that in a moment of vulnerability makes a fatal mistake.The book version of events is more ridiculous than the show to you, really?yep. I already explained why. I loathe the "I'm sad. Let's sleep together" part. The Red Wedding is not all about Robb.Absolutely, but  we are talking about him so.... /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />I'm also certainly no more emotionally invested in "first year politics student" Talisa than I am/was Jeyne Westerling.Yeah. But there are people that are more invested. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  For you nothing will change. If you still care for Robb you will be sorry for him and his stupidity. If not you will concentrate on other aspects of the RW /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />This is not a tragic love story. It's horny teenagers bangingIt's your opinion and I respect it. But I see it just as a normal love story that will end in tragedy ( unless you find the RW funny /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) and I like it in its simplicity.
1806	Castel	2012-06-08	Ok, first, Romeo and Juliet was never meant to be a story about true love, but a tragedy about two rash and foolish teenagers that had a crush on eachother. Second, I think this is a very good comparison to Robb and Jeyne/Talisa's story. It's about a rash decision, one of the many follies of youth, and the dire consequences that spawn from it.God, sometimes I feel like I'm the only one with this interpretation.Glossing over how much I hated the use of sex as antidote to grief Show!Robb was just having a different internal turmoil. He was in a extremely vulnerable situation too. As I said he was worried, he felt lost, alone, betrayed etc etc.. He is suffering in a different way but still suffering. So he made a mistake.Sex may or may not be an antidote to grief, but it does help you defer it to a better time. Nothing says that Robb had his grief cured. He has a night of passion that made him forget it and had to deal with the consequences.He didn't decide to broke his word because he could. But because he needed it. He needs someone he could lean on and he saw this someone in Talisa.Nope, he needs to keep his word and the Freys. He doesn't need to marry Talisa, he could just have easily kept her around. And it's not like he knows that all Freys are terrible, sheer probability bears this out. He WANTED Talisa.And so he broke his word to get something. An utterly childish act.book!Robb was upset but not unconscious. He decided to slept with her because he needed comfort and also because he liked her.And there were other honorable ways to fix that situation. Like arrange a wedding with one of his men for her... but book!Robb decided to make her his Queen. Why? Because "she took his heart". Because he didn't want to marry a stranger instead of a girl he liked and who -we can assume- understand him. Just like show!Robb.They both needed comfort (for different but valid reasons) they both care about the girl enough to choose her honor over his own. They are equally stupid XDRobb fucked up, he probably saw it as his only option. And keep in mind here that after Robb fucked her she could have been pregnant with his child, which is not a safe thing for a bannerman to Lord Tywin. Even if she left the rest of her family was fucked. And not to mention that the Freys wouldn't want there to be an alternate claim to winterfell, nor would Robb want anyone else getting said claim. And on top of that there is the issue of personal responsibility. He swung his sword, and thus he had to live with it. He had put her in a position where her child would always be questioned,why force a man to potentially raise someone else's child?
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 08 June 2012 - 08:21 PM.
1807	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	His needs aren't something we can gloss over. Because are an important aspect of his tragedy.The difference in the setting of the tragedyBook MOMENTARY lapse of judgement when his mental and physical capacity was severely triedShow:Extended, selfish pursuit of romance.That is the difference between a hero and a selfish douchebag
1808	7V3N	2012-06-08	There's a difference here. Robb in the books made a mistake in his grief and then set out to fix said mistake regardless of personal cost. TV Robb didn't have a mistake to fix, he just deliberately broke his word because he could.I don't think I've seen it said as well as this.Also, it wasn't clear that Robb was hurt. In S01, there was no doubting how much pain he was in when Ned was killed. I know he is being strong as a king, but he has shown almost no emotion since (other than frustration).
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 08 June 2012 - 08:46 PM.
1809	Istakhr	2012-06-08	The difference in the setting of the tragedyBook MOMENTARY lapse of judgement when his mental and physical capacity was severely triedShow:Extended, selfish pursuit of romance.That is the difference between a hero and a selfish douchebagThis /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1810	s_Xi	2012-06-08	His reaction to the suffering on the show, as you see it, extended over a lengthy amount of time.  THAT is the fundamental difference.  His actions were premeditated, extended and fully concious.this actually make it worse. He bottled up so much anger, worry etc that at the end he lost it. Sleeping with Talisa wasn't premeditated. He wasn't consciously waiting the right time to seduce her. Actually the way he blurted out "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" to me show all those feeling exploding within him. He was intrigued and couldn't keep his distance - he definitely played with fire- but he was determined to keep his word. That's why he talked about his oath with her during their trip.
1811	Burt Clegane	2012-06-08	This is almost the worst set of opinions I've read so far on this forum. It's a completely irrelevant issue. Both Book Robb & Show Robb broke their vow for the same reason."I don't want to marry the Frey girl."Although you don't hear him say it in the books, it's clear that it's what he thinks. Both versions of Robb fall in love with Jeyne/Tulisa. It's clear, it doesn't need to be spelt out. Ned/Catelyn evidently had a fairly dour marriage, complete with suspected bastard in tow. Once he clapped eyes on Jeyne he just wanted to be with her. Call it selfish, arrogant, etc. But it's how it went down. He thought he could get away with breaking his vow. He was wrong. Btw, it's almost ludicrous to suggest that after hearing that your two younger brothers have been brutally murdered by someone whom you thought was a childhood friend, that you'd be up for sex and then care enough to subsequently marry the girl, unless you truly were in love with her.
1812	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Dont they teach Aristotle in schools anymore?
"The change to bad fortune which he {tragic hero} undergoes is not due to any moral defect or flaw, but a mistake of some kind."
Pursuit of Talisa was NOT a mistake that was a moral defect.
Sleeping with Jeyne was a mistake not a moral defect.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 08 June 2012 - 08:35 PM.
1813	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	this actually make it worse. He bottled up so much anger, worry etc that at the end he lost it. Sleeping with Talisa wasn't premeditated. He wasn't consciously waiting the right time to seduce her. Actually the way he blurted out "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" to me show all those feeling exploding within him. He was intrigued and couldn't keep his distance - he definitely played with fire- but he was determined to keep his word. Tat's why he talked about his oath with her during their trip.Why was he having extended discussions with this woman.  Epic failWhy was he relating to a woman when he is betrothed.  Tht is a moral failure making Robb NOT a hero.Listen to Robb's speeches to his  mother.  He clearly believed he had a right to break his vows.
1814	s_Xi	2012-06-08	Ok, first, Romeo and Juliet was never meant to be a story about true love, but a tragedy about two rash and foolish teenagers that had a crush on eachother. Second, I think this is a very good comparison to Robb and Jeyne/Talisa's story. It's about a rash decision, one of the many follies of youth, and the dire consequences that spawn from it.I just used it to point out that it all depends on how you look at it. If you ignore the nuances etc of the story than it's easy to label something cheesy or whatever. Anyway. I agree. XD
1815	Istakhr	2012-06-08	this actually make it worse. He bottled up so much anger, worry etc that at the end he lost it. Sleeping with Talisa wasn't premeditated. He wasn't consciously waiting the right time to seduce her. Actually the way he blurted out "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" to me show all those feeling exploding within him. He was intrigued and couldn't keep his distance - he definitely played with fire- but he was determined to keep his word. That's why he talked about his oath with her during their trip.This is basically the problem. Instead of him feeling he can't marry the Frey girl because he has to marry Jeyne for some idiotic concept of honor, he is saying he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl. Then to top it he tells his mother that he can break his promise because she did it first  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> . This is where he comes out as an entitled douche instead of an honorable idiot.
1816	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	This is almost the worst set of opinions I've read so far on this forum. It's a completely irrelevant issue. Both Book Robb & Show Robb broke their vow for the same reason."I don't want to marry the Frey girl."Although you don't hear him say it in the books, it's clear that it's what he thinks. Both versions of Robb fall in love with Jeyne/Tulisa. It's clear, it doesn't need to be spelt out. Ned/Catelyn evidently had a fairly dour marriage, complete with suspected bastard in tow. Once he clapped eyes on Jeyne he just wanted to be with her. Call it selfish, arrogant, etc. But it's how it went down. He thought he could get away with breaking his vow. He was wrong.Btw, it's almost ludicrous to suggest that after hearing that your two younger brothers have been brutally murdered by someone whom you thought was a childhood friend, that you'd be up for sex and then care enough to subsequently marry the girl, unless you truly were in love with her.He looked in her eyes proud and miserable all at once.  "It was the only honorable thing to do...."
1817	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	This is almost the worst set of opinions I've read so far on this forum. It's a completely irrelevant issue. Both Book Robb & Show Robb broke their vow for the same reason."I don't want to marry the Frey girl."Although you don't hear him say it in the books, it's clear that it's what he thinks. Both versions of Robb fall in love with Jeyne/Tulisa. It's clear, it doesn't need to be spelt out. Ned/Catelyn evidently had a fairly dour marriage, complete with suspected bastard in tow. Once he clapped eyes on Jeyne he just wanted to be with her. Call it selfish, arrogant, etc. But it's how it went down. He thought he could get away with breaking his vow. He was wrong.Btw, it's almost ludicrous to suggest that after hearing that your two younger brothers have been brutally murdered by someone whom you thought was a childhood friend, that you'd be up for sex and then care enough to subsequently marry the girl, unless you truly were in love with her.When he clapped eyes on Jeyne he was feverish from a festering wound.  Upon hearing of the deaths of his brother he was grief stricken and slept with her.
1818	Burt Clegane	2012-06-08	I always interpreted that as miserable to be breaking his vows and somehow letting people down. I don't remember him being pretty impressed with the Frey girl. 
It's really a non-issue that only would ruin the experience of the TV show to a real pedant, in my opinion. Obviously we are all entitled to our own and I admire most of your zealotry and passion, but sadly it's something I cannot share. I'm a fan of the books and a fan of the TV show, minor issues will not effect either.
1819	Burt Clegane	2012-06-08	"I'm so upset my brothers have been killed. I'm also sickly. I'd love some sex. Let's take this randoms maidenhood."
or 
"Wow, this girl is interesting, smart, funny and sexy. I'm in love. I'm furious at my mother and possibly want to rebel. Let's have sex."
Both are "selfish" acts, but which is the more human and actually realistic sequence of events?
1820	Dio Forel	2012-06-08	lol I like reading this post.  It feels like I am reading somebodys facebook page and theres a battle on it.  People talk like they live in Westeros and know the characters personally.  One thing I do know for a fact, however, is that it is definitely implied that Robb was basically a virgin with no actual experience with  a woman... Thatd be why the second Talisa got on top of him... he was done lol.  The whole arc honestly didnt do much for me and I am just assuming the reasoning for the change will be seen in the future.  Why dont we just wait to see how this all turns out?  I can appreciate criticism but some people are acting like somebody just shot somebody they love.  Just breathe... it will all be okay.  These things are all fixable next season.
1821	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Let's try the definition of hamartia (or tragic error if you will)
A wrong action committed in ignorance of its nature, effect, etc., which is the starting point of a causally connected train of events ending in disaster.
Book Robb was delirious by fever and grief, impacting his ablity to conceive of the nature of sleeping with Jeyne, as evident in immediately marrying Jeyne and the regret he feels subsequently.
Show Robb: please show how he could possibly be defined as ignorant of the effect of his actions?
1822	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	"I'm so upset my brothers have been killed. I'm also sickly. I'd love some sex. Let's take this randoms maidenhood."or"Wow, this girl is interesting, smart, funny and sexy. I'm in love. I'm furious at my mother and possibly want to rebel. Let's have sex."Both are "selfish" acts, but which is the more human and actually realistic sequence of events?Realistic?  This is a fantasy.  It is art in two forms.  I prefer to see pure art not a teen drama
1823	Istakhr	2012-06-08	"I'm so upset my brothers have been killed. I'm also sickly. I'd love some sex. Let's take this randoms maidenhood."or"Wow, this girl is interesting, smart, funny and sexy. I'm in love. I'm furious at my mother and possibly want to rebel. Let's have sex."Both are "selfish" acts, but which is the more human and actually realistic sequence of events?These are really not the problem what happens next is important:I fucked up and dishonored a noble born maiden and might have destroyed her life. Let's take this dishonor on myself, break my promise to Frey's and save this girl.I just had sex with the hot nurse. My mom has made me angry too. I'll show her. Let's marry this random girl and break my promises. Ha, I am a king and can do what I want.Which one is more sympathetic and honorable?
					
					
							Edited by Istakhr, 08 June 2012 - 08:50 PM.
1824	Castel	2012-06-08	I always interpreted that as miserable to be breaking his vows and somehow letting people down. I don't remember him being pretty impressed with the Frey girl.It's really a non-issue that only would ruin the experience of the TV show to a real pedant, in my opinion. Obviously we are all entitled to our own and I admire most of your zealotry and passion, but sadly it's something I cannot share. I'm a fan of the books and a fan of the TV show, minor issues will not effect either.I don't think it ruins the show, but to claim that TV Robb is honorable is ridiculous.
1825	Burt Clegane	2012-06-08	He's the King in the North. The Frey's bent the knee like everybody else. Robb thought he'd make it up to them or it would be tough. Clearly they had other plans....
1826	7V3N	2012-06-08	This is almost the worst set of opinions I've read so far on this forum. It's a completely irrelevant issue. Both Book Robb & Show Robb broke their vow for the same reason."I don't want to marry the Frey girl."Although you don't hear him say it in the books, it's clear that it's what he thinks. Both versions of Robb fall in love with Jeyne/Tulisa. It's clear, it doesn't need to be spelt out. Ned/Catelyn evidently had a fairly dour marriage, complete with suspected bastard in tow. Once he clapped eyes on Jeyne he just wanted to be with her. Call it selfish, arrogant, etc. But it's how it went down. He thought he could get away with breaking his vow. He was wrong.Btw, it's almost ludicrous to suggest that after hearing that your two younger brothers have been brutally murdered by someone whom you thought was a childhood friend, that you'd be up for sex and then care enough to subsequently marry the girl, unless you truly were in love with her.Starting off with an insult to all of the people you want to persuade is being a pretty big dick.But if Robb didn't take Jeyne's maidenhood you think he would have still married her? I find that silly. I do think he loved her, but Robb's sense of duty could overpower love IMO. It could not, however, overpower his sense of honor. Jeyne went from being a good match for a highborn husband, to being a scrap for some bastard or minor lord (except Robb took action and went against the norm BIGTIME).We are most prone to mistakes when we are emotionally vulnerable.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 08 June 2012 - 08:52 PM.
1827	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	He's the King in the North. The Frey's bent the knee like everybody else. Robb thought he'd make it up to them or it would be tough. Clearly they had other plans....well i suppose one perspective is that robb is no better than joffery
1828	Castel	2012-06-08	Btw, it's almost ludicrous to suggest that after hearing that your two younger brothers have been brutally murdered by someone whom you thought was a childhood friend, that you'd be up for sex and then care enough to subsequently marry the girl, unless you truly were in love with her.Speak for yourself please. It's less a matter of being up for sex as needing comfort and distraction and one thing leading to another. Not to mention that he was wounded and possibly feverish,Both are "selfish" acts, but which is the more human and actually realistic sequence of events?Both are actually, especially if you consider the effort Martin put into creating a society where honour was of paramount importance. Now you can argue that the show hasn't and couldn't have done this as well without internal exposition, but it's internally consistent with Martin's world.He's the King in the North. The Frey's bent the knee like everybody else. Robb thought he'd make it up to them or it would be tough. Clearly they had other plans....Then he's a vile person. Because the Freys make up about 4000/18,000 of his forces right now, risking losing them is ridiculous. He has a claim on the North and the Northmen are his vassals, not the Freys, they are his allies. Him risking the war effort when Talisa's first act was to show him how bad war could be for the loser was a case of him being a selfish child and completely missing the point and ignoring his duty.
1829	Hear me Meow	2012-06-08	"I'm so upset my brothers have been killed. I'm also sickly. I'd love some sex. Let's take this randoms maidenhood."or"Wow, this girl is interesting, smart, funny and sexy. I'm in love. I'm furious at my mother and possibly want to rebel. Let's have sex."Both are "selfish" acts, but which is the more human and actually realistic sequence of events?I think a character meant to be a quasi-realistic medieval king throwing his toys out of the pram because his mother upset him (he is even too stupid to find out the real circumstances behind the release of Jaime), mocking his close allies whose aid won him a crucial battle and then marrying someone with no local noble connections at all is totally risible. ShowRobb's comments about the Freys and his accusation to Cat that she made the agreement so he doesn't have to own it is ludicrous. I don't anyone in Robb's position who wasn't Joffrey would act like that. The first situation seems pretty ok to me.
1830	Burt Clegane	2012-06-08	I apologise if people took offence by that remark.
In answer to that point about Jeyne's maidenhood and prospects for Robb marrying her if he didn't "deflower" her, then my answer is, I don't know. I don't think any of us can since we never got a Robb PoW. I doubt we'll get a Jeyne POV (unless...she is pregnant) so it seems like the mystery of what truly happened died with Robb.
One possibility I thought, and subsequent reason for Tulisa having this medical background, could be that she might realise that she is being slipped the wrong potion and promptly ditches it. A long shot yes, but possible.
By fleshing out this character more and making her story with Robb more of your standard boy-meets-girl set-up, it gives us (the viewer) more emotional stock in caring about this woman once her husband is brutally murdered. Especially if they give us little hints that she might be pregnant. I have a feeling that this is one of the "secrets" that GRRM told the producers. It would explain to me at least, why they've made this minor change to Robb & Jeyne's arc.
					
					
							Edited by Burt Clegane, 08 June 2012 - 09:06 PM.
1831	s_Xi	2012-06-08	Why was he having extended discussions with this woman.  Epic failBecause he was intrigued by her. And then he discovered that he liked her company, the way she thinks and that she had a lot in common with him... because he loved how she could make him feel like Robb and not the King.Why was he relating to a woman when he is betrothed.  Tht is a moral failure making Robb NOT a hero.Talking with another woman isnt' a moral failure! o.O Sleeping with her - for grief or another reason-  is. You can be an hero and have human flaws you know? Listen to Robb's speeches to his  mother.  He clearly believed he had a right to break his vows.He was angry with Cat but still he wanted to discuss about this with her. WHY? If he really didn't care about other opinions? Look at the way he say "I love her" like this could explain everything. Like this could make her understand. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> But then she 'dismissed' his feelings, started talking about his father, his duty, ( trying to make him believe -after all they saw- that she and Ned weren't an exception...)  she was right, they both knew this,  the point is that he maybe only wanted her to understand if not accept it.He thinks that he has the right to find happiness? yes. Is he wrong? Sadly yes. We can blame him for it? .... I can't.
1832	Castel	2012-06-08	He was angry with Cat but still he wanted to discuss about this with her. WHY? If he really didn't care about other opinions? Look at the way he say "I love her" like this could explain everything. Like this could make her understand. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> But then she 'dismissed' his feelings, started talking about his father, his duty, ( trying to make him believe -after all they saw- that she and Ned weren't an exception...)  she was right, they both knew this,  the point is that he maybe only wanted her to understand if not accept it.He thinks that he has the right to find happiness? yes. Is he wrong? Sadly yes. We can blame him for it? .... I can't. Robb did what plenty of children do, he went seeking approval and when he couldn't find it he whined and pretended that he didn't need it.And I can totally blame him, when the lives of thousands -and his sisters- are at risk, when he has seen what happens to the losers, when he knows the price of failure and he doesn't do his level best to win the war he started then I can absolutely blame him.The modern audience have been indoctrinated to agree with the selfish lovers that fuck everyone and each other over for love, I am not.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 08 June 2012 - 09:08 PM.
1833	Istakhr	2012-06-08	I think this discussion comes down to if you root for Rob for just being a Stark, or for being a good person.
TV Robb is becoming a brave and good soldier but a hugely selfish person. He believes he can have anything he wants at the expense of his underlings. He is no more deserving of happiness than his subjects deserve to have a king that is not Joffrey-lite.
And his attitude toward his mother was abominable, considering in TV show his control of his bannermen was failing even before Cat released Jaime and Cat was somewhat justified in her actions.
1834	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Because he was intrigued by her. And then he discovered that he liked her company, the way she thinks and that she had a lot in common with him... because he loved how she could make him feel like Robb and not the King.Talking with another woman isnt' a moral failure! o.O Sleeping with her - for grief or another reason-  is.You can be an hero and have human flaws you know?He was angry with Cat but still he wanted to discuss about this with her. WHY? If he really didn't care about other opinions? Look at the way he say "I love her" like this could explain everything. Like this could make her understand. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> But then she 'dismissed' his feelings, started talking about his father, his duty, ( trying to make him believe -after all they saw- that she and Ned weren't an exception...)  she was right, they both knew this,  the point is that he maybe only wanted her to understand if not accept it.He thinks that he has the right to find happiness? yes. Is he wrong? Sadly yes. We can blame him for it? .... I can't.intrigued, liked her company, lot in common-yes we are all aware that he was pursuing Talisa.  that act is a betrayal to  his vows an premeditated act that leads to his marrying her.  Therefore it is NO LONGER a tragic flaw. Correct, I never said talkin with Talisa was a tragic flaw, it was NOT.  It was a premeditated act that Robb was aware of and aware of the consequences.  Therfore Robb is no longer a hero, he is selfish.  He acts selfishly.  His pursuit of love puts in danger his family, his army, his kingdom.  His SELFISHNESS destroys all those he cares about.  Tht is an act of evil.Yes a hero can have flaws. to be a tragic hero he must have a tragic flaw or more accurately make a tragic mistake.  I defined earlier what that means.  his actions to Talisa do not meet that definition and his conversaions to Cat scream out th premeditated nature of his acts.Hahahaha he wanted to MAKE her understand.  MORE selfishness.
1835	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Actually i firmly believe that TV Robb is now a villian.
He acts selfishly and how many people pay the price, his mother, his direwolf, thousands of soldiers, most of the north. 
Pure unadulterated evil.
His selfishness in that he wanted to Love Talisa, he knew and understood the ramification of his actions and he acted anyway.
Screw him, I hope Roose draws out his death.
1836	Castel	2012-06-08	This is why I love the series. Can you imagine another fantasy series where the romantic gallant hero could possibly be called a villain for following his heart?
Martin, accept no substitutes.
1837	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	This is why I love the series. Can you imagine another fantasy series where the romantic gallant hero could possibly be called a villain for following his heart?Martin, accept no substitutes.Martin didnt make Robb a villian D&D did.Dont you agree that Robb' actions were selfish and premeditated?Knowing what will happen, couldnt one define that as evil?
1838	Burt Clegane	2012-06-08	Next up, I'll be working on a 5,000 word essay on why Bilbo Baggins was the true villain in LOTR. A thief, a murderer and a liar.
1839	Istakhr	2012-06-08	Well, he is not the gallant hero anymore, is he?
If he was a Lannister everyone would have called him selfish and entitled. 
In fact his TV portrayal is a a brave Jofferey without sadism. That might be the reason they made Joffery more evil so that Robb can fare better compared to him? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1840	Burt Clegane	2012-06-08	How does Robb 'know' what will happen?
All he knows is Walder Frey is 'not a man to be crossed'? I doubt he thinks his men will seriously abandon him over this minor issue the majority of the soldiers couldn't give a toss about and at this point, he probably thinks he can fix things with the Frey's at a later date. Reckless yes, selfish perhaps, evil....?
1841	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Well, then please refute what I have presented.
Robb knew the ramifications of breaking his vows to the Freys-the very likely possibility of losing 25% of his army and irreconcilable conflict amoung his lords.  Those two factors put in jeopardy the security of his army, his people, his family.
Robb premeditated pursuing Talisa.
How is that NOT selfish?  He said it himself in no uncertain terms
and if it is selfish, knowing the ramifications, how is it not evil?
1842	Castel	2012-06-08	How does Robb 'know' what will happen?All he knows is Walder Frey is 'not a man to be crossed'? I doubt he thinks his men will seriously abandon him over this minor issue the majority of the soldiers couldn't give a toss about and at this point, he probably thinks he can fix things with the Frey's at a later date. Reckless yes, selfish perhaps, evil....?He does not know about the RW. But without the scene where the riverlands swear fealty to him Walder Frey is an ally, not a vassal and therefore within his rights to keep his men from Robb's war effort and I've pointed out how significant they were and to spite him. Robb has to pass the Twins to get to Winterfell and save his brothers, and now he has to watch his back. On top of that he has yet to make an alliance with the riverlords so him being an untrustworthy dick may just hinder his efforts.Not to mention that if Cat is right and Walder Frey is a treacherous leech then he can just be a traitor and relay army movements or try to find other ways of fucking with Robb.
1843	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	How does Robb 'know' what will happen?All he knows is Walder Frey is 'not a man to be crossed'? I doubt he thinks his men will seriously abandon him over this minor issue the majority of the soldiers couldn't give a toss about and at this point, he probably thinks he can fix things with the Frey's at a later date. Reckless yes, selfish perhaps, evil....?dont cop out and claim Robb's ignorance.  This is war!  He is perfectly aware that Lord Walder Frey is PARTICULARY sensitive of his honor. He had to be aware of the danger to his army.  If he wasnt he isnt fit to wear a crown. What would you call selfish acts that leads to the deaths of 1,000's?
1844	Istakhr	2012-06-08	The showrunners had already said they want to show Robb breaking honor and vows, because his honorable dad died and his mom made him angry. Only they expect us to see the reason as pure, true love when it is at heart only petty selfishness.
1845	Castel	2012-06-08	The showrunners had already said they want to show Robb breaking honor and vows, because his honorable dad died and his mom made him angry. Only they expect us to see the reason as pure, true love when it is at heart only petty selfishness.Well most people will buy it. I've found that claiming love in entertainment is the best way to excuse anything, the only thing that comes close is a kidnapped child, then you can pretty much punch out God without losing audience goodwill.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 08 June 2012 - 09:55 PM.
1846	s_Xi	2012-06-08	Sex may or may not be an antidote to grief, but it does help you defer it to a better time. Nothing says that Robb had his grief cured. He has a night of passion that made him forget it and had to deal with the consequences.Just try to picture the scene.He read the message.He is destroyed.Jeyne is there and  try to comfort him. She is a virgin and from what we saw also shy. So I doubt that she could have been bold and started something.The same goes for Robb. He was a virgin and he was upset for the death of his brothers how could he think.. "oh! She is pretty and she is hugging me... oh my hormones ...maybe if I kiss her...."No. Just no. I hate it. Sorry.Nope, he needs to keep his word and the Freys. He doesn't need to marry Talisa, he could just have easily kept her around. And it's not like he knows that all Freys are terrible, sheer probability bears this out. He WANTED Talisa.And so he broke his word to get something.He wasn't thinking as the king but as Robb. And Robb needs Talisa not the Freys. A mistake yes, but again we have to look at the situation.He would never treat her as a whore! Make her his mistress and risk to father a bastard! Because he loves her and because, as I said ,the concept of honor doesn't necessarly apply only to the highborn Westeros girl.An utterly childish act.It's an human act. An human mistake.Robb fucked up, he probably saw it as his only option. And keep in mind here that after Robb fucked her she could have been pregnant with his child, which is not a safe thing for a bannerman to Lord Tywin. Even if she left the rest of her family was fucked. And not to mention that the Freys wouldn't want there to be an alternate claim to winterfell, nor would Robb want anyone else getting said claim. And on top of that there is the issue of personal responsibility. He swung his sword, and thus he had to live with it. He had put her in a position where her child would always be questioned,why force a man to potentially raise someone else's child?You know, Talisa could be pregnant too. Why she is less important? She is -as far as we and he knows- a lady. Their son could be a treat too.Show!Robb loves her as book!Robb liked Jeyne and for him there is just one option: protect her and her honor regardless of her rank.
1847	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	"It's an human act. An human mistake."
Adults, heroes and kings are expected to put aside their selfishness for the greater good.
1848	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	How does Robb 'know' what will happen?All he knows is Walder Frey is 'not a man to be crossed'? I doubt he thinks his men will seriously abandon him over this minor issue the majority of the soldiers couldn't give a toss about and at this point, he probably thinks he can fix things with the Frey's at a later date. Reckless yes, selfish perhaps, evil....?A young man recklessly texted while driving and killed a man.  tragic yes, but evidence of the danger of reckless behaviour.Magnify that by several thousand you are becoming  menace.
1849	Castel	2012-06-08	Just try to picture the scene.He read the message.He is destroyed.Jeyne is there and  try to comfort him. She is a virgin and from what we saw also shy. So I doubt that she could have been bold and started something.The same goes for Robb. He was a virgin and he was upset for the death of his brothers how could he think.. "oh! She is pretty and she is hugging me... oh my hormones ...maybe if I kiss her...."No. Just no. I hate it. Sorry.A matter of taste I guess.He wasn't thinking as the king but as Robb. And Robb needs Talisa not the Freys. A mistake yes, but again we have to look at the situation.He would never treat her as a whore! Make her his mistress and risk to father a bastard! Because he loves her and because, as I said ,the concept of honor doesn't necessarly apply only to the highborn Westeros girl. Well, then he should have kept it in his pants. HE doesn't get to be selfish like that.It's an human act. An human mistake.This mentality is very, very dangerous. It can be used to justify anything, just because Robb wasn't acting on a sociopathic impulse doesn't make him any less despicable. That's the problem I've found, people assume that if they can empathise with something and get behind it isn't wrong.  I see this a lot. Coincidentally, I think it's also why people get mad when you try to explain morally uncomfortable things to them, because they assume that empathy/understanding =/= tacit acceptance, but that's neither here nor there.IT's not noble or any less damaging to do wrong for "human reasons". The men would be just as dead.You know, Talisa could be pregnant too. Why she is less important? She is -as far as we and he knows- a lady. Their son could be a treat too.Show!Robb loves her as book!Robb liked Jeyne and for him there is just one option: protect her and her honor regardless of her rank. Talisa being pregnant is not as big a deal because she isn't in a house sworn to Tywin Lannister. You know, the guy that wipes out entire houses? She wasn't from a house too weak to stand up to him. And in this case, Robb didn't have temporary insanity, he acted in a pre-meditated manner. That's where the main distinction comes in. Book!Robb was doing damage mitigation -albeit it terrible damage mitigation, depending on who exactly we're talking about- TV!Robb was doing pure selfishness,
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 08 June 2012 - 09:42 PM.
1850	Istakhr	2012-06-08	Well most people will buy it. I've found that claiming love in entertainment is the best way to excuse anything, the only thing that comes close is a kidnapped child, they you can pretty much punch out God without losing audience goodwill.Unfortunately you are right. But I think where they fail is that many TV viewers do not like Talisa and if they don't kill her in RW, she is probably going to get a large part of emotional blame as opposed to Grandfather Tywin who actually deserves it. Well, It was their choice and I am mostly angry because I am now rooting for show Bolton and show Tywin instead of show Robb. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1851	s_Xi	2012-06-08	intrigued, liked her company, lot in common-yes we are all aware that he was pursuing Talisa.  that act is a betrayal to  his vows an premeditated act that leads to his marrying her.  Therefore it is NO LONGER a tragic flaw.News flash: Robb isn't a robot. He couldn't keep his distance. What an horrible person! It happens when you're really attracted by someone you know /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> anyway  this doesn't mean that he WANTED to break his vows. Just that he played with fire. Human flaw.Correct, I never said talkin with Talisa was a tragic flaw, it was NOT.  It was a premeditated act that Robb was aware of and aware of the consequences.  Therfore Robb is no longer a hero, he is selfish.  He acts selfishly.  His pursuit of love puts in danger his family, his army, his kingdom.  His SELFISHNESS destroys all those he cares about.  Tht is an act of evil.what? So according to you he was just waiting for the right time to jump on her. Have we seen the same show? He even talked about his marriage to the Frey girl as a fact. As something that he didn't like but he had to do. Then everything starting falling apart around him.Yes a hero can have flaws. to be a tragic hero he must have a tragic flaw or more accurately make a tragic mistake.  I defined earlier what that means.  his actions to Talisa do not meet that definition and his conversaions to Cat scream out th premeditated nature of his acts.Again. I disagree. He didn't decide to meet Talisa and feels so drawn to her to be unable to keep his distance. You talk like love is something one can easily control. It isn't.Hahahaha he wanted to MAKE her understand.  MORE selfishness.Wanting his mother to understand his feeling makes him selfish? Maybe I used the wrong word? English isn't my language so.. maybe it's better if I say that he HOPED that his mother would understand ? Better?
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 08 June 2012 - 10:04 PM.
1852	Dio Forel	2012-06-08	"It's an human act. An human mistake."Adults, heroes and kings are expected to put aside their selfishness for the greater good.Eh.... clearly you haven't been following this series... Every single King has been selfish in this series.  Every single one is stomping around trying to get their way to prove they are the true King... hence the war?  Your definition of evil is,  well,  kinda silly.  Its called naivete.  He doesnt truly understand the drastic ramifications of his actions... He was thrust into this position of power driven by vengeance... He acts based on his instincts and based on the moment.  Basically like a stubborn kid. He isnt evil in the slightest.  The reason the Red Wedding was so shocking was because the ramifications in no way couldve been known to be so severe.  Robb basically thought it was gonna be where he can smooth it over somehow or that theyd just be pissed off,  not that there would be some hidden plot that would lead to a mass execution during a wedding.  You cant be evil and be a minute man at the same time lol you saw that sex scene.  That is blatant ignorance and inexperience.  Not evil.  And yes I know that he didnt hear about his brothers being missing, but how does that mean he couldnt be grieving?  His father is dead, his sisters held captive, his brothers are stuck in Winterfell, the guy has a hell of a lot to be grieving about still.  And btw evil wouldve been raping Talisa and laughing about it.  He has a heart,  but unfortunately he is just way too naive to be a king.  Which is exactly why his reign was so short...
1853	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	News flash: Robb isn't a robot. He couldn't keep his distance. What an horrible person! It happens when you're really attracted by someone you know /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> anyway  this doesn't mean that he WANTED to break his vows. Just that he played with fire. Human flaw.what? So according to you he was just waiting for the right time to jump on her. Have we seen the same show? He even talked about his marriage to the Frey girl as a fact. As something that he didn't like but he had to do. Then everything starting falling apart around him.Again. I disagree. He didn't decide to meet Talisa and feels so drawn to her to be unable to keep his distance. You talk like love is something one can easily control. It isn't.Wanting his mother to understand his feeling makes him selfish? Maybe I used the wrong word? English isn't my language so.. maybe it's better if I say that he HOPED that his mother would understand ? Better?No Robb is not a Robot, but book Robb was a heroic figure, show robb is a rom com.  Heroes put aside there desires for the greater good.  Robb actively pursued his.I didnt say he waited for a chance to jump her.  I said he pursued her.  He was attracted to her, he chose to spend time with her, he fell in love with her.  Given his peculiar circumstances that was selfish. Well, respectfully you are mistaken.  Everytime he spoke with her he made a choice.  Everytime he chose to spend time with her he chose.  Rewatch episode 8 where he lays out to his mother his justifications for it=noone else acts honorably so why should he.  Again, heroes overcome their desires for the greater good.  VIllians act in self interest over the greater good.  Actually that is a classic definition of a villian.Justifying ones errors IS selfishness, it is an attempt to manipulate others to your warped perception.Book Robb is text book aristotlan tragic heroTV Robb is absolutely not.  Many seem to excuse his behavior because it is love.  Since love is an intensely personal feeling, that makes it completely selfish.  and again, HE PURSUED IT, regardless of the motivations it is still a concious act he chose to make. If one chooses to make an error than it is no longer a tragic hero story.  That is why the conditons of Show Robbs act with Jeyne is so important.  The condition he was in argues that he did not know he ramifications of his actions.  NOONE can make that argument for TV Robb.Now if you want to argue that Robb couldnt control his feelings of love for Talisa, that makes him the subject of a misadventure and not a tragedy.,
1854	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Eh.... clearly you haven't been following this series... Every single King has been selfish in this series.  Every single one is stomping around trying to get their way to prove they are the true King... hence the war?  Your definition of evil is,  well,  kinda silly.  Its called naivete.  He doesnt truly understand the drastic ramifications of his actions... He was thrust into this position of power driven by vengeance... He acts based on his instincts and based on the moment.  Basically like a stubborn kid. He isnt evil in the slightest.  The reason the Red Wedding was so shocking was because the ramifications in no way couldve been known to be so severe.  Robb basically thought it was gonna be where he can smooth it over somehow or that theyd just be pissed off,  not that there would be some hidden plot that would lead to a mass execution during a wedding.  You cant be evil and be a minute man at the same time lol you saw that sex scene.  That is blatant ignorance and inexperience.  Not evil.  And yes I know that he didnt hear about his brothers being missing, but how does that mean he couldnt be grieving?  His father is dead, his sisters held captive, his brothers are stuck in Winterfell, the guy has a hell of a lot to be grieving about still.  And btw evil wouldve been raping Talisa and laughing about it.  He has a heart,  but unfortunately he is just way too naive to be a king.  Which is exactly why his reign was so short...Clearly you havent been following the thread, my comments about adults, heroes and kings was in general for literature not specifically to the kings in ASOIAF, most meet the definition of villian more than hero.  Robb is clearly (in thebooks) a heroic figure.Naivete?  Than he should not be a king in the command of an army.  All his actions up until sleepin with Jeyne were perfect.You seem to get confused between TV Robb and Book Robb here.    TV Robb and Book Robb are completely different characters.  Book Robb is a classic tragic hero undone by a single tragic mistake.  TV Robb simply is not.  However you want to justify or defend his actions.  They are selfish and they lead to the deaths of 1000s. Now given that Robb knew or should have known the likely actions of marrying Talisa and was advised against it I would term that evil in terms of art and literature. You expect evil to have a face like some cartoon villian?  In art or literature evil can take very mundane faces and evil can be done by people thinking they are good. Your argument is only left as hollow justifications for his actions.Robb pursued TalisaRobb had every reason to know the likely ramifications of his actions.Robb stated explicitely that since noone else was acting honorably he didnt have to either.His actions lead to the deaths of 1000s.  How can you argue other than he committed an evil act? IT was premeditated and for selfsh reasons.Cause he was a naive kid?  So what I say.  I hold his character to higher standards.  He is a king in a war.  every act he makes is dangerous.  He knows that or shouldnt be leading an army.  Therefore, he MUST be held accountable for his actions and his actions speak for themselves.
1855	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Not all villians are cartoon villians, not all villians commit only evil acts.
A villian can be someone who does all good and does one act of evil that ends up outweighing all the good that they have done.
The villian need not intend for the negative consequences of their act.  All they need to do is ignore the negative ramifications of their own actions. 
In TV Robbs case he should have known the likely outcome of his act (strife, loss of the Freys, disintegration of his army, defeat, death for his family) and he willingly disregarded those likely outcomes for selfish reasons.
Any defense of TV Robb smacks of justification.
1856	Istakhr	2012-06-08	Clearly you havent been following the thread, my comments about adults, heroes and kings was in general for literature not specifically to the kings in ASOIAF, most meet the definition of villian more than hero.  Robb is clearly (in thebooks) a heroic figure.Naivete?  Than he should not be a king in the command of an army.  All his actions up until sleepin with Jeyne were perfect.You seem to get confused between TV Robb and Book Robb here.	TV Robb and Book Robb are completely different characters.  Book Robb is a classic tragic hero undone by a single tragic mistake.  TV Robb simply is not.  However you want to justify or defend his actions.  They are selfish and they lead to the deaths of 1000s. Now given that Robb knew or should have known the likely actions of marrying Talisa and was advised against it I would term that evil in terms of art and literature.You expect evil to have a face like some cartoon villian?  In art or literature evil can take very mundane faces and evil can be done by people thinking they are good.Your argument is only left as hollow justifications for his actions.Robb pursued TalisaRobb had every reason to know the likely ramifications of his actions.Robb stated explicitely that since noone else was acting honorably he didnt have to either.His actions lead to the deaths of 1000s.  How can you argue other than he committed an evil act? IT was premeditated and for selfsh reasons.Cause he was a naive kid?  So what I say.  I hold his character to higher standards.  He is a king in a war.  every act he makes is dangerous.  He knows that or shouldnt be leading an army.  Therefore, he MUST be held accountable for his actions and his actions speak for themselves.Errr, to be clear book Robb was not really undone by a single mistake, he was undone anyway. I always saw him as a noble hero making some mistakes who was tragically undone by the environment, his fate was somewhat preordained and not up to him.TV Robb is a douche, and does not deserve much sympathy.
1857	Castel	2012-06-08	Eh.... clearly you haven't been following this series... Every single King has been selfish in this series.  Every single one is stomping around trying to get their way to prove they are the true King... hence the war?  Your definition of evil is,  well,  kinda silly.  Its called naivete.  He doesnt truly understand the drastic ramifications of his actions... He was thrust into this position of power driven by vengeance... He acts based on his instincts and based on the moment.  Basically like a stubborn kid. He isnt evil in the slightest.  The reason the Red Wedding was so shocking was because the ramifications in no way couldve been known to be so severe.  Robb basically thought it was gonna be where he can smooth it over somehow or that theyd just be pissed off,  not that there would be some hidden plot that would lead to a mass execution during a wedding.  You cant be evil and be a minute man at the same time lol you saw that sex scene.  That is blatant ignorance and inexperience.  Not evil.  And yes I know that he didnt hear about his brothers being missing, but how does that mean he couldnt be grieving?  His father is dead, his sisters held captive, his brothers are stuck in Winterfell, the guy has a hell of a lot to be grieving about still.  And btw evil wouldve been raping Talisa and laughing about it.  He has a heart,  but unfortunately he is just way too naive to be a king.  Which is exactly why his reign was so short...I was with you for a moment, then I wasn't. I think that you show a bit of naivete yourself. I think we have different definitions of evil. Evil to me is creating a situation where people who should not  suffer do suffer on a large scale that serves no purpose and has no justification. So Jaime could be said to be evil for creating a situation where he would be forced to throw Bran out a window. Yet I found that most people that find him evil do so not only because of the act but how his is unrepentant. That plays no part as far as I'm concerned.The interesting thing though, is that Book!Robb is evil as well when I look at it. He created a situation where thousands of people could potentially suffer to save the honor of one girl and protect her family. Even putting aside his grief-based fling, he did marry her the next day and create a terrible situation.Now TV!Robb is much more selfish and childish despite his age, and he creates the terrible circumstances while fully lucid and doesn't have the same pressure to marry. That said, his actions lead to the same conclusion as far as we can tell.It hit me that I'm doing the exact same thing that others are doing, excusing (or at least downplaying) one Robb based on one set of expectations (him being honorable) while disparaging another set of expectations (people in love should always follow their crotches regardless of common sense), but at the end of the day they will probably have the same avoidable kill count and they both had the exact same information really. And it occurs to me that I'm being a bit unfair here. The palatability of either action will depend on the person, the terrible consequences and the blame don't.They're both terrible. And while TV Robb doesn't fit the mold of tragic hero (he really doesn't imo) he and Book!Robb are selfish in their own, unique ways. Book!Robb refuses to put aside his honor and the honor of one particular person in the face of the honor of the Freys and the greater Crown, and TV!Robb refuses to put aside his penis. While one may seem nobler, in the end , they're both arseholes. One is slightly less of an arsehole maybe, but he's still an evil arsehole.God now I'm really torn. And dizzy.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 08 June 2012 - 10:47 PM.
1858	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Errr, to be clear book Robb was not really undone by a single mistake, he was undone anyway. I always saw him as a noble hero making some mistakes who was tragically undone by the environment, his fate was somewhat preordained and not up to him.TV Robb is a douche, and does not deserve much sympathy.I disagree (obviously), until he sleeps with Jeyne he acts near perfectly after he sleeps with Jeyne everything goes downhill-Edmure defeatsTywin at the fords preventing Robbs plans in the west, Karstark kills the lannisters,  he kills karstark, leading to the RW.   I believe it pretty clear that GRRM wrote him that way. Preordained only in the way that the downfalls of all tragic heroes are preordained.
1859	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Been a fun debate, thanks for all the input, hopefully I havent angered anyone.  But bed calls.
1860	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Castel: per Aristotles definition of a tragic hero the hero must be a morally blameless man.
Book Robb is blameless for sleeping with Jeyne because of his state of mind and body, he can be excused because he was not in his right mind (grief) nor in his right body (festering wound).
Book Robb is blameless for marrying Jeyne because it was an honorable thing to do.
1861	Dio Forel	2012-06-08	Clearly you havent been following the thread, my comments about adults, heroes and kings was in general for literature not specifically to the kings in ASOIAF, most meet the definition of villian more than hero.  Robb is clearly (in thebooks) a heroic figure.Naivete?  Than he should not be a king in the command of an army.  All his actions up until sleepin with Jeyne were perfect.You seem to get confused between TV Robb and Book Robb here.	TV Robb and Book Robb are completely different characters.  Book Robb is a classic tragic hero undone by a single tragic mistake.  TV Robb simply is not.  However you want to justify or defend his actions.  They are selfish and they lead to the deaths of 1000s. Now given that Robb knew or should have known the likely actions of marrying Talisa and was advised against it I would term that evil in terms of art and literature.You expect evil to have a face like some cartoon villian?  In art or literature evil can take very mundane faces and evil can be done by people thinking they are good.Your argument is only left as hollow justifications for his actions.Robb pursued TalisaRobb had every reason to know the likely ramifications of his actions.Robb stated explicitely that since noone else was acting honorably he didnt have to either.His actions lead to the deaths of 1000s.  How can you argue other than he committed an evil act? IT was premeditated and for selfsh reasons.Cause he was a naive kid?  So what I say.  I hold his character to higher standards.  He is a king in a war.  every act he makes is dangerous.  He knows that or shouldnt be leading an army.  Therefore, he MUST be held accountable for his actions and his actions speak for themselves.Ummm okay so you were using a general fact of literature to justify your logic of honor and how a King should act,  then when I say Kings dont act like that in the book you say Oh no I wasnt talking about the book I meant in general.  Wasnt that your whole point?He was declared king because he was the heir, he was next in line.  They followed his father and took a stand in the war.  And how is saying his actions were all perfect until his mistake any type of justification for any point you attempt to make?  The point is he made a mistake due to naivete.  Naivete doesnt imply every single action is flawed... it implies you are in a position of power when in all honesty he was far from ready to be a leader.  Thats the point.  I agree what he did was stupid.. we know that.  He does not.  Book Robb and TV Robb both made the same exact mistake... betraying his betrothal to a Frey.  You act like he isnt acting heroic,  would you have the courage to step up after your father is murdered and lead an army to avenge him?  The simple fact that he went from his happy peaceful life to a life of war is heroic.  He was flawed in the books and he is flawed on the show.  The reason he is so young in the books is to further drive the fact that he was young and inexperienced.  Yes he was aged up for the show.. but clearly the inexperience and naivete is still overwhelmingly evident.
					
					
							Edited by Dio Forel, 08 June 2012 - 10:53 PM.
1862	David Selig	2012-06-09	Actually i firmly believe that TV Robb is now a villian.He acts selfishly and how many people pay the price, his mother, his direwolf, thousands of soldiers, most of the north.Pure unadulterated evil.His selfishness in that he wanted to Love Talisa, he knew and understood the ramification of his actions and he acted anyway.Screw him, I hope Roose draws out his death. It was the pretty much same in the books, wasn't it? I never bought the honor excuse. Clearly the more honorable thing to do was to keep the word he already gave to the Freys and thus act to responsibly towards his subjects. But no, he wanted the hot girl. I mean I don't think this makes him a villain, but it was really selfish, immature and irresponsible.Naivete?  Than he should not be a king in the command of an army.  All his actions up until sleepin with Jeyne were perfect. Is this sarcasm? We are talking about the guy who thought it was a good idea to send Theon, his most valued hostage, home, without getting guarantees from his father that he'd give him anything in return. Who allowed to be declared King of the North even though a blind man could see this was a dumb move politically and really detrimental towards achieving a deal with the Baratheons. He also gave vague orders to Edmure which left to screwing up his plan for dealing with Tywin. Etc, etc.
1863	7V3N	2012-06-09	Has anyone said it yet? Robb was a fool. He crossed Walder Frey (who controlled a large part of his army and the Twins were key to his North-South transportation) and assumed Edmure's wedding and an apology would be enough. A king as a grandson, or yet again being pissed on by someone who thinks you're shit and getting a grandson as your liege lord (well Walder would be dead, but you get the picture).
Regardless of reasons, it was a stupid thing to do. Jeyne or Talisa, I still think Robb was an idiot to risk losing the Freys. But with Jeyne, I can respect Robb. With Talisa, I want to castrate him.
1864	SerMixalot	2012-06-09	Book Robbs mistake was not betraying his vow to the Freys, it was sleeping with Jeyne leading him to an irreconcilable conflict of honor.
His inexperience and naivete and youthfulness are his characteristics as a hero, no doubt.
I have never said Book Robb is not heroic. In fact I would argue he IS heroic. In fact classically heroic. in further fact classic aristotlian tragic heroic.
I am saying TV Robb is a mess of representations. It is typical of the medium that a character like him needs to be motivated by romantic love. It is cliched and hackneyed. It removes the complexity of his motivations, honor, duty and morality and replaces it with the generic romantic love, which is expected to be justification for all acts. However, i would contend that viewers should ask for more from a series based on such wonderful literature. BUt D&D failed us they leave us with a weak, generic hero, with cliched romance, childish motivations, bratty attitude and selfish execution.
I would prefer a hero who values honor and duty above all else (a Ned for example) to the destruction of all he held dear.
Again, I hope I am not making Robb out to be a simple cartoon villian, that is not my point. My point is that he willing did something selfish (which I would assume we can all agree is a negative motivation) and knew or should have known the likely ramifications and ignored those ramifications to the detriment of many. That makes that act evil in my book.
1865	David Selig	2012-06-09	Book Robbs mistake was not betraying his vow to the Freys, it was sleeping with Jeyne leading him to an irreconcilable conflict of honor.But here is the thing - it wasn't irreconcilable at all. It was crystal clear that the more honorable thing to do was to keep his prior word and marry a Frey girl. For whatever reason Robb chose not to do and that was his own choice and fault. it wasn't honor which forced him into it. I've yet to see anyone pose a convincing argument how marrying Jeyne was the more honorable or even the equally honorable action than keeping his prior word and taking into consideration his responsibility as a King.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 09 June 2012 - 09:41 AM.
1866	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	Actually i firmly believe that TV Robb is now a villian.He acts selfishly and how many people pay the price, his mother, his direwolf, thousands of soldiers, most of the north.Pure unadulterated evil.His selfishness in that he wanted to Love Talisa, he knew and understood the ramification of his actions and he acted anyway.Screw him, I hope Roose draws out his death.Wow!!! Hardcore . . ..
1867	SerMixalot	2012-06-09	But here is the thing - it wasn't irreconcilable at all. It was crystal clear that the more honorable thing to do was to keep his prior word and marry a Frey girl. For whatever reason Robb chose not to do and that was his own choice and fault. it wasn't honor which forced him into it. I've yet to see anyone pose a convincing argument how marrying Jeyne was the more honorable or even the equally honorable action than keeping his prior word and taking into consideration his responsibility as a King.The stark's honor, as presented by GRRM is not relative.  There are black and white decisions to be made in every choice.
1868	SerMixalot	2012-06-09	Wow!!! Hardcore . . ..perhaps i was a bit strong in my rhethoric robb is not necessarily a villian, but I think it is arguable that his act is evil. He premeditatively pursues a sefish end reckless endangering thousands.  That is certainly not a good act
1869	David Selig	2012-06-09	The stark's honor, as presented by GRRM is not relative.  There are black and white decisions to be made in every choice. I am not sure what you mean by this. Care to elaborate?
1870	Castel	2012-06-09	But here is the thing - it wasn't irreconcilable at all. It was crystal clear that the more honorable thing to do was to keep his prior word and marry a Frey girl. For whatever reason Robb chose not to do and that was his own choice and fault. it wasn't honor which forced him into it. I've yet to see anyone pose a convincing argument how marrying Jeyne was the more honorable or even the equally honorable action than keeping his prior word and taking into consideration his responsibility as a King.This is true if you're operating on a utilitarian,"minimize harm" idea of honor I guess. Perhaps Robb took the hit to himself and his kingship because he was at fault here and it was his responsibility to fix it regardless of personal cost?It's still selfish, but that may have been his rationalization.
1871	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-09	I didn't know there is a certain amount of time required to fall in love. /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> We know they spent time together - their trip to the Craig for example- so it's not absurd to assume that he had the time.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />You're the one claiming that a certain amount of time/ degree of interaction is necessary in order to fall in love. An arbitrary system which Jeyne seems to have failed to match but Talisa has managed to beaten.His needs aren't something we can gloss over. Because are an important aspect of his tragedy. They emphasized it.His needs are severely hampered by his position, a position I've explained various times over. Go back and read them if you wish.I like Robb and I don't see where they changed him so drastically. He is older in the show so certain changes are necessary but fundamentally he is a boy who is trying to do his best but that in a moment of vulnerability makes a fatal mistake.It isn't a moment of vulnerability though. He fucks Talisa, then dwells on the decision, even consults with someone about it, then decides to marry her anyway (i can't remember if her honor was referred to at all, but if not, shows he didn't even give much of a toss about that) because he's the King and he can do what he wants. Season 2 Robb is a drastically different character than book Robb and Season 1 Robb.yep. I already explained why. I loathe the "I'm sad. Let's sleep together" part.I'd love to hear why this is so ridiculous. The guy heard that his best friend had betrayed him and his brothers had been killed. I'd love to know any one of us who hasn't done the odd rash and/or stupid thing when upset.Absolutely, but  we are talking about him so.... /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />I don't want the impact of the Red Wedding to be taken up with the "death of tru luv" angle (though it would be hilarious in a way if after having deprived us of any of the emotional impact of Robb and Catelyn's reactions to the death of loved ones, we get to see Talisa hearing about the RW. The Seven shall weep) because it's a minimal aspect of it I'm afraid. When the Red Wedding occurred only a very small amount of me went "Oh no, Jeyne will be devastated!". Instead I was more like "Fuck, there goes Mormont, and Manderly, and the Smalljon. Fuck fuck fuck the North is disintegrating word by word. Grey Wind's how.....oh shit, he knew. Walder Frey is a vile expletive not worth repeating". With all due respect to Jeyne, my heart does not bleed for her relationship with Robb as much as the writers seem to want it to.Yeah. But there are people that are more invested. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  For you nothing will change. If you still care for Robb you will be sorry for him and his stupidity. If not you will concentrate on other aspects of the RWAnybody more invested, or indeed, invested at all in this show storyline is incapable of love. I jest, but not really.It's your opinion and I respect it. But I see it just as a normal love story that will end in tragedy ( unless you find the RW funny /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) and I like it in its simplicity.Yeah cos I tend to find ASOIAF/ GOT's joys come in its simplicities. Multi-layered character driven plots? Meh. Horny teenagers going at it for petty reasons? Sign me up!
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 09 June 2012 - 05:13 PM.
1872	Rapsie	2012-06-09	TV Robb is a douche, and does not deserve much sympathy.This. So much so that I am actually looking forward to the RW.
1873	Harrad	2012-06-09	This. So much so that I am actually looking forward to the RW.Book Robb doesnt even deserve a POV. Think about that for a nanosec or two.
					
					
							Edited by Harrad, 09 June 2012 - 07:08 PM.
1874	7V3N	2012-06-09	I cried when I read RW. Like many others, I will be happy about the RW in the show. I am actually sympathizing with heh heh Walder Frey in the show now. In the book, he got pissed on. In the show, he got shat on.Book Robb doesnt even deserve a POV. Think about that for a nanosec or two.Explain. Jaime deserves one. Cersei does. POV does not have anything to do with a character. It has to do with whom GRRM thinks provides the most interesting/entertaining/serving perspective. By serving I mean something like Davos rather than Stannis because Davos' POV allows us to see the story in a much different way that serves the story.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 09 June 2012 - 07:13 PM.
1875	Thunderfist	2012-06-09	Book Robb doesnt even deserve a POV. Think about that for a nanosec or two.IÂ´ve thought about it, and I donÂ´t get what you are trying to say
1876	Harrad	2012-06-09	IÂ´ve thought about it, and I donÂ´t get what you are trying to sayAll the major characters get point of view (POV) chapters. GRRM thinks so little of Robb Stark that he doesnt bother with him. At least Robb gets face time on HBO. He pretty much is the same character as in the book. Any difference one thinks there is in the book is a product of ones on imagination, not what GRRM wrote.
1877	DurararaFTW	2012-06-09	Castel: per Aristotles definition of a tragic hero the hero must be a morally blameless man.Book Robb is blameless for sleeping with Jeyne because of his state of mind and body, he can be excused because he was not in his right mind (grief) nor in his right body (festering wound).Book Robb is blameless for marrying Jeyne because it was an honorable thing to do.I don't think GRRM wrote any character with this in mind. Book Robb's got excuses, certainly better excuses then TV Robb but he's not blameless. Jeyne Westerling slept with him, Freys children and grandchildren fought and died for him. He chose too put one thing ahead of the other.
1878	Istakhr	2012-06-09	All the major characters get point of view (POV) chapters. GRRM thinks so little of Robb Stark that he doesnt bother with him. At least Robb gets face time on HBO. He pretty much is the same character as in the book. Any difference one thinks there is in the book is a product of ones on imagination, not what GRRM wrote.What do you mean by major character here? If you mean effect on the whole story, you are simply wrong.
1879	Istakhr	2012-06-09	I don't think GRRM wrote any character with this in mind. Book Robb's got excuses, certainly better excuses then TV Robb but he's not blameless. Jeyne Westerling slept with him, Freys children and grandchildren fought and died for him. He chose too put one thing ahead of the other.Book Robb chose between two things he considered dishonorable.TV Rob is chose between an option he considers honorable and another that he considers dishonorable. He chose dishonor because he considers honor to be useless after his honorable father's death and to spite his mother.
1880	7V3N	2012-06-09	All the major characters get point of view (POV) chapters. GRRM thinks so little of Robb Stark that he doesnt bother with him. At least Robb gets face time on HBO. He pretty much is the same character as in the book. Any difference one thinks there is in the book is a product of ones on imagination, not what GRRM wrote.No. Just no. You need to reread. They are not the same.And POV does not constitute character importance. For example, Stannis, Jorah, Beric, Old Bear, the Hound, ..... the list goes on.POV is a strategic decision made by GRRM.
1881	Harrad	2012-06-09	No. Just no. YPOV is a strategic decision made by GRRM.Yes yes yes just yes. Major characters get POV. They might not be a major character in the world as a whole, e.g. Robert Baratheon, but they are THE major characters in the plot as deemed important by GRRM. A strategic decision indeed. How important can a character be in his interactions with other major characters if GRRM leaves him out. Robb was off-stage and he stayed off-stage until permanently off-ed.
1882	7V3N	2012-06-09	Yes yes yes just yes. Major characters get POV. They might not be a major character in the world as a whole, e.g. Robert Baratheon, but they are THE major characters in the plot as deemed important by GRRM. A strategic decision indeed. How important can a character be in his interactions with other major characters if GRRM leaves him out. Robb was off-stage and he stayed off-stage until permanently off-ed.I am unsure why you cut part of my quote out, but alright. It seems we have a difference of opinions, but I believe GRRM strategically chooses who to give a POV to, as well as when. It allows him to manipulate our view of characters and events, as well as create ambiguity in some cases (which made this discussion exist). GRRM is an expert at making us readers talk about his books and debate "what really happened?"
1883	Istakhr	2012-06-09	Yes yes yes just yes. Major characters get POV. They might not be a major character in the world as a whole, e.g. Robert Baratheon, but they are THE major characters in the plot as deemed important by GRRM. A strategic decision indeed. How important can a character be in his interactions with other major characters if GRRM leaves him out. Robb was off-stage and he stayed off-stage until permanently off-ed.Your definition of central character is not equivalent to important. POVs are chosen to show us what GRRM wants us to know. Robb was the central character of the north storyline the same way as Littlefinger have been important in south storyline and Varys to almost all of the stories. Their active choices shape the story while many POVs are just observers to give us a particular perspective.
1884	SerMixalot	2012-06-09	I am not sure what you mean by this. Care to elaborate?That weighing one honorable choice as more honorable is a relativistic approach to morality.  The starks believe in a thing being right or wrong, not more right or less right than another thing.Therefore, when the choice of marrying jeyne being less honorable than staying true to his vow to the freys has no meaning to the starks.That is why I say when he slept with Jeyne Robb was left with an irreconcilable choice.  Either act was to betray his honor.All the major characters get point of view (POV) chapters. GRRM thinks so little of Robb Stark that he doesnt bother with him. At least Robb gets face time on HBO. He pretty much is the same character as imn the book. Any difference one thinks there is in the book is a product of ones on imagination, not what GRRM wrote.Book Robb from a literary perspective is more properly presented without a POV, thatway the reader has more flexibility in viewing his actins.I don't think GRRM wrote any character with this in mind. Book Robb's got excuses, certainly better excuses then TV Robb but he's not blameless. Jeyne Westerling slept with him, Freys children and grandchildren fought and died for him. He chose too put one thing ahead of the other.all he needs be is a morally blameless man not a perfect man.  GRRM took pains to put Robb in the situation he was in when he slept with Jeyne to absolve him, to the extent feasible, for his tragic mistake.WRT not giving Robb a POV it allows for Robb's character to be viewed more heroically, more pure, because we do not see inside his thoughts and motivations.  That is critical to our perception of Robb and highly intentional of GRRM IMO.
					
					
							Edited by TerraPrime, 10 June 2012 - 02:38 PM.
1885	Harrad	2012-06-09	WRT not giving Robb a POV it allows for Robb's character to be viewed more heroically, more pure, because we do not see inside his thoughts and motivations.  That is critical to our perception of Robb and highly intentional of GRRM IMO.Exactly...hence the mis-directed Robb worship here. The HBO series depicts Robb as he was, not the unrealistic, idealistic un-human in the minds of the "Book Robb is so much better than HBO Robb" crew. GRRM left him out of POV for the reason of his short, unimpressive turn in the GoT, not so he could be idealized.
1886	7V3N	2012-06-09	Exactly...hence the mis-directed Robb worship here. The HBO series depicts Robb as he was, not the unrealistic, idealistic un-human in the minds of the "Book Robb is so much better than HBO Robb" crew. GRRM left him out of POV for the reason of his short, unimpressive turn in the GoT, not so he could be idealized.Robb worship? We are highly critical of Robb. It is just we could understand why he married Jeyne, while we may not agree. With Talisa, he is just immature and and forsakes his vows to the Freys, pissing on them like everyone else. I actually made a topic earlier discussing why the Freys were not completely wrong in their desire for vengeance.ETA: I should not say we. I believe I speak for a lot of people, but I shouldn't assume.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 09 June 2012 - 09:20 PM.
1887	Harrad	2012-06-09	Robb worship? We are highly critical of Robb. I.Highly critical of HBO Robb vs. Book Robb.
1888	Castel	2012-06-09	Highly critical of HBO Robb vs. Book Robb.No. Check the thread, both of them get their share of hate.
1889	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	Highly critical of HBO Robb vs. Book Robb.Book Robb folks will feel sorry for, TV Robb folks will understand . . .
1890	Ferrous	2012-06-09	The reason it is a good refutation is that it is the only evidence available.  There is no evidence that the northern lords would rebel against the king in the north because of how he got married, just opinions.  There is very clear evidence that the lords of the north continued to fully support, respect, and follow their liege lord after he was married in a sept to a southern woman who followed the seven.Except Ned Stark was following through on a bethrothal.
1891	Harrad	2012-06-09	The only Lord who would give a rat's ass whom Robb married was Frey. Otherwise if he wasn't marrying into their family, it didn't matter to them, compared with all the other bonds of loyaly thay had, or should have had in the case of the Flayed Men.
1892	Bride of Winter	2012-06-09	I only got up to page 3 of this thread so apologies if this is completely irrelevant, but I don't like the idea that Robb getting married by a septon is telling of him further distancing himself from his upbringing.
I don't know where people are getting the idea that book!Robb is reckless. Immaturity =/= recklessness. Robb only acted out once, and that was sleeping with Jeyne (which under the circumstances he can hardly be blamed for). Everything else he did strictly followed his upbringing and morals. I would even say that's his downfall. If anything, his immaturity stems from his not knowing what to do, and therefore solving his problems as if the world was ideal, rather than thinking things through and considering the world around him. For example, the fact that he tried to fix the Jeyne issue by marrying her, because that was "honorable" in his eyes and he was taught that being honorable comes above all else and will basically solve all of your problems. Robb's arc stands out because he lost the war as a good guy. He couldn't sink to everyone else's level and thought that being good and winning every battle would lead him to win the war, and that bit him in the ass.
sorry that was pretty long-winded for one simple idea but what I'm saying is, Robb didn't die because he abandoned his upbringing for Jeyne, he died because he stubbornly refused to let go of his upbringing.
which also happens to be problem #823948234 with the Jeyne-Talisa switch.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 09 June 2012 - 10:30 PM.
1893	mcbelfast	2012-06-10	No doubt it's been mentioned before but is 'Talisa' actually Jeyne pretending to be somebody else? There was a reluctance to go to The Crag if I remember correctly. That said, she told a convincing story of her days in Volantis.
					
					
							Edited by mcbelfast, 10 June 2012 - 04:06 AM.
1894	David Selig	2012-06-10	That weighing one honorable choice as more honorable is a relativistic approach to morality.  The starks believe in a thing being right or wrong, not more right or less right than another thing. That's your interpretation. I don't see it this way. I don't see how can you behave honorably without having a way to weight one act versus another when you have to choose. At the end of the day, you have to make a choice, and a honor code which doesn't give you some way to make the choice, is worhtless. Take Ned for example. For him not harming was first priority, higher than being honest with his king. Keeping his promise to his sister was also more important than being honest with his king for him. He clearly had his priorities when it came to honor.
1895	SerMixalot	2012-06-10	When was Ned not honest with Robert?
R+L+J is a fact not in evidence at this point.
ASSUMING that is true it only proves my point that the black and white honor system that Ned and Robb had created irreconcilable conflicts of honor.  Ned would have known that he was being dishonest and dishonorable and that was tearing him apart. 
WHen he found out about the incest he attempted to satisfy the irreconcilable conflict by protecting his family and protecting Joff, Tomm and Myrcella and he refused to lie to do it.  He could have been dishonest to pave his way through the conflict but chose not to.
1896	David Selig	2012-06-10	Again, I've seen no real evidence that according to the Stark honor Robb absolutely had to marry Jeyne regardless of prior commitment and obligations. That was his choice, not something absolutely demanded under all circumstances by the honor code.
Otherwise, how do you explain that Brandon Stark had sex with Lady Dustin yet didn't marry her? If that was so paramount for the Starks, shouldn't he have done it? And either Brandon or Ned also had sex with Ashara Dayne according to Barristan Selmy, yet didn't marry her either. How come if the Stark code of honour was so clear on this as you claim?
1897	s_Xi	2012-06-10	You're the one claiming that a certain amount of time/ degree of interaction is necessary in order to fall in love. An arbitrary system which Jeyne seems to have failed to match but Talisa has managed to beaten.nope. I said that they had time to know each other not that it was necessary. I was just pointing out that Robb and Talisa didn't happen out of nowhere and actually I think  more or less the same happened between Robb and Jeyne.His needs are severely hampered by his position, a position I've explained various times over. Go back and read them if you wish.I know. You're right but the point is that only few people are able to always control their emotions. People make mistakes. People with judgment clouded by love-grief-whatever make mistakes. We have to take in consideration the whole situation. Why and when he did what he did and in that moment his needs weren't something he could ignore easily. The fact that he is young and hurt didn't help.It isn't a moment of vulnerability though. He fucks Talisa, then dwells on the decision, even consults with someone about it, then decides to marry her anyway (i can't remember if her honor was referred to at all, but if not, shows he didn't even give much of a toss about that) because he's the King and he can do what he wants. Season 2 Robb is a drastically different character than book Robb and Season 1 Robb.I think that the honor part is implied. If you love someone I doubt you'd want her treated as a whore.And no, it's not about "I'm the king so I can do what I want", it's more "why I have to sacrifice this too? why when everybody - even my mother that I consider an example - do what they want?". Is it stupid? Yes! But looking at all they lost to behave honorably and trust people is understandable.He did it anyway because he loves her. He respect her and want to protect her at any cost. Actually the fact that he cares about her regardless of her rank is something that weighs in his favor IMO.He slept with/married her not because he suddenly needed a moment of relief and then thought 'ooops I was supposed to be a honorable man now I have to marry her'. There are real feelings behind his actions.Feelings that he shouldn't follow , yes, and it's here his tragedy.I'd love to hear why this is so ridiculous. The guy heard that his best friend had betrayed him and his brothers had been killed. I'd love to know any one of us who hasn't done the odd rash and/or stupid thing when upset.Try to picture the scenario:Two virgins. One is a shy, sweet and innocent girl.. her virginity is the most important thing for her... actually seeing her family conditions the ONLY thing she had. The other is a boy, equally shy with girls (imo) , weakened physically by his wounds.The terrible news arrives.The boy is devastated. Maybe he cried, maybe he raged, maybe he just sat silent in his bed for hours.The girl was there. She was sorry for him and didn't know what to do to ease his pain. Maybe she hugged him, listened to his angry words...The last thing in their mind -IMO- were their hormones or that "rolling around in bed together" could help things get better.But apparently Jeyne suddenly decided that her virginity wasn't so important if she could comfort a man she barely knew and that  - unless Robb told her after the night together (it would be awful!)  - was promised to another girl. And Robb was so weakened and sad that he suddenly found her so arousing he couldn't help himself.IMO it is stupid and ridiculous unless they already liked each other and decided to ignore their feelings and then lost it when, after the news, everything else seemed so unimportant.But people say that he slept with her ONLY because he was upset (someone even said -I don't remember where- that he was drugged so he wasn't himself -but this technically means that Jeyne took advantage of him xD) that Robb married her ONLY out of honor and not because he ALSO liked her and didn't want to marry the Frey girl...so, yep, I find this interpretations stupid.I don't want the impact of the Red Wedding to be taken up with the "death of tru luv" angle (though it would be hilarious in a way if after having deprived us of any of the emotional impact of Robb and Catelyn's reactions to the death of loved ones, we get to see Talisa hearing about the RW. The Seven shall weep) because it's a minimal aspect of it I'm afraid. When the Red Wedding occurred only a very small amount of me went "Oh no, Jeyne will be devastated!". Instead I was more like "Fuck, there goes Mormont, and Manderly, and the Smalljon. Fuck fuck fuck the North is disintegrating word by word. Grey Wind's how.....oh shit, he knew. Walder Frey is a vile expletive not worth repeating". With all due respect to Jeyne, my heart does not bleed for her relationship with Robb as much as the writers seem to want it to.I don't know why they chose to not use the deaths of Bran and Rickon... I don't like it either to be honest but their reasons to me are still valid enough.  A different kind of pain... but still pain.The RW will be the death of characters we love, good people that are betrayed in the most horrible way. I will be sorry to see Robb die ALSO because he wanted something for himself after everything he lost and was losing. I will be sorry for every victim of the RW. And there will be people who will be sorry also for Talisa.. but where is the problem?.. it doesn't change anything. You didn't care about Jeyne and will care less about Talisa. So?Anybody more invested, or indeed, invested at all in this show storyline is incapable of love. I jest, but not really.I'm incapable of love then as you are incapable to accept other POVs. If you don't like something doesn't mean that other people can't and that you can judge them. Jeez.Yeah cos I tend to find ASOIAF/ GOT's joys come in its simplicities. Multi-layered character driven plots? Meh. Horny teenagers going at it for petty reasons? Sign me up!A boy that in a moment of vulnerability decided to sleep with a girl he loves and then chose his heart and to protect her honor is less about hormones and more about feelings. This made him more layered than a boy who couldn't control his hormones and used a girl because he was sad and then couldn't live with his guilt and decided that she was more important than his duty and his men....  practically the epitome of horny and stupid teenager.
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 10 June 2012 - 04:29 PM.
1898	7V3N	2012-06-10	The only Lord who would give a rat's ass whom Robb married was Frey. Otherwise if he wasn't marrying into their family, it didn't matter to them, compared with all the other bonds of loyaly thay had, or should have had in the case of the Flayed Men.Cat in the show says something like "Why should your followers take their oaths seriously if their king does not."
1899	Dio Forel	2012-06-10	Cat in the show says something like "Why should your followers take their oaths seriously if their king does not."I think this was also more a mother reprimanding her son being overly dramatic.  Trying to rekindle the flame of honor inside her son that she feels he is completely abandoning.  People are having a much more vicious reaction to Robb on TV because in the books he was basically a young kid.  Both Robbs were severely flawed and made some bad mistakes but on TV he is portrayed as an ignorant "adult".  I can definitely understand the Freys and their frustration, but I think they went just a little bit overboard in the end lol.  I still kinda feel bad for the idiot that is Robb.. Plus.. what kinda honorable person is Walder Frey?  He is absolutely condescending to his whole family and shoots out kids daily.  In the books they tried to make it up to Walder with some attempts to give his kin noble lives still.  Walder is just malicious and cruel and enjoys the terror that he helped cause.  They are notorious trash, would you want to marry into that? You have your father murdered... your brothers trapped/dead at the hands of a "friend".. your sisters held "captive"... youre being forced to marry a supposedly very unattractive girl from a family that is widely hated, far from loyal, and very worthy of disgust.. wouldnt you be tempted by a beautiful girl who for the first time makes you feel like you have a chance to be with somebody you actually want and get along with?  She was also very easy on the eyes... most guys in fantasy and reality seem to falter when thats the case...Give the poor damned fool a break!  The murder of him and all his friends and his mother to boot was hardly a welcome or justified situation in the books, and I dont think itd be welcome for the TV viewers either.  At least I hope it isnt.
					
					
							Edited by Dio Forel, 10 June 2012 - 01:55 PM.
1900	s_Xi	2012-06-10	This is basically the problem. Instead of him feeling he can't marry the Frey girl because he has to marry Jeyne for some idiotic concept of honor, he is saying he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl.we don't know EXACTLY how things went between Robb and Jeyne. We don't know if they already liked each other and they were just ignoring it or not. We don't know what he said to her. If he said something about all the sacrifices he was making and he made for nothing. We don't know if among other things he told Jeyne that he didn't want to marry that girl. We don't know anything ... just that he was suffering for his brothers and she was there for him ...it's up to us... but I doubt that he suddenly went like "I'm suffering so much .... oh... uhm... I think I'm aroused...let's kiss!" and that a girl like Jeyne was like "oh! Ok! Watching you cry made me horny too and I really want to cheer you up so I'm going to lose the most precious thing for me!"  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  Anyway he didn't HAVE to marry Jeyne unless he wanted to. Because choosing the daughter of one of the bannermen of your enemy over your men...men that fought for you, that died for you it's hardly the MOST honorable thing to do... especially because there were other ways to fix things up without repercussions. And he knew it.But he chose her...... because he wanted to protect her honor but also because he didn't want to marry the Frey girl but the girl who "took his heart".Then to top it he tells his mother that he can break his promise because she did it first . This is where he comes out as an entitled douche instead of an honorable idiot.No. He never said that. He just said that she couldn't call him reckless. And he was right. He wasn't saying "you did it first now it's my turn lalalalala". He isn't using her as an excuse....Cat's betrayal was just the last straw - the thing that set him off , that made him reconsider what he was doing and if being honorable was really worth it.and Robb comes out as a hurt and confused fool in love.
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 10 June 2012 - 04:08 PM.
1901	Dio Forel	2012-06-10	and Robb comes out as a hurt and confused fool in love.Exactly.  He was basically a fool, so to speak, to begin with.  Then he was a fool that was traumatized.  Then he was a fool in love.  Bottom line is he still tries to atone for his mistakes.  In the show we havent seen it yet because the scene ended.  But in the books he did try to make up for his mistake.  Apparently the acceptance of his offers werent enough because we saw how that one turned out.  Evil and malicious people do not try to make up for their errors.  I dont recall Ramsay ever apologizing to anyone for his vicious methods.  I dont recall TV Joff ever going back to those prostitutes after torturing them and saying hey look I know I just humiliated and abused you but let me try to make it up to you.  Next season we will see Robb try to make it up to the Freys and fail miserably.  But the fact is.. we will see him TRY.  This villain people are trying to conjure up just does not exist in Robb.  But an absolute fool/fool in love does adequately sum it up.  I would say Walder Frey is an absolute villain though, no question.
1902	Istakhr	2012-06-10	we don't know EXACTLY how things went between Robb and Jeyne. We don't know if they already like each other and they were just ignoring it or not. We don't know what he said to her. If he said something about all the sacrifices he was making and he made for nothing. We don't know if among other things he told Jeyne that he didn't want to marry that girl. We don't know anything ... just that he was suffering for his brothers and she was there for him ...it's up to us... but I doubt that he suddenly went like "I'm suffering so much .... oh... uhm... I think I'm aroused...let's kiss!" and that a girl like Jeyne was like "oh! Ok! Watching you cry made me horny too and I really want to cheer you up so I'm going to lose the most precious thing for me!"  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  Anyway he didn't HAVE to marry Jeyne unless he wanted to. Because choosing the daughter of one of the bannermen of your enemy over your men...men that fought for you, that died for you it's hardly the MOST honorable thing to do... especially because there were other ways to fix things up without repercussions. And he knew it.But he chose her...... because he wanted to protect her honor but also because he didn't want to marry the Frey girl but the girl who "took his heart".I have to repeat it again. Book Robb believes that both options of marrying Jeyne or not are dishonorable and he has to choose between them. He feels remorse over breaking his promise to Frey's. He is even apologetic toward his mother.TV Rob's marriage choice has a different context. He believes marrying the Frey girl is the honorable and moral choice.No. He never said that. He just said that she couldn't call him reckless. And he was right. He wasn't saying "you did it first now it's my turn lalalalala". He isn't using her as an excuse....Cat's betrayal was just the last straw - the thing that set him off , that made him reconsider what he was doing and if being honorable was really worth it.and Robb comes out as a hurt and confused fool in love.Why couldn't she call him reckless? Because she did something reckless first? This exactly where he comes out as a child throwing a tantrum.And let's not forget that Cat is punished by him already, she is confined and has been stripped of her freedom and power. Is Robb going to abdicate his crown because of his own selfish act? Is he  ready to take the responsibility for his action and pay the price? Lannisters will be more than happy to accept Bran (he doesn't know he is dead) as new lord of Winterfell and their subject. But he believes unlike her mother it is his prerogative to act dishonorably since he is the king and he can do what he wants.TV Robb being in love is beside the point. He is simply a hypocrite. He is berating and punishing his mother for his own failings. He is a moral coward justifying his actions by blaming his dead father and his concerned mother.
					
					
							Edited by Istakhr, 10 June 2012 - 04:34 PM.
1903	Castel	2012-06-10	Exactly.  He was basically a fool, so to speak, to begin with.  Then he was a fool that was traumatized.  Then he was a fool in love.  Bottom line is he still tries to atone for his mistakes.  In the show we havent seen it yet because the scene ended.  But in the books he did try to make up for his mistake.  Apparently the acceptance of his offers werent enough because we saw how that one turned out.  Evil and malicious people do not try to make up for their errors.  I dont recall Ramsay ever apologizing to anyone for his vicious methods.  I dont recall TV Joff ever going back to those prostitutes after torturing them and saying hey look I know I just humiliated and abused you but let me try to make it up to you.  Next season we will see Robb try to make it up to the Freys and fail miserably.  But the fact is.. we will see him TRY.  This villain people are trying to conjure up just does not exist in Robb.  But an absolute fool/fool in love does adequately sum it up.  I would say Walder Frey is an absolute villain though, no question.Robb may not have been an evil person at heart, but his decision was evil. I mean, this is Walder Frey. The only reason he even goes with Robb is because Robb is the only person that hasn't offended him at that moment. Robb  created a situation where he could lose a significant portion of his men in the middle of a war with a man known to not take any prisoners. I mean, it's so terribly irresponsible it's not even funny.You're looking at intentions here, but both Ramsay and Robb knew that they were causing harm, one admitted to himself, the other plays it off. And at the end of the day Robb's actions were more potentially destructive than Ramsay's either way. I don't think that the distinction between good person willingly doing evil and evil person doing evil are that meaningful here.
1904	Istakhr	2012-06-10	Robb may not have been an evil person at heart, but his decision was evil. I mean, this is Walder Frey. The only reason he even goes with Robb is because Robb is the only person that hasn't offended him at that moment. Robb  created a situation where he could lose a significant portion of his men in the middle of a war with a man known to not take any prisoners. I mean, it's so terribly irresponsible it's not even funny.You're looking at intentions here, but both Ramsay and Robb knew that they were causing harm, one admitted to himself, the other plays it off. And at the end of the day Robb's actions were more potentially destructive than Ramsay's either way. I don't think that the distinction between good person willingly doing evil and evil person doing evil are that meaningful here.I believe intent always matter. Accidentally causing a death should be punished less than premeditated murder. Incidentally this also applies to Book Robb vs Show Robb.
1905	Castel	2012-06-10	I believe intent always matter. Accidentally causing a death should be punished less than premeditated murder. Incidentally this also applies to Book Robb vs Show Robb.It depends on the accident in question here. If you could have predicted it and went through anyway for utterly selfish reasons then you don't get a pass, at least in my mind.
1906	Istakhr	2012-06-10	It depends on the accident in question here. If you could have predicted it and went through anyway for utterly selfish reasons then you don't get a pass, at least in my mind.Fair enough. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I think the accidentally causing harm is always at least a little less evil than intentionally causing the same amount of harm. But yes causing unintentional harm doesn't excuse you.Anyway if you can predict it, then you are causing harm somewhat intentionally.
1907	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-10	nope. I said that they had time to know each other not that it was necessary. I was just pointing out that Robb and Talisa didn't happen out of nowhere and actually I think  more or less the same happened between Robb and Jeyne.Meaning that Jeyne is probably more than a "plot device" as you put it. Basically though, I was picking up on your implied belief that Robb/Talisa is somehow more plausible than Robb/Jeyne. One is "love", one is lust, it seems.I know. You're right but the point is that only few people are able to always control their emotions. People make mistakes. People with judgment clouded by love-grief-whatever make mistakes. We have to take in consideration the whole situation. Why and when he did what he did and in that moment his needs weren't something he could ignore easily. The fact that he is young and hurt didn't help.Few people can control their emotions, but he is the King, so he kind of has to. Not fair? Neither is the fact he was born into lordship whilst the vast majority of people were born into peasantry. Sometimes life isn't fair. What he did in that moment is kind of irrelevant because he never had to put himself in that position. He actively sought Talisa out again and again. His needs, with all due respect, were irrelevant at that moment in time.I think that the honor part is implied. If you love someone I doubt you'd want her treated as a whore.And no, it's not about "I'm the king so I can do what I want", it's more "why I have to sacrifice this too? why when everybody - even my mother that I consider an example - do what they want?". Is it stupid? Yes! But looking at all they lost to behave honorably and trust people is understandable.Is the honour part implied? I never got that impression.Sorry to say, but it really is a case "I'm going to do what I want". The reason he has to sacrifice getting his dick wet is because he's the King. I also wonder at the logic that says Catelyn does "whatever she wants". Like getting to choose her husband, or never having her counsel dismissed because of her gender. Stuff like that.There are real feelings behind his actions.I agree. He wanted to get his dick wet.her virginity is the most important thing for herSays you.Snip.I do agree that he did not marry her solely out of honour. The rest? Nah. You know, I don't want to imagine the scene and the dialogue in too much detail, but it's not really too ridiculous to see how one thing led to another. Jeyne thought he needed comforting, maybe kissed him gently on the head/cheek, wherever, and Robb, with nowhere else to turn (at that moment and that time, and with all due respect to the Greatjon, I don't think that his idea of comfort is pretty desirable), overstepped the mark and blah blah. I'm going to stop now because I just feel I'm writing bad porn but I honestly don't think it's too much of a step to think that people seek physical comfort when upset.The RW will be the death of characters we love, good people that are betrayed in the most horrible way. I will be sorry to see Robb die ALSO because he wanted something for himself after everything he lost and was losing. I will be sorry for every victim of the RW. And there will be people who will be sorry also for Talisa.. but where is the problem?.. it doesn't change anything. You didn't care about Jeyne and will care less about Talisa. So?My chagrin lies with this definition of the RW as now embodying the end of a "tragic love story", a story which double the impact of the RW no less. The RW is the sum of many equally devastating parts.I'm incapable of love then as you are incapable to accept other POVs. If you don't like something doesn't mean that other people can't and that you can judge them. Jeez.Sorry if you're offended, I was only being facetious. Though this really isn't a great love story I'm afraid.A boy that in a moment of vulnerability decided to sleep with a girl he loves and then chose his heart and to protect her honor is less about hormones and more about feelings. This made him more layered than a boy who couldn't control his hormones and used a girl because he was sad and then couldn't live with his guilt and decided that she was more important than his duty and his men....  practically the epitome of horny and stupid teenager.As I explained, show Robb does not have a "moment of vulnerability". He actively seeks his kryptonite out.I also like the way that we're back to the magic "feelings system" which attributes Talisa with having an emotional impact upon Robb and Jeyne as little more than a piece of ass.Show Robb dismisses the Freys, his mother, his father's memory and the thousands of men and women under his command because he can and he wants to. Following his transgression, he shows no remorse.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 10 June 2012 - 05:55 PM.
1908	DurararaFTW	2012-06-10	Book Robb chose between two things he considered dishonorable.He went with the one that was dishonouring a good thousand times as many individuals, and is extremely detrimental to the war effort. He can be blamed for this is all I'm saying.all he needs be is a morally blameless man not a perfect man.  GRRM took pains to put Robb in the situation he was in when he slept with Jeyne to absolve him, to the extent feasible, for his tragic mistake.Yeah to an extent, not completely morally blameless. As in, you never have any right to ever hold anything he does against him ever. Book Robb is not that.
1909	s_Xi	2012-06-10	I have to repeat it again. Book Robb believes that both options of marrying Jeyne or not are dishonorable and he has to choose between them. He feels remorse over breaking his promise to Frey's. He is even apologetic toward his mother.TV Rob's marriage choice has a different context. He believes marrying the Frey girl is the honorable and moral choice.yeah, sure... because Tv!Robb believe that isn't dishonorable not marry Talisa...Actually Book!Robb kind of tricked his mother xD he defended her using the love excuseÂ« Love's not always wise, I've learned. It can lead us to great folly, but we follow our hearts wherever they take us. Don't we, Mother?Â»and then he dropped the bomb... XDWe don't know how book!Robb would have reacted if Cat was there the day he chose to marry Jeyne and told him to not do it. And keep in mind that Book!Robb had the time to reflect before his meeting with his mother.We will see more about what S!Robb thinks and if he will feel remorse next season. For now in the show we just saw that he was determined to marry Talisa because he loves her and that he knew it was dangerous and reckless. Nothing more.Why couldn't she call him reckless? Because she did something reckless first? This exactly where he comes out as a child throwing a tantrum.They were arguing. Never heard an adult saying something similar before during an argument? ... we all at least once said something on the line of "The pot calling the kettle black" this made us all children throwing a tantrum?And let's not forget that Cat is punished by him already, she is confined and has been stripped of her freedom and power. Is Robb going to abdicate his crown because of his own selfish act? Is he ready to take the responsibility for his action and pay the price? Lannisters will be more than happy to accept Bran (he doesn't know he is dead) as new lord of Winterfell and their subject. zBut he believes unlike her mother it is his prerogative to act dishonorably since he is the king and he can do what he wants.by "arresting" his mother he also calmed down the Karstarks... it WAS treason you know...He never said that since he is a king he can do what he wants. He made a choice. A dangerous one and he is ready to face the consequences.TV Robb being in love is beside the point. He is simply a hypocrite. He is berating and punishing his mother for his own failings. He is a moral coward justifying his actions by blaming his dead father and his concerned mother.No. Sorry but YOU WANT to see him as a coward. Look at how much he/they lost for being honorable and duty ... having doubts about it it's more than normal...  He isn't blaming no one.
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 10 June 2012 - 07:28 PM.
1910	Burt Clegane	2012-06-10	S_Xi & Dio Forel are bang on the money. 
I fully accept that for some of you that any adaptation simply would never be good enough, but some of the statements that Robb is "evil" are frankly ludicrous. 
We are all entitled to our opinions and it's clear that peoples minds simply cannot be altered, I'm impressed by some of the most puritanical and zealous attitudes and I bow to your superior love and knowledge for your versions of the characters. Continue the debate by all means, but I will not and instead plan to move onto to pastures new, therefore I deem this thread irrelevant from henceforth. 
Bye. 
(*chuckles*)
1911	Burt Clegane	2012-06-10	*irrelevant only to me of course. As someone new to the forum I have enjoyed reading all the different opinions on the characters I have grown to love. Really great to see that so many people care about this great series of books so much that it gets us all worked up about it.
Currently re-reading the books now (it's what inspired me to sign up here) and there really are so many little nuggets that foreshadow events to come (Bran's dream with the three-eyed Crow seeing the Hound, Jaime? & Ser Robert Strong).
1912	Castel	2012-06-10	Continue the debate by all meansThank you, I was worried for a minute there, I mean, the thread could have easily collapsed if you hadn't given your blessing.by "arresting" his mother he also calmed down the Karstarks... it WAS treason you know...He never said that since he is a king he can do what he wants. He made a choice. A dangerous one and he is ready to face the consequences.And this is the problem. Robb made a decision that could considerably weaken his new kingdom, he's not going to be the only one paying so he doesn't really come off as good in this.I honestly really don't give a shit what his mom said or didn't say, Robb did indeed know the possible consequences, but instead chose to remind himself and his mother that she had sinned and used that to nullify her argument. He knew what the right path was and he chose otherwise.But as much as I found the first of Burt Clegane's last posts subtly condescending and completely pointless, I think he has a point. You are willing to accept his actions and on some level think that because it was for love it was understandable. I do not. That's a gap that can't be bridged imo.
1913	Istakhr	2012-06-10	Actually Book!Robb kind of tricked his mother xD he defended her using the love excuseÂ« Love's not always wise, I've learned. It can lead us to great folly, but we follow our hearts wherever they take us. Don't we, Mother?Â»and then he dropped the bomb... XDBook!Robb was judging his mother by the same standard he expected to be judged. Show!Robb holds her to a different standard.We don't know how book!Robb would have reacted if Cat was there the day he chose to marry Jeyne and told him to not doing it. And keep in mind that Book!Robb had the time to reflect before his meeting with his mother.If Book!Robb had acted the same way he would have been no different than Show!Robb. I usually sympathize is for people based on what I know abut them and their situation, don't you? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />We will see more about what S!Robb thinks and if he will feel remorse next season. For now in the show we just saw that he was determined to marry Talisa because he loves her and that he knew it was dangerous and reckless. Nothing more.Show!Robb is justifying his act by shifting the blame to his dead father and mother. But I agree that he might gain some of my sympathy back if he apologizes to her mother and look sufficiently contrite.They were arguing. Never heard an adult saying something similar before during an argument? ... we all at least once said something on the line of "The pot calling the kettle black" this made us all children throwing a tantrum?What they were arguing about is important, not the simple act of arguing.by "arresting" his mother he also calmed down the Karstarks... it WAS treason you know...Don't be too melodramatic. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  In her station treason is only meaningful against Robb, his king. We are not talking about nation states. Karstark had no justification for trying to murder his king's prisoner. Show!Cat's act is treason only if Robb himself agrees with Jaime and as a consequence his sisters being killed. Don't mix book and show, Show!Cat made a choice in crisis as she should. Whether Robb considers this against or in accordance with his will as King is only and only his choice. One can argue Show!Cat is willing to take the blame for the political well being of his son. This does mean that it is politically expedient to punish her, but this does not mean he is right to actually blame her.He never said that since he is a king he can do what he wants. He made a choice. A dangerous one and he is ready to face the consequences.He is implying that by rubbing it in to her mother, showing her that she can't stop her, that he is not there to listen to her consul, but to blame her for his own feeling of guilt.No. Sorry but YOU WANT to see him as a coward. Look at how much he/they lost for being honorable and duty ... having doubts about it's more than normal...  He isn't blaming no one.A moral coward not a coward. He admits what he is doing is wrong . Then tries to shift the blame to others to paint himself blameless.He is blaming his mother and father. Oh, if only his honorable father was not so inconsiderate to get murdered or her mother didn't try to both save her sisters and stop his lords from deserting by accepting the consequences, then he wouldn't have to forsake honor. Oh, the cruel world! yeah, sure... because Tv!Robb believe that isn't dishonorable not marry Talisa...Last but not least that is actually a very good point. I sometimes do not notice the differences between show and books. /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />Since apparently adaptation means Show and Book are two totally different things which do not have to have any relation whatsoever, the concept of honor in the show might be different than the medieval concept. One can also wonder if Show Robb is aware of other concepts like democracy, human rights, â<U+0080>¦ and chooses to ignore them. /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />It seems that continuing this discussion can only makes me dislike Show!Robb more.I respectfully bow out of this discussion now and apologize if I look as being deliberately obtuse. /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
1914	s_Xi	2012-06-10	And this is the problem. Robb made a decision that could considerably weaken his new kingdom, he's not going to be the only one paying so he doesn't really come off as good in this.book!Robb made the same decision. There were other honorable ways but he chose the girl he liked. So? Why is he more honorable? Because Jeyne was a highborn Westeros girl?No it's not a good decision but he made it to purposely hurt all those people? No.it's called "not thinking clearly" ... "clouded judgement"... "doing a mistake"... gosh.. it happen!I honestly really don't give a shit what his mom said or didn't say, Robb did indeed know the possible consequences, but instead chose to remind himself and his mother that she had sinned and used that to nullify her argument. He knew what the right path was and he chose otherwise.Yeah, he was angry. He was arguing with her and when she said he was being reckless he dared to reply with a "look who's talking!" and so? This mean that he thinks that he is not being reckless or that she was wrong on that point? No. It just emphasized the fracture in their relationship.Yep, he knows the possibile consequences. He knows that the Freys will be angry and that maybe he will lose some men but maybe he also -wrongly- believe that he can find a way to fix it... at least it was like this in the books ... let's see what he thinks in the show. For sure the possibility of the RW never crossed his mind, it is really a disproportionate reaction.You are willing to accept his actions and on some level think that because it was for love it was understandable. I do not. That's a gap that can't be bridged imo.Love was one of the reasons in the books too but for some reason only s!Robb is being criticized for it... Anyway yes, love to me CAN be a good reason but NOT always. We have to look at the situation. Why he needs Talisa? Because he is horny? No (at least IMO) it really is not just about love here.I understand him because I know what it means to reach a breaking point because overwhelmed by the responsabilities put upon me too soon... it's really really a bad place.
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 10 June 2012 - 08:55 PM.
1915	Arya Nymeria Stark	2012-06-10	Ned Stark prayed to the Old Gods while Catelyn prayed to the Seven, but neither one offended the other. I think Robb and Jeyne would each be okay with the other praying to whichever god(s) they feel most comfortable with.
1916	Dio Forel	2012-06-10	Robb may not have been an evil person at heart, but his decision was evil. I mean, this is Walder Frey. The only reason he even goes with Robb is because Robb is the only person that hasn't offended him at that moment. Robb  created a situation where he could lose a significant portion of his men in the middle of a war with a man known to not take any prisoners. I mean, it's so terribly irresponsible it's not even funny.You're looking at intentions here, but both Ramsay and Robb knew that they were causing harm, one admitted to himself, the other plays it off. And at the end of the day Robb's actions were more potentially destructive than Ramsay's either way. I don't think that the distinction between good person willingly doing evil and evil person doing evil are that meaningful here.The reason he goes with Robb is because he basically bribed Cat actually... Real honorable... he couldve just let them cross but no.. he had to follow through on his selfish ways... And again terribly irresponsible is evil as a technicality because of what the actual definition of evil is.... but it is in no way malicious... Robb is ignorant so does not fully understand the repercussions of his actions. As for comparing Robb to Ramsay.... really?  Lets get away from the books.. would you consider some sadistic murderer the same as some kid in college that cheats on a girlfriend and causes a double murder?  Intent is an absolute factor.... sorry but a young guy being stupid is not the same as a psychopath.. Again remember he was thrust into this position due to his fathers murder but not because he was mentally capable of running a kingdom.  He had his facade of a King in the North but the fact is he was a naive, inexperienced and stupid kid forced into a position of power.  His mistakes are understandable and he tried to fix them afterwards.  Ramsay knew his mistakes... loved them... and looked forward to making more of them.  Where is this similarity you see?
1917	s_Xi	2012-06-10	Book!Robb was judging his mother by the same standard he expected to be judged. Show!Robb holds her to a different standard.B!Robb used her mother mistake as protection. He staged all the love thing so she wouldn't attack him...or judge him too hard. And he succeeded. Cat was actually impressed. She couldn't do nothing but accept it.If Book!Robb had acted the same way he would have been no different than Show!Robb. I usually sympathize is for people based on what I know abut them and their situation, don't you?Yep, but to judge we also have to take in consideration everything including the fact that Cat/Robb relationship in the show is more damaged at this point and Robb's reactions reflect this.Show!Robb is justifying his act by shifting the blame to his dead father and mother. But I agree that he might gain some of my sympathy back if he apologizes to her mother and look sufficiently contrite.No. He never said that it is their fault. He never even implied it.  Ned's death, Theon and Cat's betrayals--etc made him look at the honor&duty thing with different eyes , yes,  but his choices are  his and his alone I really don't understand why you insist in saying that he blames them. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  What they were arguing about is important, not the simple act of arguing.Exactly and they were arguing if 'love' was a good reason to do something not-so-correct and his duty towards his men.Don't be too melodramatic. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  In her station treason is only meaningful against Robb, his king. We are not talking about nation states.Karstark had no justification for trying to murder his king's prisoner. Show!Cat's act is treason only if Robb himself agrees with Jaime and as a consequence his sisters being killed. Don't mix book and show, Show!Cat made a choice in crisis as she should. Whether Robb considers this against or in accordance with his will as King is only and only his choice.One can argue Show!Cat is willing to take the blame for the political well being of his son. This does mean that it is politically expedient to punish her, but this does not mean he is right to actually blame her.It's not being melodramatic. It was treason. She acted behind his back. Overstepped her role. Released a valuable prisoner. Almost caused another riot (is it the right word?) in the camp. Robb as a King had all the reasons to be angry at her and "punish" her ... Robb as her son had all the reasons to feel betrayed and be angry at her.He is implying that by rubbing it in to her mother, showing her that she can't stop her, that he is not there to listen to her consul, but to blame her for his own feeling of guilt.What?!? Have we seen the same scene? When he blamed her? Where he was implying all that? Show me! Yeah... you're right that's why he looked so satisfied and pleased during their argument! /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> Gosh....A moral coward not a coward. He admits what he is doing is wrong . Then tries to shift the blame to others to paint himself blameless.He is blaming his mother and father. Oh, if only his honorable father was not so inconsiderate to get murdered or her mother didn't try to both save her sisters and stop his lords from deserting by accepting the consequences, then he wouldn't have to forsake honor. Oh, the cruel world!Again he is not blaming no one.So for you book!Robb wouldn't have married Jeyne if she was from Volantis?The Starks' sense of honor only applies to the highborn Westeros girl then? Woah... I didn't know it. Silly me. /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 10 June 2012 - 10:59 PM.
1918	Castel	2012-06-10	As for comparing Robb to Ramsay.... really?Look up, someone else started the comparison. Your analogy is not the same because that kid may not have known the potentially catastrophic consequences of cheating. If he did he is absolutely required to pull back from cheating.  But you're right though, the major difference between someone like Ramsay and say, Robb is that Robb is willing to try to change. The problem is of course, that Robb shouldn't have made the mistake in the first place-he knew better-, and in that moment, his selfish actions could have consequences worse than anything one lone psychopath did.  One is clearly less useful to society because he is unrepentant, but in this case it was the other  guy that did more damage,As for Walder Frey, I honestly don't see what his honor has to do with the situation, this isn't a game of "all's fair" or we're even. As it stood Lord Walder could have withdrawn his men for the slight, whether he was honorable or not is irrelevant to the possible retribution he can seek out.
1919	Istakhr	2012-06-10	Sorry for coming back, just a point about the ASoIaF and its faux medieval setup. I am not a book scholar so everyone, if I am wrong please feel free to correct me.So for you book!Robb wouldn't have married Jeyne if she was from Volantis?The Stark sense of honor only applies to the highborn Westeros girl then? Woah... I didn't know it. Silly me. /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />A lord having consensual sex with a commoner does not dishonor her.A highborn lady who has lived as a camp follower would already be considered dishonored. A lord having consensual sex with her does not doubly dishonor her or anything.Sorry, Westrosi do call Starks moral and honorable, but their concepts of morality and honor are not very nice things. Let's just say they do not understand most of the human rights. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  And indeed like any other highborn in a medieval setting they are hypocritical enough not believe all or even most other humans deserve the same rights as they do. In my view since we do not have his POV, Book!Robb in the Book settings might have married TV show Talisa of Volantis if they have slept together. (Let's ignore the fact that she would be dead long before she got a chance to meet Robb much less sleep with him) But this would not have been because of Stark sense of honor.Indeed even marriage to Jeyne Westerling being a result of Stark honor is debatable.
1920	lojzelote	2012-06-11	Again, I've seen no real evidence that according to the Stark honor Robb absolutely had to marry Jeyne regardless of prior commitment and obligations. That was his choice, not something absolutely demanded under all circumstances by the honor code.Otherwise, how do you explain that Brandon Stark had sex with Lady Dustin yet didn't marry her? If that was so paramount for the Starks, shouldn't he have done it? And either Brandon or Ned also had sex with Ashara Dayne according to Barristan Selmy, yet didn't marry her either. How come if the Stark code of honour was so clear on this as you claim?(What makes you think that Brandon Stark was honourable? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> We didn't hear any praise on him. Only that he always took what he wanted and had 'wolf blood'.)In my personal opinion, the number of people who know that the girl isn't a virgin anymore makes all the difference.I've never got an impression that Brandon Stark/Barbrey Ryswell has ever been public knowledge. Probably only three people knew about it: Barbrey, Brandon, Lord Ryswell (and some serving men, probably, but who cares about them). Lysa Tully lost her virginity to Petyr Baelish. Lysa, Petyr, Hoster and Maester at Riverrun know about it. Later Jon Arryn, because Hoster gives the pregnancy as evidence of Lysa's fertility. It certainly wasn't a public secret - not even Lysa's own sister knew about it. Nobody but Jaime and Cersei knew about what Jaime and Cersei were doing when they were alone. Ashara is a special case, because she was, well, Dornish. They don't care about bride's innocence as much as the rest of Westeros. Ashara's problem probably was that the moon tea failed. (I would bet my shoes it was Brandon.)Then there is Delena Florent, who was found in a compromising situation by Stannis Baratheon and Selyse Florent (not exactly people who wil be silent about it) and what's worse, King Bob got her pregnant. Her reputation was completely ruined. The Florents were very prosperous House at the time, but Delena was forced to marry her father's houseld knight.We don't know how exactly Robb/Jeyne happened, but if she stayed in his room all night, then someone may have taken note of it and the following day it could have been common knowledge at Crag. Or maybe someone walked in on them. We don't know. But what would happen to Jeyne then? The Westerlings were much poorer House than the Florents. What's more, she slept with the enemy.If I were Robb, I would offer her to one of my vassals. With financial compensation for the 'spoiled goods', of course. Unfortunately, this is something what goes against the Stark perception of honour. (Well, Ned's and Robb's, at least.)I don't think Robb made the right decision, but I can see where he was coming from.
					
					
							Edited by lojzelote, 11 June 2012 - 07:14 AM.
1921	Ghost Rider	2012-06-11	A lord having consensual sex with a commoner does not dishonor her.A highborn lady who has lived as a camp follower would already be considered dishonored. A lord having consensual sex with her does not doubly dishonor her or anything.Exactly. And that's why Book!Robb would not have married Talisa, camp follower of unknown origins just like he would not have married a common whore. Such a thing would be inconceivable even to Book!Robb. That's why he emphasizes the noble origins of Jeyne Westerling's family so strongly. He tries to justify his actions somewhat by pointing out that she in fact is a better match for the King in the North then the comparably less noble Freys.We know of a character of course who did marry a common girl - only to find out that this marriage counted for nothing.Sorry, Westrosi do call Starks moral and honorable, but their concepts of morality and honor are not very nice things. Let's just say they do not understand most of the human rights. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  And indeed like any other highborn in a medieval setting they are hypocritical enough not believe all or even most other humans deserve the same rights as they do.They basically believe that human beings are created fundamentally different and accordingly with a different purpose in life. That's why nobles and commoners do not mix in that conception. Even today you will find that people usually marry in their own social stratum or not very far off. The prince being conquered by the beauty of a girl of humble origins is just a fairytale.In my view since we do not have his POV, Book!Robb in the Book settings might have married TV show Talisa of Volantis if they have slept together. (...)Disagree with this minor point. I don't believe Book!Robb would have been quite so far gone that he would have married a common girl. He couldn't have used his "honour" justification then, because it was not his honour at stake and her honour... is not touched by sleeping with him because she isn't a noble. I also don't believe that she's a virgin. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1922	Dio Forel	2012-06-11	God... 10 months from a new episode... years from a new book.  Come on now!!!!!!!
1923	s_Xi	2012-06-12	Meaning that Jeyne is probably more than a "plot device" as you put it.The fact that I sort of filled the blanks in their story in my mind doesn't change that GRRM used her just as Robb's mistake.Basically though, I was picking up on your implied belief that Robb/Talisa is somehow more plausible than Robb/Jeyne.mhmm I said that even if I didn't love everything about R/T I enjoyed their story and that I never liked the deathnews=sex thing between R/J in the books so I was glad they didn't use it in the show. Because -if I can more or less accept it under certain circumstances- I definitely loath the idea of Robb sleeping with her just after the news ONLY because he is upset.One is "love", one is lust, it seems.R/J is up to interpretation. Between R/T I think we can say it is love.Few people can control their emotions, but he is the King, so he kind of has to. Not fair? Neither is the fact  he was born into lordship whilst the vast majority of people were born into peasantry. Sometimes life isn't fair.He is just a boy, he has to take decisions that would scare men much older than him daily, he is in the middle of a war where he can die at any moment, he lost his father, his best friend and his mother betrayed him, her sisters are captives, his brothers maybe are dead -- yeah life isn't fair..anyway - yep - you're right. He is the King and he has to.... BUT a King is just a man and wearing a crown doesn't make you infallible and perfect. It doesn't give you the strength to be always able to do the right thing and make the best decisions etc. He is human therefore he can make mistakes. We all have our limit - King or not- Robb reached it. Blame him for this is unfair.Is the honour part implied? I never got that impression.if you love someone you respect her. You don't want her considered a whore, don't you? Obviously love is the main reason.He actively sought Talisa out again and again. His needs, with all due respect, were irrelevant at that moment in time.I could agree with you if he sought Talisa with the intent to sleep with her and broke his vow. But he didn't. He was just intrigued by this different girl and when he had the chance he spent time with her. Talking.You know, I don't want to imagine the scene and the dialogue in too much detail,and IMO this is the problem of s!Robb.In the show you (I'm talking in general) can't gloss over certain aspects as you did in the book ( - when he started to like Jeyne? Before or after the night together? And if it was before why b!Robb chose to spent time and stay alone in the same room with a girl he was attracted to? I'm sure that there were other people that could nurse him. So maybe he did it because he liked her company..? - ) and therefore to justify b!Robb is easier.but it's not really too ridiculous to see how one thing led to another. Jeyne thought he needed comforting, maybe kissed him gently on the head/cheek, wherever, and Robb, with nowhere else to turn (at that moment and that time, and with all due respect to the Greatjon, I don't think that his idea of comfort is pretty desirable), overstepped the mark and blah blah.I'm going to stop now because I just feel I'm writing bad porn but I honestly don't think it's too much of a step to think that people seek physical comfort when upset. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> poor Greatjon...Anyway... no.  If that scene isn't between two stranger. But I still have problem with the fact that it happened just after the news..but  it's me.Sorry if you're offended, I was only being facetious.Nevermind.Though this really isn't a great love story I'm afraid.I agree. As I already said they didn't wrote the love story of the year. But it's also not the worst ever IMO and I liked it  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As I explained, show Robb does not have a "moment of vulnerability". He actively seeks his kryptonite out.Yes, he spent time with her but he was determined to keep his word. He never thought to broke his vow. And nothing would have happened if it wasn't for his moment of vulnerability - yes he had one. After Cat's betrayal - the last straw -he was angry, confused, hurt ... Talisa went to him and he accepted her company since he needed someone to turn to.. and we all know what happened.I also like the way that we're back to the magic "feelings system" which attributes Talisa with having an emotional impact upon Robb and Jeyne as little more than a piece of ass.Sorry, I wrote that because I -wrongly- thought you were one of those who say that Robb slept with her just because he was upset and/or married her just because he felt guilty/out of honor. And so I was trying to pointing out that the 'horny teenagers' label you used was more appropriate for that version of R/J than R/T.Again, sorry for the confusion. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />----A lord having consensual sex with a commoner does not dishonor her.A highborn lady who has lived as a camp follower would already be considered dishonored. A lord having consensual sex with her does not doubly dishonor her or anything.Yeah. But the point is that he had to choose between making this "highborn lady who is already considered dishonored" - and maybe was still a virgin - officially the King's whore (and what about their children?) or making her an "honest woman".Just because the majority wouldn't care it doesn't mean that someone else, in this case Robb, can't think differently and act consequently.
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 12 June 2012 - 05:56 AM.
1924	Ghost Rider	2012-06-12	The fact that I sort of filled the blanks in their story in my mind doesn't change that GRRM used her just as Robb's mistake.True. Robb himself was already a second tier character who wasn't explored deeply, Jeyne Westerling was even less important as a character. In a story that already has lots of important characters it's just not possible to allocate the same attention to every supporting part. What's true in the book is even more true for the show. The attention given to this budding romance took time away from main characters that would sorely have needed more.mhmm I said that even if I didn't love everything about R/T I enjoyed their story and that I never liked the deathnews=sex thing between R/J in the books so I was glad they didn't use it in the show. (...)I could definitely get behind that. Surely it was a moment of weakness for Robb when he heard the tragical news and Jeyne was probably egged on by her relatives, but it's not necessary for me because I just don't think it's that important.R/J is up to interpretation. Between R/T I think we can say it is love.Hmm, I guess you could probably argue in both cases that it wasn't love, but a crush. At least if you have a similar understanding of love. Imho, you can fall in love with someone at first sight, have a crush on him and while we may feel it's true love, it's really only hormones, we are drugged so to speak in such situations. Real love doesn't develop until later when the crush is finally gone and you can see the person you love without rosetinted glasses. So I would argue in neither cases is it love.anyway - yep - you're right. He is the King and he has to.... BUT a King is just a man and wearing a crown doesn't make you infallible and perfect. It doesn't give you the strength to be always able to do the right thing and make the best decisions etc. He is human therefore he can make mistakes. We all have our limit - King or not- Robb reached it. Blame him for this is unfair.Everybody faces temptations, people who are in a long standing relationship will know what I mean. We may even fall in love with another person, experience the rush of hormones in our blood that makes us scream, this is the right person for you and none other. Thankfully, we can be rational as well, we mustn't be slaves to our feelings. As such we are able to controll these feelings if we really want to knowing as we do that very likely they will pass. We must decide in such situations, what's more important: your crush or your relationship or to apply this to Robb: your crush or your kingdom.I could agree with you if he sought Talisa with the intent to sleep with her and broke his vow. But he didn't. He was just intrigued by this different girl and when he had the chance he spent time with her. Talking.Ah yes... the innocence! He was intrigued because he had a crush on her, no other reason. And if you have a crush on someone, you desire him/her more then anything. This person occupies your mind day and night, you think him or her to be really special. But... if you know that such a relationship is not possible (e.g. because you are already promised to someone else...), you know that you are playing with fire when you seek the company of that person. Because there is only one medicine against a crush: keep away from that person until it's gone! Unless you want to burn of course. But then you have to live with the consequences and you are not blameless. It's not even a momentary lapse in such a case, it's premeditated, because it's your decision to pursue a relationship with that person.In the show you (I'm talking in general) can't gloss over certain aspects as you did in the book ( - when he started to like Jeyne? Before or after the night together? And if it was before why b!Robb chose to spent time and stay alone in the same room with a girl he was attracted to? I'm sure that there were other people that could nurse him. So maybe he did it because he liked her company..? - ) and therefore to justify b!Robb is easier.I have the sneaking suspicion that in the books the Westerlings sent her to him, same as Alys Karstark was sent to get to know Robb or Lady Dustin to Brandon Stark. It also shows regard for their "guest" that the noble daughter cares for him. Btw, I don't think we should imagine Jeyne Westerling as the type of nurse, Talisa seems to be. I guess "nursing" just means bringing him food and drink and such stuff, maybe playing him a song.Yeah. But the point is that he had to choose between making this "highborn lady who is already considered dishonored" - and maybe was still a virgin - officially the King's whore (and what about their children?) or making her an "honest woman".Well, if they wanted to argue that they should have made her a highborn lady. Talisa neither looks the highborn lady nor does she act like one (roaming around in a military camp!!!). Should that be the reasoning of the show, please tell me so in the show. We got nothing! Instead crush --> sex --> marriage, without explanation even though in my eyes and even more so in the eyes of Westerosi, one doesn't necessarily follow from the other.There is virtually no reason for marriage. Talisa comes from Volantis, a place Westerosi care nothing about. She has no known connections, she could just as well be a whore claiming to be nobleborn! By marrying a woman of such background, he is sure to become the butt of jokes, similar to Tywin Lannister's father. He disgraces his family with such a connection, on top of not keeping his word and dishonouring himself by that. In the world of ASOIAF Talisa would never be recognized as the Queen in the North, even if Robb married her, because she doesn't bring anything to the table. She is raised by him from zero to everything and that would make her, guess what, in the eyes of Northern nobles who would be seriously pissed because Robb didn't bother to care for contracts he himself made just because of a meaningless crush.
1925	s_Xi	2012-06-12	The attention given to this budding romance took time away from main characters that would sorely have needed more.I partially agree. I liked their decision to show us the girl , make us know her a little more than in the books but I would have handled it a little differently. For example some scenes could have been more 'subtle' (I hope it's the right word) and they could have dedicated more screentime to what Robb-the-King was doing or other things.Hmm, I guess you could probably argue in both cases that it wasn't love, but a crush. At least if you have a similar understanding of love. Imho, you can fall in love with someone at first sight, have a crush on him and while we may feel it's true love, it's really only hormones, we are drugged so to speak in such situations. Real love doesn't develop until later when the crush is finally gone and you can see the person you love without rosetinted glasses. So I would argue in neither cases is it love.eh... what is 'true' love?A 'lasting relationship' needs time and work I agree but when you can start to call your feelings for someone love and believe in your relationship? When the 'emotional connection' between two people is enough to be something more than hormones? Is it something that can be already there waiting to evolve or that need necessarily time to exist?Anyway we can say that in both cases it was just a crush but this doesn't change their perception that it's love and the fact that their action reflect this. And so we have to judge them for what they are: two young people in a critical situation struggling with the crushing force of 'first love' feelings. Not two people who rationally chose a crush over everything else.Everybody faces temptations, people who are in a long standing relationship will know what I mean. We may even fall in love with another person, experience the rush of hormones in our blood that makes us scream, this is the right person for you and none other. Thankfully, we can be rational as well, we mustn't be slaves to our feelings. As such we are able to control these feelings if we really want to knowing as we do that very likely they will pass. We must decide in such situations, what's more important: your crush or your relationship or to apply this to Robb: your crush or your kingdom.Oh, I know what temptation is. But it's not just that. We have to look at everything. Your rationality - unless you are a robot - CAN be compromised in certain situations and we can say that Robb at the moment is in the middle of an existential crisis.Could have he done the right thing anyway? Maybe, but he didn't. Is he a bad person for this? No. Has he fucked up royally? Yes.(Assuming that they will follow the books) Will he understand his mistake? Yes. Will he try to fix it? Yes. For breaking an -extorted- marriage vow could  have he predicted something like the RW? Does he deserves it? Hell no!Ah yes... the innocence! He was intrigued because he had a crush on her, no other reason. And if you have a crush on someone, you desire him/her more then anything. This person occupies your mind day and night, you think him or her to be really special. But... if you know that such a relationship is not possible (e.g. because you are already promised to someone else...), you know that you are playing with fire when you seek the company of that person. Because there is only one medicine against a crush: keep away from that person until it's gone! Unless you want to burn of course. But then you have to live with the consequences and you are not blameless. It's not even a momentary lapse in such a case, it's premeditated, because it's your decision to pursue a relationship with that person.I understand what you mean.He deliberately chose to spend time with her, yes. But it's not the same as planning to sleep with her and break his vow (now that is what I'd call something premeditated) since one thing doesn't necessarily lead to the other.The point is that he didn't slept with Talisa just because he couldn't resist her any longer. He slept with her in a moment of vulnerability. We don't know what would have happened if Robb didn't reached his breaking point.Well, if they wanted to argue that they should have made her a highborn lady. Talisa neither looks the highborn lady nor does she act like one (roaming around in a military camp!!!).Is it so absurd for someone to think and act differently from the rest of the people? I can believe in a lady who, using her medical knowledge, chose to dedicate her life to help others or something like that. Anyway let's see if what Talisa said it's true or not. ( Malaquo Maegyr isn't one of the Triarchs of Volantis? Maybe there is a reason behind the writers choice? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> )By marrying a woman of such background, he is sure to become the butt of jokes, similar to Tywin Lannister's father. He disgraces his family with such a connection, on top of not keeping his word and dishonouring himself by that.It's not like Tytos who was always considered a weak man and never respected. Robb is different. He's imposing himself and already has a better reputation than him. This slip will be shocking , yes, people will talk but they will really lose their respect for him?Anyway we will see how he will handle the consequences and his men ...In the world of ASOIAF Talisa would never be recognized as the Queen in the North, even if Robb married her, because she doesn't bring anything to the table. She is raised by him from zero to everything and that would make her, guess what, in the eyes of Northern nobles who would be seriously pissed because Robb didn't bother to care for contracts he himself made just because of a meaningless crush.And what Jeyne - the daughter of one of the bannermen of their enemy- brought to the table? Her title and 'honor', a lot of troubles (since their union is a direct affront to the Lannisters) and 60 men?( For the record I'm NOT saying that what S!Robb did isn't a bad idea.. because it IS the most stupid thing he could have done /closedeyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':closedeyes:' /> ... )
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 13 June 2012 - 01:33 AM.
1926	Burt Clegane	2012-06-13	*slaps head on table*
It isn't credible to suggest that Robb's wife wouldn't be recognised as the Queen of the North. The kid has never lost a battle. He's a Stark of Winterfell. Only the Frey's took offence and did so in a dramatic and over-the-top way. 
The TV show is building up Talisa so the the Red Wedding is even more dramatic and terrifying on screen than it was in the book. It wouldn't even surprise me if we as an audience were given clues that she was pregnant in the episodes just before the Red Wedding (if that is GRRM's intention).
1927	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-13	The fact that I sort of filled the blanks in their story in my mind doesn't change that GRRM used her just as Robb's mistake.Yet that doesn't make her solely a "plot device". If Jeyne is just a plot device, she probably won't appear in the last two books, because her story is done. Her story being to be Robb's donwfall. Now, given the various theories surrounding her and the fact she's still alive, that doesn't scream "plot device only" to me. I mean, if we wanted to be blunt, both Ned and Robb could be seen as little more than plot devices. Ned uncovers for the reader the incestuous children which set the War into action, while Robb grants the Northerners a taste of independence and further hatred of the Lannisters and Freys. However, you and I both know they're more than that.mhmm I said that even if I didn't love everything about R/T I enjoyed their story and that I never liked the deathnews=sex thing between R/J in the books so I was glad they didn't use it in the show. Because -if I can more or less accept it under certain circumstances- I definitely loath the idea of Robb sleeping with her just after the news ONLY because he is upset.He didn't meet her that very night you know.R/J is up to interpretation. Between R/T I think we can say it is love.R/J certainly isn't open to interpretation if you read the Catelyn ASOS chapters.He is just a boy, he has to take decisions that would scare men much older than him daily, he is in the middle of a war where he can die at any moment, he lost his father, his best friend and his mother betrayed him, her sisters are captives, his brothers maybe are dead -- yeah life isn't fair..anyway - yep - you're right. He is the King and he has to.... BUT a King is just a man and wearing a crown doesn't make you infallible and perfect. It doesn't give you the strength to be always able to do the right thing and make the best decisions etc. He is human therefore he can make mistakes. We all have our limit - King or not- Robb reached it. Blame him for this is unfair.Yet being a king does decree upon the ruler a degree of responsibility. Book King Robb takes this responsibility seriously, hence why his reasons for breaking said responsibilities were so grave, and why he was genuinely remorseful about his actions. He felt guilty about betraying his responsibilities.Show Robb keeps on testing his limits when he's clearly aware that he's coming close to having them breached (this is why the decision to take away the deaths of B/R and Theon's betrayal as motive was so stupid), and then shows little or no remorse towards either his mother for treating her like a bitch, or for shrugging his shoulders and saying "fuck the Freys".Robb is not infallible or perfect, I think the book's portray this perfectly well. However, the show is making him much less infallible or distant from perfection than he should be or is. Show Robb's limitations make him a far weaker man than Book Robb.if you love someone you respect her. You don't want her considered a whore, don't you? Obviously love is the main reason.Yes but love and honour are two seperate things, especially within the feudal context. Talisa's name and stature are never seen as being a factor in show Robb's decision.I could agree with you if he sought Talisa with the intent to sleep with her and broke his vow. But he didn't. He was just intrigued by this different girl and when he had the chance he spent time with her. Talking.I and I imagine many others have spent time talking to girls we were intrigued by. Sometimes we'd probably seek them out with the intention of talking all through the night, but as interesting as this person may be, I imagine we all knew what the end game would most likely be. If he knew that he was getting more and more attracted to Talisa and was on the verge of breaking his vow, then he should have distanced himself from her. To do otherwise is moronic.and IMO this is the problem of s!Robb.In the show you (I'm talking in general) can't gloss over certain aspects as you did in the book ( - when he started to like Jeyne? Before or after the night together? And if it was before why b!Robb chose to spent time and stay alone in the same room with a girl he was attracted to? I'm sure that there were other people that could nurse him. So maybe he did it because he liked her company..? - ) and therefore to justify b!Robb is easier.It's got nothing to do with justification really, it's just I don't want to write bad porn. Men in general are awful at writing sex scenes, and I don't imagine I'd be the exception to the rule. There's no glossing over to do because I imagine we take Robb at pretty much face value. Yes, we can never know for sure, but book scenario is still far more plausible./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> poor Greatjon...Anyway... no.  If that scene isn't between two stranger. But I still have problem with the fact that it happened just after the news..but  it's me.Indeed, it's you. I am very much of the opinion that for many physical comfort is almost a prerequisite of coping with extreme sadness, rightly or wrongly.I agree. As I already said they didn't wrote the love story of the year. But it's also not the worst ever IMO and I liked it  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I agree, it's not a certain teenage book series about vampires bad. However, it would not be out of place in any average rom-com, and snobbish or otherwise, I think GOT should aspire to be better than that if they're going to radically change a character and his storyline.Yes, he spent time with her but he was determined to keep his word. He never thought to broke his vow. And nothing would have happened if it wasn't for his moment of vulnerability - yes he had one. After Cat's betrayal - the last straw -he was angry, confused, hurt ... Talisa went to him and he accepted her company since he needed someone to turn to.. and we all know what happened.Cat's betrayal barely seemed to register on him, nor did Winterfell and Theon really. It felt so underwhelming. His moment of vulnerability was not really that vulnerable. Not only that, but I think I'm right in saying that he had floated his betrothal past Talisa (or she had done the same to him) suggestively in the earlier part of the episode. He knew he was falling and didn't stop himself.Again, sorry for the confusion. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />It's fine.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 13 June 2012 - 09:15 AM.
1928	Castel	2012-06-13	It's not like Tytos who was always considered a weak man and never respected. Robb is different. He's imposing himself and already has a better reputation than him. This slip will be shocking , yes, people will talk but they will really lose their respect for him?Indeed it will. And keep in mind that Robb is a rebel, if he ever needed alliances people will know that he's changeable and driven by lust/love.
1929	Burt Clegane	2012-06-13	A King motivated by lust? How far fetched a prospect in aSoIaF.
1930	Lord Over	2012-06-13	A King motivated by lust? How far fetched a prospect in aSoIaF. No, but a King who breaks his vows is even worse. Remember why Aegon the unworthy was so hated? Every Robb defenders seems to be missing the point. Book Robb at least shows regret and tries to lessen the fallout of his mistake because he realizes what a grave insult to break your vows so openly. Why bother 'tricking' Catleyn if there was nothing to be ashamed of and 'I lowv her'? TV-Robb might as well take a mic and start going all Eminem "Fuck all of you, fuck you if doubt me, I'mma sex this foreign low-born woman and I'll say it proudly!". The audacity and brazenness of it, knowing what we know but THEIR feudal society (and yes, get it through your heads that it is their society not OURS) is just shocking...Jaime said "Robb won the war on the field and lost it in a bed"...I'll go as far to change it into "Robb won it on a field and lost it on some muddy hill."
1931	YTDN	2012-06-13	I'm sure when we get round to next season we'll see Robb trying to make amends for breaking his vow to the Freys. We just haven't got to that part yet.
1932	Castel	2012-06-13	I'm sure when we get round to next season we'll see Robb trying to make amends for breaking his vow to the Freys. We just haven't got to that part yet.No doubt. I'm saying that breaking one's word for a common woman will not make you look like a good potential alliance. No other king in the series did this, even Joffrey had to have some sort of performance excusing him.
1933	Dio Forel	2012-06-13	I'm sure when we get round to next season we'll see Robb trying to make amends for breaking his vow to the Freys. We just haven't got to that part yet.This is the point I have mentioned lol.  Lets give it time to actually have him show remorse.  Kinda like in the books where he tried to make amends...he will do the same in the show.  And as we all know he will fail miserably.
1934	Dio Forel	2012-06-13	No doubt. I'm saying that breaking one's word for a common woman will not make you look like a good potential alliance. No other king in the series did this, even Joffrey had to have some sort of performance excusing him.Eh Robert had like 5,000,000 bastards and I am pretty sure a lot of the women were pretty common. Cersei had an affair with her twin brother, thats loyalty inspiring.  Joffrey is too asexual to break his vows for a common woman, although his actions dont exactly draw you in to want to follow him.  Ned had an affair as well.  I dont get how it matters if the woman is common or not.  Renly was kingish and was having affairs with men.  Targs had affairs with relatives.  Stannis is clearly having an affair with a red witch.  Lysa Arryn was hittin it with Littlefinger.  In those days just about everybody was sleeping around... whether it was with boys.. girls.. siblings.. animals who knows in this series.  I think the people in this thread care more for Robbs act of indiscretion than just about everybody (aside from Cat & Walder) else in the books.  Picture yourself being betrothed to a female Frey... I think anybody in their right mind would understand Robb goin elsewhere.  I wouldve too.
1935	Castel	2012-06-13	Eh Robert had like 5,000,000 bastards and I am pretty sure a lot of the women were pretty common. Cersei had an affair with her twin brother, thats loyalty inspiring.  Joffrey is too asexual to break his vows for a common woman, although his actions dont exactly draw you in to want to follow him.  Ned had an affair as well.  I dont get how it matters if the woman is common or not.  Renly was kingish and was having affairs with men.  Targs had affairs with relatives.  Stannis is clearly having an affair with a red witch.  Lysa Arryn was hittin it with Littlefinger.  In those days just about everybody was sleeping around... whether it was with boys.. girls.. siblings.. animals who knows in this series.  I think the people in this thread care more for Robbs act of indiscretion than just about everybody (aside from Cat & Walder) else in the books.  Picture yourself being betrothed to a female Frey... I think anybody in their right mind would understand Robb goin elsewhere.  I wouldve too.No one gives a shit about the affair, breaking one's word on a betrothal and alliance is the issue.No one else did that, except Joffrey, who had a whole song and dance to justify it.
1936	Dio Forel	2012-06-13	No one gives a shit about the affair, breaking one's word on a betrothal and alliance is the issue.No one else did that, except Joffrey, who had a whole song and dance to justify it.Ah... I see.  So its okay to have blatant affairs when you are already bound by wedding vows in the eyes of the respective gods and the people.  Its okay to commit adultery when you have children already.  Its okay to commit adultery with your own family.  But a kid breaking a vow on a betrothal after hes basically gone through some of the most traumatic things anybody could ever go through...being forced into ruling/leading.. now THAT is a travesty and entirely shocking!I bet if Robb married the Frey girl... then after they were married and had a kid.... then he cheated on the Frey girl with Talisa/Jeyne.  By your logic thatd be okay right?  The Freys would be cool with it... it would be acceptable tossing her to the side while Robb snuck out to sleep with another girl.  Because its not a betrothal, its an actual marriage.  So its okay there.  Damn Robb for not waiting until he was already married!  Again... needless to say that the basis of the books is it was a kid who made a dumb mistake.. they aged him up because on TV its more realistic to have a young adult sleeping around like that vs a young teen.  Its the same story they had to follow in essence... Why is it so shocking here?
1937	Castel	2012-06-13	I bet if Robb married the Frey girl... then after they were married and had a kid.... then he cheated on the Frey girl with Talisa/Jeyne.  By your logic thatd be okay right?  The Freys would be cool with it... it would be acceptable tossing her to the side while Robb snuck out to sleep with another girl.  Because its not a betrothal, its an actual marriage.  So its okay there.  Damn Robb for not waiting until he was already married!  Again... needless to say that the basis of the books is it was a kid who made a dumb mistake.. they aged him up because on TV its more realistic to have a young adult sleeping around like that vs a young teen.  Its the same story they had to follow in essence... Why is it so shocking here? Not my logic. In the books plenty of men cheated and it was accepted or brushed off. The number of men that break their betrothals or their sworn word on the other hand... The former don't appear at all apart from Robb and the latter are ridiculed. I'm not making a personal argument here so you attaching it to me and jumping on me is missing the point, Westerosi are willing to put up with a certain amount of whoring,, breaking a sworn word is something else.Why is it so shocking here?If you read my post you will notice a conspicuous absence of any mention of how shocking this plot twist is. In fact, the only thing in my post was there to point out that breaking one's word is a much bigger deal than adultery or sex before a marriage which may not even technically be a big deal.EDIT: IN WESTEROS (just to avoid any misunderstandings)
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 13 June 2012 - 11:49 PM.
1938	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-14	Ah... I see.  So its okay to have blatant affairs when you are already bound by wedding vows in the eyes of the respective gods and the people.  Its okay to commit adultery when you have children already.  Its okay to commit adultery with your own family.  But a kid breaking a vow on a betrothal after hes basically gone through some of the most traumatic things anybody could ever go through...being forced into ruling/leading.. now THAT is a travesty and entirely shocking!I bet if Robb married the Frey girl... then after they were married and had a kid.... then he cheated on the Frey girl with Talisa/Jeyne.  By your logic thatd be okay right?  The Freys would be cool with it... it would be acceptable tossing her to the side while Robb snuck out to sleep with another girl.  Because its not a betrothal, its an actual marriage.  So its okay there.  Damn Robb for not waiting until he was already married!  Again... needless to say that the basis of the books is it was a kid who made a dumb mistake.. they aged him up because on TV its more realistic to have a young adult sleeping around like that vs a young teen.  Its the same story they had to follow in essence... Why is it so shocking here?Marriage between the nobility of Westeros is about politics, not love. Young women are typically married off to men of any age in order to secure political integration between families. The occasional powerful woman will be married off to a younger man for the same reason.'Cheating' on your fiance is not a big deal at all. Even cheating on your wife isn't a big deal, although it's not something that you want to advertise. You can't think of marriages between the Point of View characters as anything close to what we are used to today. That's not the way things worked in feudal society and it's not the way it works in Westeros.To your example, the Freys as a family power wouldnt care too much about Robb cheating on his Frey wife after they got married, so long as the Frey bride is not overtly abused. Again, you don't get to choose who you marry in feudal nobility. You marry for politics and you have affairs for love. That goes both ways, although women have little clout and have to keep their indiscretions much quieter.
1939	Dio Forel	2012-06-14	Marriage between the nobility of Westeros is about politics, not love. Young women are typically married off to men of any age in order to secure political integration between families. The occasional powerful woman will be married off to a younger man for the same reason.'Cheating' on your fiance is not a big deal at all. Even cheating on your wife isn't a big deal, although it's not something that you want to advertise. You can't think of marriages between the Point of View characters as anything close to what we are used to today. That's not the way things worked in feudal society and it's not the way it works in Westeros.To your example, the Freys as a family power wouldnt care too much about Robb cheating on his Frey wife after they got married, so long as the Frey bride is not overtly abused. Again, you don't get to choose who you marry in feudal nobility. You marry for politics and you have affairs for love. That goes both ways, although women have little clout and have to keep their indiscretions much quieter.Idk... maybe its just me.  I just feel like it wasn't exactly widely accepted Robb was a real king.  I mean yeah, great, among bannermen he is King.  But to everybody else in Westeros he was just another person fighting to be considered as such.  This is far from the typical scenario involving a King and his betrothed.  Its a boy called King by his peers, in essence,  thrust into politics and war unexpectedly and far from ready... forced by "allies" to marry a Frey to cross the bridge.  They still tried to make it up to the Freys where some nobility couldve been afforded to them.  Right now the only actual King is Joffrey (on TV at least).  Robb is a leader of an army at most. Regardless... I do not say Robb was right.  I say he was flat out wrong and stupid.  But the bottom line is we arent dealing with somebody experienced enough to be held as accountable as a lot of people on here are saying.
1940	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-15	I would say other than Joff that Robb is the only other real king. You say among his bannerman he was accepted as king. Well he is King of the North and everyone in the north has backed him so I would say that does make him king. Remember he isn't trying to be king of all of Westeros. So the opinions of everyone outside of the north hold little value. To take away his claim of King in the North anyone would have to fight and defeat him and most everyone in the north. Of which you could say for any "real king".
1941	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-15	Not my logic. In the books plenty of men cheated and it was accepted or brushed off. The number of men that break their betrothals or their sworn word on the other hand... The former don't appear at all apart from Robb and the latter are ridiculed. I'm not making a personal argument here so you attaching it to me and jumping on me is missing the point, Westerosi are willing to put up with a certain amount of whoring,, breaking a sworn word is somethingFrey had bastard after bastard and Robb is king so him sleeping with any girl he wanted would be acceptable to Frey as long as he married the Frey. Your absolutly correct!
1942	Ghost Rider	2012-06-15	No doubt. I'm saying that breaking one's word for a common woman will not make you look like a good potential alliance. No other king in the series did this, even Joffrey had to have some sort of performance excusing him.Jofferey was promised to the daughter of a "traitor" who didn't offer any political benefit (anymore). Him switching to Margaery Tyrell was a much better choice in political terms (not his decision of course /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />). So that's hardly a comparable situation. Robb marrying a common woman otoh, it's really hard to justify. Love and marriage are just not associated in the mind of people having to live in the world of ASOIAF. Even Book!Robb who was a 16 year old boy didn't try to use this particular excuse for his actions.
1943	bikie	2012-06-15	have to agree with castel... the westeros attitude towards adultery is that it's almost expected, especially in certain circumstances (war being a big one), and a husband's dealings with his wife is none of anyone's business (to a certain degree, certainly with regards to adultery), but breaking a political and allied oath is severe and unforgivable...
1944	Dementia	2012-06-15	Book:  I don't understand why some think Robb heard his brothers were dead then immediately jumped Jeyne.  Wasn't he at the Crag for weeks?  Is there a line or something I'm forgetting?
1945	David Selig	2012-06-15	^Yes, there is:Jeyne had me taken to her own bed, and she nursed me until the fever passed. And she was with me when the Greatjon brought me the news of . . . of Winterfell. Bran and Rickon.â<U+0080><U+009D> He seemed to have trouble saying his brothersâ<U+0080><U+0099> names. â<U+0080><U+009C>That night, she . . . she comforted me, Mother.â<U+0080><U+009D>
1946	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-15	Idk... maybe its just me.  I just feel like it wasn't exactly widely accepted Robb was a real king.  I mean yeah, great, among bannermen he is King.  But to everybody else in Westeros he was just another person fighting to be considered as such.  This is far from the typical scenario involving a King and his betrothed.  Its a boy called King by his peers, in essence,  thrust into politics and war unexpectedly and far from ready... forced by "allies" to marry a Frey to cross the bridge.  They still tried to make it up to the Freys where some nobility couldve been afforded to them.  Right now the only actual King is Joffrey (on TV at least).  Robb is a leader of an army at most.Regardless... I do not say Robb was right.  I say he was flat out wrong and stupid.  But the bottom line is we arent dealing with somebody experienced enough to be held as accountable as a lot of people on here are saying.It's not about whether he is king or not. ANY nobleman or woman should understand that marriages are done for political purposes. Robb's mother makes this clear to us in the show. Sansa knows this growing up. She's going to be married off to someone. She just hopes that he's powerful and handsome. But she doesnt have much choice in the matter. Even Cersei knows that this is the way things works. She's resentful of it and she berates Tyrion for it, but this is reality for the nobility in feudal society.Love and marriage are TOTALLY different things for these people. Robb acted very selfishly and very disrespectfully to the Frey's with his action. You have to think of marriages as treaties. Robb got to cross the Frey's river with all his men, and the Frey's even gave him their own soldiers as well. In return Robb swore to marry the Freys into the Starks, which would elevate the Frey house overall. Walder Frey takes a big gamble that Robb could win. it doesn't look likely at the time, and Robb is a rebel. But in the long run, if everyone survives and Robb wins, the Freys have a claim to the throne of the north. And Robb has a much better chance of winning with the Frey support. In reality it's impossible for Robb to win without them.Robb broke his word on that treaty, which is bad enough. Walder is insulted. But the worst part is that there's no way for Robb to pay back the Freys at that point. Walder had the possibility of a Frey being queen in the north. Now that Robb is married that's impossible. There's just no way for Robb to make up for what he did, or pay back his mistake.
1947	Dio Forel	2012-06-15	have to agree with castel... the westeros attitude towards adultery is that it's almost expected, especially in certain circumstances (war being a big one), and a husband's dealings with his wife is none of anyone's business (to a certain degree, certainly with regards to adultery), but breaking a political and allied oath is severe and unforgivable...Severe?  Yes.  Unforgivable?  Yes.  Worthy of a complex scheme to wipe out an entire family & friends at a staged wedding massacre?  No.Obviously to the Freys & Lannisters & Boltons this was the right move (well that and the Freys were promised absolute protection by the Lannisters)... But in the books they were plotting againt Robb together.  Clearly your logic is flawed because Robb still had people on his side that forgave him, fought for him and defended him.  He made a mistake,  a horrible one that had overwhelmingly damaging repercussions.  But had the Lannisters/Boltons & Co. not been behind the scenes playing puppeteers to orchestrate the entire scheme it would absolutely not have happened like that.  The revenge wasnt in any way honorable.  A fake assassin band during a wedding?  Unacceptable regardless of what happened.  There was no honor in any of this.  Chopping Mormont's daughter in the midsection with an axe as she goes to leave the room, this is justified?  They killed them all off like cowards.  If Robb was mature and experienced enough to understand the game he might have kept it in his pants.  Things did not go down as they would in a typical response to the breaking of a vow.  And it wasnt even a formal betrothal as it would be in those times with a ceremony or some sort of official declaration.  In those times a betrothal could be forfeited by either side... the penalty would be financial... or forfeiting a gift/dowry (of course there was no ceremony in this case).  So if we are going to use real-life references here you actually back up my point more.  The expected reaction to a breaking of a betrothal would be financial and it happened quite often.  Thats why there would be the whole ceremony for a betrothal with vows and dowries.  Betrothals could be broken by either side, and the known/accepted penalty was absolutely not a massacre.  Robb was just too naive and stupid to understand that this is more the Game he is involved in so normal repercussions do not apply.  There is a lot of irony within that since he is trying to distance himself from his father as a person.  His father was murdered because he did not understand the Game and how serious the repercussions were.  Robb died for the same thing.  Ned sighed and thought okay I will renounce my honor and take the black... the look on his face showed everything that he thought he knew about the rules did not exist and he lost the Game for it.  Robb is not a player in the Game, no matter who he tries to be.  His demise was not justified.  The reaction to his breaking his betrothal was not typical or acceptable.  Setting up a wedding and inviting Robb to show it as an act of forgiveness, then breaking all of those words and killing them was deplorable.  Robb did absolutely apologize for what he did once he arrived since he knew it was wrong (so who said no remorse?) and then they were granted guest rights.  Breaking that right was even more dishonorable, the acts of a person being controlled by an ongoing scheme to destroy the Northern Alliance.  There were even several Freys that didnt show up to the Red Wedding because they knew what was to happen was disgusting and sympathized with Robb and his cause.  And if this whole debacle was so acceptable and justified... why not just tell it how it really happened when telling the tale?  If it was so understandable by all the repercussions for Robbs actions.. wouldnt that have been the story that was told?  Robb broke his betrothal to the Freys so they avenged their honor right?  Shouldnt that have been the tale (although there was clearly no honor here)?  The story that was passed around was that Robb transformed into a wolf and savagely murdered Jinglebell then the other Northmen turned into wolves also and attacked.  Theres a reason people lie, its because the truth is damning.  So I stand by my point.  The Freys themselves even knew it was wrong hence their lie about it and having several of their own family not show up.  The Freys couldve told him they would not forgive the slight and retracted their end of the bargain.  That wouldve been acceptable and deserved.  Tricking them into a wedding under the false pretense of forgiveness then giving guest rights is shady, nothing more.  But in their defense.... it never wouldve happened without the Freys being pawns to the Lannister/Bolton/Spycer game.  The Game is what led to the massacre... not accepted definitions for honor and politics.
					
					
							Edited by Dio Forel, 15 June 2012 - 12:45 PM.
1948	Dementia	2012-06-15	^Yes, there is:Ah ha!  Thank you.
1949	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-15	...You seem to be equating the red wedding with Robb's breaking his contract with the Freys. I don't see anyone arguing that the Starks deserved to be murdered at the red wedding because of Robb's mistake. The point in the last few posts is simply that it was a big deal to break that political marriage. It's far more significant than just cheating on your wife.I certainly didnt expect the red wedding, although I wouldnt have been too surprised if the Freys captured all the Starks and turned them over to the Lannisters as political prisoners. That would have been more appropriate, and probably a better long term plan for the Freys as well. Now the Freys are cursed as bloodthirsty oathbreakers.
1950	Castel	2012-06-15	You seem to be equating the red wedding with Robb's breaking his contract with the Freys. I don't see anyone arguing that the Starks deserved to be murdered at the red wedding because of Robb's mistake. The point in the last few posts is simply that it was a big deal to break that political marriage. It's far more significant than just cheating on your wife.Exactly. I'm baffled by this sudden shifting of the goalposts.
1951	Dio Forel	2012-06-15	You seem to be equating the red wedding with Robb's breaking his contract with the Freys. I don't see anyone arguing that the Starks deserved to be murdered at the red wedding because of Robb's mistake. The point in the last few posts is simply that it was a big deal to break that political marriage. It's far more significant than just cheating on your wife.I certainly didnt expect the red wedding, although I wouldnt have been too surprised if the Freys captured all the Starks and turned them over to the Lannisters as political prisoners. That would have been more appropriate, and probably a better long term plan for the Freys as well. Now the Freys are cursed as bloodthirsty oathbreakers.Exactly. I'm baffled by this sudden shifting of the goalposts.My point is... breaking contracts/engagements was actually common and allowed... Each side has the full choice to back out.  It really isnt that big a deal in those times.  If you did it,  it just cost you financially.  It really didnt damage the morale or the allegiance of his bannermen by doing it.  Only the Freys and the Boltons.  The Red Wedding is definitely relevant in my point because you guys are acting like Robbs actions were so bad that it ended up killing so many people.  Did you not say that?  It might not have been you it may have been the other guy SerMixALot.  But your points are implying it was so bad what he did.  Bottom line is it was stupid but not a big deal.  The Lannisters just blew it up to be a big deal so it could help them to manipulate the situation to benefit them in the war, which in the end it did.  If you even look up betrothals in medieval & feudal times.... it describes them as semi-binding contracts that either party is able to back out of at any time.
1952	s_Xi	2012-06-15	Indeed it will.I don't think so. His reputation will be shaken but not destroyed.A betrothal was a semi-binding contract and at that time marriage promises were made and broken frequently depending on self-interests. Whatever his interests were, Robb wasn't the first one and for sure not the last one to do something like that.And if you add the fact that no one really wanted the Freys to be linked to the crown the problem for Robb's men isn't going to be the broken promise per se but that they actually need the Freys for the war.So they undoubtedly will be puzzled and angry but they will not lose respect for him just because he made a mistake. The bond with the majority of his men is stronger than that.And keep in mind that Robb is a rebel, if he ever needed alliances people will know that he's changeable and driven by lust/love.You mean that they will realize that a young man is reckless and that practically like every single person (kings included) in the world he has had a moment of weakness? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> What about all his strengths? They will not count  for possible alliances?  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />At the end what he will do now, how he's going to manage the situation will determine what they will think of him.Book Robb at least shows regret and tries to lessen the fallout of his mistake because he realizes what a grave insult to break your vows so openly. Why bother 'tricking' Catleyn if there was nothing to be ashamed of and 'I lowv her'?He showed regret when? How much time after his wedding? How much time passed before he realized the real implications of his mistake?We didn't saw b!Robb the day he decided to marry her and how he acted with his men. Was he sorry and regretful or just determinate to do the "honorable" thing no matter what as s!Robb was determinate to follow his heart (and IMO do the honorable thing to marry a girl he respect and doesn't want to use as a mistress)?Give him the time to actually realize what he has done and you will see his regret .TV-Robb might as well take a mic and start going all Eminem "Fuck all of you, fuck you if doubt me, I'mma sex this foreign low-born woman and I'll say it proudly!".oh gosh I actually pictured that. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
					
					
							Edited by s_Xi, 15 June 2012 - 08:26 PM.
1953	DurararaFTW	2012-06-15	My point is... breaking contracts/engagements was actually common and allowed... Each side has the full choice to back out.  It really isnt that big a deal in those times.  If you did it,  it just cost you financially.  It really didnt damage the morale or the allegiance of his bannermen by doing it.  Only the Freys and the Boltons.  The Red Wedding is definitely relevant in my point because you guys are acting like Robbs actions were so bad that it ended up killing so many people.  Did you not say that?  It might not have been you it may have been the other guy SerMixALot.  But your points are implying it was so bad what he did.  Bottom line is it was stupid but not a big deal.  The Lannisters just blew it up to be a big deal so it could help them to manipulate the situation to benefit them in the war, which in the end it did.  If you even look up betrothals in medieval & feudal times.... it describes them as semi-binding contracts that either party is able to back out of at any time.Walder Freys eldest son and heir already died for Robbs cause by the time Robb backed out on the terms that bought him their allegiance went down. The Freys were never gonna make common cause with them again, and Robb knew he needed the Twins to have any hope of taking Moat Cailin. So yeah, it is a big deal. Robb was freely giving up the North in exchange for one girls honour with that wedding.
1954	Sofokles	2012-06-23	I dont understand why they put a Volantene instead of Jeyne Westerling...
1955	Castel	2012-06-23	My point is... breaking contracts/engagements was actually common and allowed... Each side has the full choice to back out.  It really isnt that big a deal in those times.  If you did it,  it just cost you financially.  It really didnt damage the morale or the allegiance of his bannermen by doing it.  Only the Freys and the Boltons.  The Red Wedding is definitely relevant in my point because you guys are acting like Robbs actions were so bad that it ended up killing so many people.  Did you not say that?  It might not have been you it may have been the other guy SerMixALot.  But your points are implying it was so bad what he did.  Bottom line is it was stupid but not a big deal.  The Lannisters just blew it up to be a big deal so it could help them to manipulate the situation to benefit them in the war, which in the end it did.  If you even look up betrothals in medieval & feudal times.... it describes them as semi-binding contracts that either party is able to back out of at any time.Please show me where this is stated in the series. Keep in mind this isn't a bare contract. This is an agreement to rebel and possibly lose everything and Robb pulled a bait and switch it is definitely a big deal, he basically got the food without paying for it. On top of that, as the show stands, Lord Walder is Robb's ally, not vassal. He can back out over this. And seeing as show!Robb has even fewer men than in the books, losing them would be very bad and risky for his war effort.
1956	OrcusOfUndeath	2012-07-07	I could not get over this, no matter how I tried to justify it. It just doesn't make any god damned sense. Robb was very adamant, as Starks are, in their worship of the Old Gods, and in Volantis either R'hllor or some other God from the House of Black and White. And also I cringed when Rickard Karstark said that he would offer his heart to the father if he could get his son back. They really messed that up, and its been established in the series that Northmen follow the Old Gods. This is either very lazy writing or just downright stupidity on part of the writers. Its a plothole that just keeps on growing.
1957	Masamune	2012-07-09	I truly hate what they did to Robb's story arc in the show. Why HBO? WHY!? I was liking Robb up until that point. He was a good guy. Then you turned him into a complete jackass. I could understand his character in the context of the books. He was a young boy who gave into a moment of weakness after his brother's "deaths" and followed his father's footsteps by placing honour before reason. It was a foolish move but at least it made sense! So how is it that on-screen Robb, who is decidedly older than 15, is portrayed as an even bigger child than his novel counterpart? He sleeps with this foreign bootay (okay not a problem) but then decides he wants to MARRY HER.... why? Because he's in wuv with this total stranger? Because he wants to defy mumsy? the whole thing, right down to the character of Talisa herself, is like something from a bad romcom. I'm actually looking forward to the Red Wedding now. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 09 July 2012 - 07:38 AM.
1958	birdsong66	2012-07-14	Did the Starks deserve the RW?  No.  However, from a Frey/Bolton viewpoint, the easy conclusion to draw is that having formed a secret alliance with Tywin, each felt that their actions would be without consequence as Tywin is really running KL at that point in the story.  That they upped the ante and committed a full on massacre, despite a clear breach of guest right and custom, reflects exactly how secure both houses felt about their positions being under the canopy of Lannister "protection."
Ultimately, Tywin came off better than the Boltons, and specifically the Freys, despite his involvement, which, IIRC, hasn't really been illuminated.  Thus the trees are more frequently adorned with several Freys, some Boltons, and even fewer Lannister loyalists because Tywin was astute enough to arrange it as though his involvement was along the lines of "capture enemy combatants for hostages, and kill TKoTN," rather than "kill every enemy attendee, all of them to the last."
All of this is to point out the simple idea that if you believe you have the blessings of those "in charge," then every action taken subsequent is thought to have similar blessings, or will be condoned in like manner. In short, it frees you up from custom enough to imagine, develop, and partake in an egregious breach similar to, or exactly like, the RW.  There was no fear for/of Lannister reprisals. 
Obviously, they were wrong in this assumption, but cie la vie in Westeros.
1959	Morrigan	2012-07-15	I recently rewatched the entire season, wondering if I'd be less annoyed at watching the "deviations". To be honest, it was even worse. Talisa is even more annoying and her whole modern feminist sob story is so ill-fitting and atrociously written, I think I'll just fast-forward all of her scenes next time. It's just so silly when she just struts in Robb's tent, interrupting war councils and whatnot, just to say "...how are you, Your Grace?". Derp writers are derp. And the wedding was painfully cheesy, with them reciting those cringe-worthy lines (aimed at the Seven, no less, which is the religion of neither of them) in unison. Eww.All the major characters get point of view (POV) chapters. GRRM thinks so little of Robb Stark that he doesnt bother with him. At least Robb gets face time on HBO. He pretty much is the same character as in the book. Any difference one thinks there is in the book is a product of ones on imagination, not what GRRM wrote.Wait what. That takes the cake for the worst kind of argument ever posted here, I think. By this logic, Areo Hotah is a more important character to the story than Varys, the Hound, Littlefinger, Robert Baratheon, Khal Drogo, Joffrey, Lysa Arryn, or Stannis. Herpity derpity derp. You haven't thought this through, have you.
1960	Myrcella	2012-08-25	Note that the books also make this mistake quite frequently, especially with the Ironmen.
Balon Greyjoy said: "No man is as accursed in the eyes of GODS and men as the kinslayer." while we know that he's a devout Drowned God worshipper. I don't think he would have included the Storm God, seeing as how antagonized he is.
					
					
							Edited by Myrcella, 25 August 2012 - 09:20 AM.
1961	65536ob	2012-12-24	the writers are idiots. That's my reason. I excused Karstark mentioning the mother, but there's no way I'll take any excuse for the KING IN THE NORTH marrying in the name of the Seven.It's entirely possible that some northeners follow the faith of the seven, Robb's mother is a tully it's possible she could have raised him in the faith of the seven. Also Talissa/Jeyne could be a believer in the faith of the seven and he could be marrying her with the faith of the seven for her benefit.
1962	King Tommen	2012-12-26	Is this still being argued about? It's so inconsequential a detail and yet still some people are upset?  Get a life.
Not that I really care about that particular minor point but I could give a number of plausible explanations.  Here's one off the top of my head:  They want to conduct a secret, quickie marriage away from prying eyes.  They're in the Riverlands (away from the North where those who worship the Old Gods reside) so the only local priest they could get to perform the ceremony on short notice without raising any alarm was a priest of the Seven. There. Happy?
1963	Kasrith	2013-01-21	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> because they don't want to confuse the in their opinion stupid tv-viewers with 3 religions... so everyone on westeros beliefs in the faith of the seven and Stannis has R'hlorUm except we get a taste of how important the Old Gods are starting way back in 1.1 with Ned sitting below the tree...And then of course there's the Drowned GodAnd yet he didn't care that his daughter followed the seven? That one makes sense, she is so clearly her mother's daughter. Has more south in her if anything, and especially since leaving the North I don't see how that would bother him. But his heir, and the King in the North? No way..
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 21 January 2013 - 07:55 PM.
1964	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-01-21	Honestly, I'm amazed that this topic lasted 18 pages (granted with a few twists and turns in there).
Robb's wedding being in the Faith of the Seven either only makes sense in the context of them being in the Westerlands at the time, or it is a complete continuity oversight by the show runners.  Given the nature of a few of the other similar continuity errors (Karstark's use of "Mother" and "Father", for instance), it's safe to guess the latter.  Kind of hard to have more to say about it than that, isn't it?
1965	StannisandDaeny	2013-03-29	Yeah it doesn't make much sense. If you completely ignore the books though (which they seem to have done), it might? I forgot who said it, but the phrase 'by the old gods and the new' does seem to appear a couple of times spoken by various speakers, I don't think they ever established the two religions all that well, save at the wall. 
Damn you people now I'll have to rewatch season 1 and 2 entirely and just pay attention to this! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 29 March 2013 - 02:47 PM.
1966	Blaer Dayle	2013-03-16	I'll start by saying this only applies to the show, as it wasn't this way in the books, but on watching this episode again I got to thinking a thought that diminishes Robb somewhat in this version.
Joffrey is in fact more honorable in some way, because he says that he can't marry Margaery, even if it's what he wants, and even continues after being urged to do so from his mother, by saying he made a holy vow. Only when he is pardoned by the high Septon does he actually give in and set Sansa aside.
Robb on the other hand will not listen to the good counsel of his mother and keep his promise to Walder frey, simply because he doesn't know if he will love the Frey girl. Instead he still goes ahead and marries Talisa, knowing that it was the wrong thing to do and that it was dangerous to cross Walder frey.
I wish this thought hadn't occurred to me, as I don't lie what it does to Robb, or that it elevates Joffrey above any other character morally. This was a very poor writing choice in my opinion.
Thoughts?
1967	Buster	2013-03-26	Wow. You're so right. Joffrey is a saint compared to that evil Robb. All hail King Joffrey, first of his name.
1968	Lady Seaworth	2013-03-26	I always got the sense that Joffrey wasn't being reluctant because he wanted to honour the vow, but rather out of spite for Sansa. I think the vow is an excuse to keep her suffering. When the Septon declares it void, Joffrey has no choice but to break the engagement because he can't produce another convincing reason to keep her.
1969	Twentythoughts	2013-03-26	Pay attention to how theatrical and rehearsed the whole scene is. It's Joffrey actually following instructions for once. Which makes sense, because Tyrell cleavage.
1970	Tony Soprano	2013-03-26	Oh yeah, Joffrey was definitely more honorable. I mean, what could be more honorable than beheading your betrothed's father and then beat her and humiliate her in the court? 
But, that Robb...he broke his vows because of true love. Shame on him.
1971	Lady Hornwood	2013-03-26	Joffrey is in fact more honorable in some way, because he says that he can't marry Margaery, even if it's what he wants, and even continues after being urged to do so from his mother, by saying he made a holy vow. Only when he is pardoned by the high Septon does he actually give in and set Sansa aside.Thoughts?The Joffrey scene is, I believe, a play by everybody involved to present to the court that Joffrey is not an oath-breaker. In the books Sansa recalls Cersei preparing her for that scene, I guess it was pretty much the same in the show: Littlefinger and Tywin informed Cersei what Loras is going to ask, Cersei asked Pycelle to bribe the High Septon into saying that the vow does not apply and Joffrey is just playing along.
1972	Joyful Union	2013-03-26	The Joffrey scene is, I believe, a play by everybody involved to present to the court that Joffrey is not an oath-breaker. In the books Sansa recalls Cersei preparing her for that scene, I guess it was pretty much the same in the show: Littlefinger and Tywin informed Cersei what Loras is going to ask, Cersei asked Pycelle to bribe the High Septon into saying that the vow does not apply and Joffrey is just playing along.I agree. I also thought that was a great scene, because it was so obviously rehearsed, you could see how Joffrey was visibly struggling to pretend it wasnt already arranged, very well done.  To the OP, I'm assuming your trolling, you cant seriously believe this. Show Robb is definitely less honorable than Book Robb, but I actually think I admire him for it. Everyone else on the show is calling out the bullshit on vows and honour, why is it wrong when Robb does it?
1973	Heir to the North	2013-03-26	The Joffrey scene is, I believe, a play by everybody involved to present to the court that Joffrey is not an oath-breaker. In the books Sansa recalls Cersei preparing her for that scene, I guess it was pretty much the same in the show: Littlefinger and Tywin informed Cersei what Loras is going to ask, Cersei asked Pycelle to bribe the High Septon into saying that the vow does not apply and Joffrey is just playing along. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1974	oakenhelm	2013-03-27	Yup. It was complete theater and not a commentary on his character.
1975	Runaway Penguin	2013-03-27	I have to say that the scene is acted masterfully in the series - only good actors and directors can make such a piece of bad acting /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Heck, even Joffrey's gestures are artfully unnatural unnatural.
As for the OP, clear piece of trolling I'm afraid /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1976	mcb	2013-03-27	I'll start by saying this only applies to the show, as it wasn't this way in the books, but on watching this episode again I got to thinking a thought that diminishes Robb somewhat in this version.Joffrey is in fact more honorable in some way, because he says that he can't marry Margaery, even if it's what he wants, and even continues after being urged to do so from his mother, by saying he made a holy vow. Only when he is pardoned by the high Septon does he actually give in and set Sansa aside.Sounds perfectly reasoned. Then who's that little shit who had Joffrey's fiancee stripped and repeatedly beaten? young, blond, hangs out in King's Landing, sometimes wears a weird hat? Fuck, if only I could put a name to the face...
1977	teemo	2012-06-04	So what did you think of the wights?  I was hugely disappointed because I thought they looked like a group of zombies.  The person I was watching with said, "Oh, is this show going to be sort of like the Walking Dead now?"  I thought it looked goofy. ETA: and my friends have been asking me why they ignored Sam.  One thinks he has special powers.  I got nothing.  I thought that horse was cool looking though.  That was a nice touch.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 02:03 PM.
1978	Mark Antony	2012-06-04	i like the White Walkers, but the wights are terrible imo.
1979	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	I never saw the wighs as "traditional" zombies more like ressurected corpses, but without the missing flesh or their bones stuck out, it really look like a zombie movie, but with awsome leaders. Yes the WW were amazing, but they attack at daytime
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 12:50 PM.
1980	victim	2012-06-04	I love the White Walker's and I really got the impression that they were controlling the Wight's, as opposed to leading them. I'm interested in how/why they let Sam go? It clearly has something to do with the fact that he submitted to them, just as Will did in the Pilot. I think we can draw some previously unknown info on the White Walker's out of this fact as it makes them seem much more sentient and far less zombified.
1981	Morvran	2012-06-04	The wights are dead people (and animals) reanimated.  It seemed like they were a collection of undead wildlings and such and that they looked fine.  I hope they don't add a bunch of gore, because that's one of the things that separates these 'zombies' from traditional ones.  Their blood and guts are basically dried out and black.  They're like walking shells of men.
The WWs were o.k.  I wasn't crazy about the one that looked at Sam, but I loved the second one they showed with the crazy mask on his face.
1982	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-06-04	Well the Wights are zombies in essence and it is hard to come up with something very different from your everyday TV/Movie zombies since the make up artists are basically the same people who do the other shows and movies. I really liked the White Walkers though who at the end of the day are the ones that make GOT monsters different from the rest.
PS: Anybody else was waiting for a Coldhands cameo? I know he was not supposed to be there but since Sam was all alone by himself there it alluded the scene in the books.
1983	Versiroth	2012-06-04	I kind of didn't like the "walking dead shuffle" that they were doing, as I always saw them as more animated in the books, but they were way more creepy this way.   The white walker was awesome though.  It didn't make much since that he actually saw Sam sitting there and moved on, but maybe they'll open season 3 with one of them attacking him and him using the Dragon's glass.
1984	leo0274	2012-06-04	I was expecting for diferent "others"
1985	Morvran	2012-06-04	I kind of didn't like the "walking dead shuffle" that they were doing, as I always saw them as more animated in the books, but they were way more creepy this way.   The white walker was awesome though.  It didn't make much since that he actually saw Sam sitting there and moved on, but maybe they'll open season 3 with one of them attacking him and him using the Dragon's glass.I watched the end again this morning and some do the 'dead shuffle' while others walk pretty normally.  Almost like the shufflers do so because of an injury, otherwise they walk fairly normal.
1986	turdle	2012-06-04	well they're going to have to be more animated if we're going to see them in battle (although i won't be surprised if HBO skips over the battle, and oh how the internet will explode if they do), but i don't know what people expected the weights to look like. the basically ARE zombies except they don't eat people, but they're living dead.  i thought it was great.
1987	Affcwasmyfavorite	2012-06-04	I thought the zombies were just as described in the books, it was said some were missing limbs and there was even one I think missing half a head, but yes, I really hope there isnt some dick in the HBO writing room telling everyone they need to pull pointers from The Walking Dead to get more betterer ratings.
*Fingers crossed*
1988	Reposado	2012-06-04	I like the Others but hate the wights. I don't see how that horde is going to take out anyone. I never got the impression in the book that the wights shuffle along mindlessly. the opposite really
1989	sumpthy	2012-06-04	Did anyone think this was going to be a topic about which is the better adaptation? Anyone who thinks GoT is a terrible adaptation should probably read The Walking Dead then watch the show and be thankful we never got Ser T of House Dogg.
1990	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	I thought they looked good. Scary, too.
1991	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	Kinda the opposite of most here.
I didn't mind the wights at all, but hated look of the Others. Wish they were the gleaming, graceful ice warriors of the books.
1992	Puck the Goat	2012-06-04	Both looked good...
You're not always going to get a fresh, intact corpse to reanimate. Some aren't going to be very pretty. Anyone, this was a march to the battlefield, not the assault. I'm sure these guys are going to give us a good fight.
As far as the Others... I thought they looked really cool. It's how I would imagine a venerable enemy from the dark side.
1993	BlackTalon	2012-06-04	Well the Wights are zombies in essence and it is hard to come up with something very different from your everyday TV/Movie zombiesYes, what the hell are people expecting? "I am so disappointed because the wights looked like zombies!!!"They ARE zombies, how many different ways of looking are there for a reanimated body?
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 04 June 2012 - 01:53 PM.
1994	Katydid	2012-06-04	Yes, what the hell are people expecting? "I am so disappointed because the wights looked like zombies!!!"They ARE zombies, how many different ways of looking are there for a reanimated body?Not to mention the various stages of decay each of them will be in.  Some will be fresher, and perhaps more animated (like the one that attacked Mormont.)  Some will be in later stages of decomposition, and maybe the limbs and muscles don't work so well any more?
1995	int11	2012-06-04	Even though the wights are dead it doesn't mean they have to be portrayed like that."But they ARE zombies!" So what? That only means they're dead/brought back to life. How about a little imagination ... Maimed, scarred, disfigured -- sure. But walking around like the extras in a zombie comedy? Come on ... Shaun of the Dead doesn't define how animated corpses should behave.All the non-readers in my viewing party said the same. It looked lame. It doesn't fit into a show of this calibre.What a shame.
	Spoiler Think about Catelyn after she's brought back to life. Will you be happy if she goes around with her hands in front of her, eyes rolling, tongue hanging out, moaning, wobbling from side to side? Isn't that how zombies behave, though? My picture of Cat was terrifying and heart-breaking, but she didn't look like your classical zombie at all.

					
					
							Edited by int11, 04 June 2012 - 02:19 PM.
1996	Reposado	2012-06-04	just realized the genius of this scene. it was a meta reference to the amount of plot holes and illogical behavior from major characters in season 2 of GOT. they were smartly shouting out the pioneering influence that the walking dead has in plotholes and idiotic characters
1997	KingWolf	2012-06-04	But wouldn't some of the wights be shuffling around like that because of the amount of decay. Look at Othor in S1 he was walking like a living person and was fast as well, this makes sense since he was a fresh corpse. Also I noticed in the crowd of Wights some of them were walking normal so not all of them were walking like something from the walking dead. The shuffling ones probaly had missing or broken legs and were in more decay then others were. I think they did a good job with them.
edit: Also I thought the White Walkers looked pretty cool, though IMO I liked the ones in the comic the most, they most resembled what I imagined them to look like, I also missed their armor.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 04 June 2012 - 02:36 PM.
1998	TheIronCaptain	2012-06-04	The WW looked good, you could really tell the power and grace that he emmits with those eyes, you can also see that WW arent just mindless dead people but actually on par with the living. BUT, the wight just didnt fit, how exactly are they going to fight, the wights i a reader envisioned were agile not slumbering messes. well see tho. it was a little much to get a full on scene showing the other horde tho as it was never described in the books nor did we get an actual full on view of them.
1999	DragonAge93	2012-06-04	The WW didn't see Sam. If you watch the scene, you'll see the WW or the wights haven't passed the rock Sam's hiding behind. I think the WW merely sensed Sam behind the rock, and is basically doing what he did to Will: taunting and scaring him.
2000	KingWolf	2012-06-04	My only reasoning behind why the WW ignored Sam is that it didn't see him as a threat, either that or it actually didn't see him.
2001	Ghost Rider	2012-06-04	But wouldn't some of the wights be shuffling around like that because of the amount of decay. I didn't get the expression in the series that the Wights were much decayed. Afair the bodies found during the Vow ceremony looked pretty fresh, Sam even pointed out that there was no blood as there should be. That's why they looked somewhat suspicious. Anyway, that's why I used to think the WW magics stop the process of decay. And yes, they looked somewhat corny on the screen...
2002	JanusLaurent	2012-06-04	The wights are zombies... they're not ALL described as decayed but some are (polar bear reference needed)... They're zombies and didn't look silly at all to me, they looked like animated corpses, which is what they are.... the scene was fine except for Sam being seen by the WW which doesn't make sense...
2003	KingWolf	2012-06-04	I didn't get the expression in the series that the Wights were much decayed. Afair the bodies found during the Vow ceremony looked pretty fresh, Sam even pointed out that there was no blood as there should be. That's why they looked somewhat suspicious. Anyway, that's why I used to think the WW magics stop the process of decay. And yes, they looked somewhat corny on the screen...Hmm I guess that would make sense, I mean, yeah, what use would the WW have with heavily decayed corpses that can hardly move.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 04 June 2012 - 03:34 PM.
2004	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	OP.
What do you mean 'they look like zombies'? They are reanimated dead. Undead. In our world today, that's the synonym for zombie. I do not see what the problem is here.
And how do you know they shuffling and mindless? We saw how Othor moved quickly last season. These wights weren't close enough to the other black brothers. Maybe they will spring into action when they see them. Compare this to how long it took for the little girl in the prologue in S1 and Othor to react. Nothing has changed there.
And as for the mindless part of the story: every single one of the zombies carried a weapon and/or shield. Heck, I even saw one carrying a bow! You have to have at least some brain function left to be able to wield a bow, wouldn't you say? And just look at the last ten seconds of the episode, when the camera pans out over the horde. That is definitely not how zombies move!
2005	KC_Accidental	2012-06-04	The WW didn't see Sam. If you watch the scene, you'll see the WW or the wights haven't passed the rock Sam's hiding behind. I think the WW merely sensed Sam behind the rock, and is basically doing what he did to Will: taunting and scaring him.No. Before Sam see's the White Walker you clearly see a wight walking past him. Sam then peers out from the rock and see's the horse. He reacts to seeing the horse and the camera pans up to show the White Walker who turns and looks downwards, cut to Sam who is now looking upward and reacts to seeing this by having a look of utter fear on his face and then looks away. The White Walker undoubtedly saw him and he undoubtedly saw the White Walker. Even if you believe he only sensed him it does still begs the question of why didn't he do anything about it?
2006	Reposado	2012-06-04	No. Before Sam see's the White Walker you clearly see a wight walking past him. Sam then peers out from the rock and see's the horse. He reacts to seeing the horse and the camera pans up to show the White Walker who turns and looks downwards, cut to Sam who is now looking upward and reacts to seeing this by having a look of utter fear on his face and then looks away. The White Walker undoubtedly saw him and he undoubtedly saw the White Walker. Even if you believe he only sensed him it does still begs the question of why didn't he do anything about it?the walker recognized the slayer and wisely kept moving.
2007	turdle	2012-06-04	the walker recognized the slayer and wisely kept moving. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2008	The Unborn	2012-06-04	I don't get it guys. The wights (and the WW) are walking, slowly, they are not attacking anyone. Should they run each and everytime they are re-animated? They really weren't even walking like mindless zombies, they were just walking slowly. Mind you, they are dead, and stuck in snow! Just watch the scene, they are frozen corpses walking before a battle, with their weapons in hands. Until they reach the Night's Watch men, they don't have a real purpose, so why would they run ?
Sometimes I get some of the show's complaints, sometimes I don't. This time I really don't.
2009	KingWolf	2012-06-04	The WW looked like it had skin made of bark. I always imagined them as having human skin but completly white, glowing blue eyes, and that cool shimmering armor. That was the only thing I wish they had done with the WW. Give them the cool armor.
2010	The Monkey	2012-06-04	How would you portray the wights without them looking like Walking Dead zombies?
2011	Man in the Black	2012-06-04	I thought the White Walkers looked good, though I missed the armor for sure. They do not have quite the elegance that I imagined.
I found the zombies urrr wights to be pretty lame. Looked like a George Romero movie, not that I dislike Romero but slow shambling zombies always seemed more funny then threatening to me. Anything you can escape from by walking at a brisk walk is not scary. Personally always figured the wights looked like the living counterparts but all pale and glowey eyed. Like the magic that reanimated them kind of made them physically whole. Made the whole thing more threatening.
Just me. Really the only real problem I have is the shambling. I understand that not everything is going to look the way I imagined it.
2012	KingWolf	2012-06-04	I still think the wights will start really moving fast once they start fighting. Remember Othor in S1 he was pretty fast for a zombie.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 04 June 2012 - 06:54 PM.
2013	Sharpes	2012-06-04	WW's remind me of the Draugr from Skyrim. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Heh, at least the wights had weapons. Hopefully they'll be a bit more spriteful once they're engaging the NW.
2014	MyrishRug	2012-06-04	I liked the wights - particularly the horse - I agree with other posters who said some of the wights will be stronger/faster than others depending on level of decomposition. I think having half rotted, more "typical zombie" ones at the front of the crowd makes it more freaky for tv audience/Sam.
Thought the main ww was ok, fur-like skin was unexpected - thought it would be wearing armour with smooth "bone white" skin. Have found the glimpses earlier in show were more effective. 
Also I'm a believer in the film theory that something is scarier if you can't see all of it. If you had just seen the ww's eyes through a helm or if the attack was at night so Sam's POV was more shadowy, the idea of the WWs would have been more suspenseful/terrifying.  Having seen the whole shirtless, furry WW, sitting on a rotting horse in the daylight,I find some of the mystery - and fear - is lessened.
2015	Arkash	2012-06-04	I'm glad the WW where graceful, elegants, somehow like the Xenomorph in Alien: the ultimate predator, perfect, beautiful. And I sensed this power and grace from them in the show so it worked for me.
2016	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-04	Uhhh....I've kind of always pictured the wights as zombies. I mean, how could you not? They're re-animated corpses. What is a zombie if not a re-animated corpse???As far as the White Walker glancing at Sam and passing right over him...the creature/demon probably saw him as such an insignificant threat that it didn't even have to raise a finger to stop him. Kind of like the Borg.
2017	Anvilbreaker	2012-06-04	In defense of the wights, they hardly seem to be intelligent, at least beyond the basic drive to kill, so I don't know why ya'll expect more than a bunch of shambling mounds of torn flesh
2018	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	I was okay with how the Wights looked.  I mean...a zombie IS a reanimated corpse.  Not all people die in pristine condition.  If someone died because a wolf ate half of them, that is how they would reanimate.  The Others though, they looked cool, but not what I was hoping to see.
2019	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-06-04	It's good that they have variation with the White Walkers, the one of this episode looks different from the other WW we see in the army (which really is not attacking yet, so why would they hurry? We will see them attack in the next episode, I do bet!). Variation gives them character, otherwise there's the danger of them becoming "Evil Clones".
But why are there no speculations on why Sam was spared? Must be in another thread... I'm really not sure at the moment...
2020	ChristophUL	2012-06-04	I thought the they all looked really cool, especially the horse.  I want to touch the White Walker's face.  The wights seemed more active than the mopy zombies I usually see.
2021	Mad Queen	2012-06-04	It seems to me that the wights, the dragons and the shadow baby all make the same screeching noise. Couldn't they get some different sound effects?
2022	Ser Vaunt	2012-06-04	agreed, seemed weird. it's one thing for arya, a child, to want to be a faceless man so she can get revenge, its another thing for an actual faceless man to tell her she can get her revenge by becoming a faceless man. it'd be like talking to a police man and the police man tells you that YOU should become a police man so you can get back at all the people who bullied you.Could be that he said that to entice her, knowing the FM would train her out that way of thinking.Part of me still wonders if Jaqen is a rogue Faceless Man. His whole "you saved three people from dying, so that means you get to name three deaths in return" isn't repeated by any other FM, and Jaqen talks about the Red God, not the Many-Faced God. Though maybe that was part of his Jaqen identity. So who knows.
2023	Arya Nymeria Stark	2012-06-04	O M GGGG... While I do like Samwell, I just couldn't believe the Wight leader looked right at him and yet ignored him! I couldn't believe the whole 3 horn blasts thing in the book but when I saw the episode I NEVER expected to see that Wight army!
2024	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	So what did you think of the wights?  I was hugely disappointed because I thought they looked like a group of zombies.  The person I was watching with said, "Oh, is this show going to be sort of like the Walking Dead now?"  I thought it looked goofy. ETA: and my friends have been asking me why they ignored Sam.  One thinks he has special powers.  I got nothing.  I thought that horse was cool looking though.  That was a nice touch.I dont know how you can make something coming back to life not look like a zombie because that is what it is. And as for the White Walker ignoring Sam prly because he is a coward, but if I had to take a guess next season a white walker will come to kill him and he will be saved by coldhands.
2025	Myrddin	2012-06-04	When the wight army marched out of the mist, I turned to my wife and asked, "WHERE'S CARL?"
To which she replied, "Not in the house.:
2026	Catastrophe	2012-06-04	The Wights are zombies. I don't see what the problem is. Everyone I know who hasn't read the books was talking about how horrifying the final scene was.
2027	King Cheops	2012-06-04	Great scene.  Loved it!  The whole thing was pitch perfect and scared the crap out of my non-book reading wife.
2028	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-04	I watched it with my non-book reading friends and they all gasped when the wights and white walkers came into view. When they cut to Sam beyond the wall I KNEW the three blasts were coming so I was really anticipating this. It did not disappoint. 
It was pretty much what I pictured the "Attack on the First" being like when I read it in the book. The only difference was that it was nighttime. I understand why they did it in daylight (to highlight the awesome CGI of the wight army + Others) but I think it would have been downright terrifying to see them come at the dead of night.
2029	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-06-04	Yes, what the hell are people expecting? "I am so disappointed because the wights looked like zombies!!!"They ARE zombies, how many different ways of looking are there for a reanimated body?Thank you, I was waiting for this post.I was thinking I was witnessing a case of collective autism or something.They are dead people come to life.   Of all the places in fiction Westeros, and North of the Wall especially, is not a place where many die a peaceful deaths!  The ones who do are routinely burnt.  Maybe it's the slow shambling movements of them that bothered people which is in a bit of contrast with the speed demonstrated in season 1, but that just might be because they aren't in kill mode just yet as there wasn't a small army of rangers facing them at that point.As to why Sam wasn't mauled I'll go out on a limb and say that at that proximity to the White Walkers the wights are completely controlled and since Sam is so sadly pathetic the Others left him behind to tell the tale.
2030	7V3N	2012-06-04	I liked the look of the Other on the horse. I really liked the wights, but not for this show. The looks weren't what bothered me, it was the pace and the portrayal of them as typical undead zombies. I imagined them moving at normal pace unless they had an injured leg (non-flesh wound).
2031	YNGWLF	2012-06-04	Man it really sucked that the book zombies looked like movie zombies....
2032	Lies And Perfidy	2012-06-04	It looked like the second White Walker in the back was wearing armor and a helmet. I haven't found a good screenshot yet.
I'm in line with the "leave him alive to tell the tale" theory - that appears to be what the one in the pilot did. Implies the WWs have motivation beyond just "kill everyone we see," which I don't think explicitly contradicts the books.
2033	turdle	2012-06-04	well, i for one, much preferred these wights to the one that attacked jon in season 1. i thought the way that wight moved and acted was very cheesy/1950's horror movie.
2034	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	Some points I think worth keeping in mind here.To the wights looking "too zombied up."  Wights are brought back in whatever physical condition they were in at time of death, be that an untouched body from a heart attack or missing half of your chest, a third of a leg, and two fingers because you offended The Mountain.  But this is the first real big view of the wights, and it needed to be made absolutely clear that they are in fact zombies under the control of the Others.  I think that is a big part of why they were just SO zombie, and I think that image will lessen when they are shown again.  Hell, it's much easier, faster, and cheaper to just put some pasty makeup and maybe a wound or two on a bunch of actors than making a lot of them look like the super mangled one.Wights are NOT entirely brainless entities, as normal zombie types are.  They have more than just the basical drive to feed.  They are even capable of remembering things from their lives, that is shown by Othor.  The wight knew where Mormont's room was, and I find it very hard to believe that the wight could have made it into Mormont's room without having to open a door.slow shambling zombies always seemed more funny then threatening to me. Anything you can escape from by walking at a brisk walk is not scary.An individual zombie has never been a threat.  It's the hordes and that they never stop coming. That is what makes them scary, that is what makes them deadly.   Eventually you run out of places to walk to.  And you also have to keep in mind that they come back FAST.  Remember the very first scene, if you will - Waymar Royce was brought back and under Other control almost before he hit the ground.
2035	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	It was pretty bad.  Letting Sam go is a head slapping moment.  I wonder how they'll justify letting him live.
The wights were fine, as they looked like skilled undead warriors.  The walkers were bad.  They were shambling and slow, so that crows who still had feet could outrun them on foot.  Lame.  The books showed very capable fast zombies who overran a superior uphill position with stakes, trenches, fire arrows and knowledge of dragonglass.  I guess when shit hits the fan, these slow zombie ripoffs become fast and agile?  What?
2036	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	Do you expect an army walking across an empty field of ice and snow to be sprinting and doing ninja flips?
2037	Jedi Master Hot Pie	2012-06-05	It was pretty bad.  Letting Sam go is a head slapping moment.  I wonder how they'll justify letting him live.The wights were fine, as they looked like skilled undead warriors.  The walkers were bad.  They were shambling and slow, so that crows who still had feet could outrun them on foot.  Lame.  The books showed very capable fast zombies who overran a superior uphill position with stakes, trenches, fire arrows and knowledge of dragonglass.  I guess when shit hits the fan, these slow zombie ripoffs become fast and agile?  What?How is a Wight meant to sprint with half it's leg missing or if they're broken? The ones shambling are the ones that have taken leg injuries before dying.Remember, when someone is resurrected as a Wight, their previous injuries aren't magically healed. If the Others cut off some guys arms and legs before killing him, he comes back with no arms and legs. Whilst this means he is effectively useless, he has blue eyes therefore he is scary and should be feared.
2038	7V3N	2012-06-05	It was pretty bad.  Letting Sam go is a head slapping moment.  I wonder how they'll justify letting him live.The wights were fine, as they looked like skilled undead warriors.  The walkers were bad.  They were shambling and slow, so that crows who still had feet could outrun them on foot.  Lame.  The books showed very capable fast zombies who overran a superior uphill position with stakes, trenches, fire arrows and knowledge of dragonglass.  I guess when shit hits the fan, these slow zombie ripoffs become fast and agile?  What?I think you have wights mixed up with White Walkers. The White Walkers are the Others, the ice sentients. The wights are the reanimated minions.Do you expect an army walking across an empty field of ice and snow to be sprinting and doing ninja flips?Do you expect them to walk at a snail's pace? They would walk at a normal pace at least.
2039	Lady Olenna	2012-06-05	Kinda the opposite of most here.I didn't mind the wights at all, but hated look of the Others. Wish they were the gleaming, graceful ice warriors of the books.I'm with you here. I always pictured the WW as graceful and they read (to me) as intelligent, quick and sharp. Not the large primate looking thing on the show. Don't get me wrong, I like what they did, it was just far different from what I imagined. The wights are supposed to lumber along - essentially zombie like- and IMO are controlled or led by the WW. I also tend to believe that the WW are basically their own form of rangers in the north. I don't think they kill at random but are deliberate. Perhaps this is why the show allows Sam to be passed by.
2040	danm_999	2012-06-05	Even though the wights are dead it doesn't mean they have to be portrayed like that.That's exactly how they're described in the books. They act, exactly how they act in the books. What do you want?"But they ARE zombies!" So what? That only means they're dead/brought back to life. How about a little imagination ... Maimed, scarred, disfigured -- sure.What on earth do you call this?But walking around like the extras in a zombie comedy? Come on ... Shaun of the Dead doesn't define how animated corpses should behave.It didn't. Shaun of the Dead portrayed zombie movement like it was in Romero's zombie classics, Dawn of the Dead or Night of the Living Dead, or the Resident Evil series, for some reason you're thinking Shaun of the Dead invented the trope, it was parodying it.Shaun of the Dead was only released in 2004; even GRRM had written how wights moved by then.All the non-readers in my viewing party said the same. It looked lame. It doesn't fit into a show of this calibre.What a shame.Great, non readers I watched with thought it looked better than the majority of Walking Dead zombies in season 2. Anecdotes don't really get us far.
	Spoiler Think about Catelyn after she's brought back to life. Will you be happy if she goes around with her hands in front of her, eyes rolling, tongue hanging out, moaning, wobbling from side to side? Isn't that how zombies behave, though? My picture of Cat was terrifying and heart-breaking, but she didn't look like your classical zombie at all.
That's a completely different case from the wights though, so it's not going to look like your traditional zombie like the wights are supposed to.
					
					
							Edited by danm_999, 05 June 2012 - 12:52 AM.
2041	So1ar	2012-06-05	They weren't shuffling..just walking slowly. Also, our zombies were carrying spears, swords, axes, bows, and any other weapon you could think of. They weren't as mindless as some of you seem to think. Just watch it here before it's taken down.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=P6yoS3LFIFM
2042	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	I do not see a single wight walking with his arms out in front of him.  The mangled wight has his arms cocked at an angle, that's as close as it gets.  They aren't shuffling, they aren't stumbling.  They're just...walking.  You have to remember that this is book 2, and how far south have the Others made it even three books later?  They aren't in a hurry.  They have no reason to hurry.  Winter is coming, it isn't quite here yet.
2043	BlackTalon	2012-06-05	I still think the wights will start really moving fast once they start fighting. Remember Othor in S1 he was pretty fast for a zombie.I hope they donÂ´t. The books state clearly that the wights are "slow and awkward things". The wights moving up the the fist were depicted exactly right, if anything it was Othor who was messed up by the director for the sake of more drama.What is terrifying about the wights is their terrible strength (they can claw open a horsesÂ´belly with their bare hands) and the fact that they are absolutely unstoppable, unless you set them on fire.I have to say though that the books never once mentioned one of the wights using or even carrying a weapon as far as I can remember, I am pretty sure that is a change from the books.BY HONEYBADGER.The books showed very capable fast zombies who overran a superior uphill position with stakes, trenches, fire arrows and knowledge of dragonglass. I guess when shit hits the fan, these slow zombie ripoffs become fast and agile? What?The book zombies were definitley NOT fast and capable, were did you get that idea?Also, the NightÂ´s Watch had no idea what the dragonglass could do until Sam killed an Other with it long after the first attack, on the trek halfway to CrasterÂ´s Keep.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 05 June 2012 - 01:49 AM.
2044	DemonKing	2012-06-05	I liked the scene a lot - the only thing that looked a bit silly was that the same CGI models appeared on a regular basis when the zombies all went shuffling by (albeit sometimes with minor variations).
Not sure how Sam is meant to get away but it didn't make sense in the first episode of Season 1 either when one of the NW escaped.
The WW looked awesome - I didn't miss the armour too much but I loved the way ethereal mist was steaming off his weapon.
2045	CuddleMeLoki	2012-06-05	I also tend to believe that the WW are basically their own form of rangers in the north. I don't think they kill at random but are deliberate. Perhaps this is why the show allows Sam to be passed by.He was to fat to be a wight /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2046	Bloodraven's Lost Eye	2012-06-05	Both looked underwhelming...
Wights: Like many said before, the walking dead. In the books their appearence may be zombie-esque, but they move fast and with a purpose, not this slow shuffling they do. Even if we forget it's different from the books, it's just bad television.
WW: I understand in terms of cost, they couldn't do them better, but I imagined (like many others IMO) the Others armored in ice, statuesque, lean, tall and gracefull. these guys just looked like barbarians covered in ice, the wild hair and piece of cloth infront of their loins just doesn't work at all. Basically they left them too human... they oughta be humanoids, not icy wildlings.
In general, I don't see why they had to do this zooming out over the mass of zombies (yes, I said zombies not Wights) It had to feel overwhelming, but it felt the opposite, there are alot more tricks available to convey the sense of dread, but they just went for the obvious. 
What I can't understand aswell, is why doing it by day? Talking about using tricks, doing it at night time would allow you to convey more fear with alot fewer numbers, hell, they wouldn't even have had to show any wights, let alone WW...
2047	StarkWard	2012-06-05	It would have helped, I think, if they walked a bit more solemnly. Like being attracted to a fly or something. Too bad Walking Dead is at its popularity peak that people readily associated our wights to them. Still, I'm confident that the opinion will soon change after we see them fight.
2048	Black Crow	2012-06-05	The Others certainly didn't quite look like the way they were described by GRRM when talking to to the comic book artist:'The Others are not dead. They are strange, beautifulâ<U+0080>¦ think, ohâ<U+0080>¦ the Sidhe made of ice, something like thatâ<U+0080>¦ a different sort of lifeâ<U+0080>¦ inhuman, elegant, dangerous.'However... the face of the guy who looked straight at Sam looked suspiciously like those carved in the trunks of weirwood trees
2049	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-06-05	It does make sense that they are zombie-like. In the books, some crows manage to escape all the way back to craster. That means that wights can keep a really fast pace anyway.
2050	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-05	I'm not saying the scene was bad (though why ignore Sam?), however, I would have much preferred the scene to have been acted out as in the prologue of ASOS, and for the show to have ended within five seconds or so of the third horn blast and its explanation.
2051	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	I thought the wights were fine, some had more decay than others, some had more damage than others.  Just because they are north of the Wall doensn't mean they will all be crystalline ice creatures.  The WW...I don't know.  Based on what we saw the first time, what we saw when Jon spied Craster I thought they would be more angular.  Not a big thing, just not what I was expecting.
The only real question I have is why isn't Sam being torn to pieces....maybe that one we saw is Coldhands.  Other than that, got nuthin'.
2052	Greenseer Stark	2012-06-05	Does anybody else think that the WW that looked at Sam and went on could sense that he had Dragon Glass on his person? I'm trying to come up with an explanation as to why this happened. Though someone noted earlier that perhaps it was because Sam submitted to them, like Will in the pilot.
2053	White Raven	2012-06-05	Though someone noted earlier that perhaps it was because Sam submitted to them, like Will in the pilot.I like this idea because it would show that the white walkers are not mindlessly killing anyone they happen to come across. As to why the wights didn't attack Sam: Maybe it was because they were lead to battle by the white walkers and were not allowed to stop or act on their own during this time. It would slow them down quite a bit if the wights would hunt and kill everything they meet on their way.
2054	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-05	The Others certainly didn't quite look like the way they were described by GRRM when talking to to the comic book artist:'The Others are not dead. They are strange, beautifulâ<U+0080>¦ think, ohâ<U+0080>¦ the Sidhe made of ice, something like thatâ<U+0080>¦ a different sort of lifeâ<U+0080>¦ inhuman, elegant, dangerous.'However... the face of the guy who looked straight at Sam looked suspiciously like those carved in the trunks of weirwood treesBarrel scraping.
2055	Maester Murks	2012-06-05	TBH, i pictured the wights pretty much exactly like zombies, because that's how they are described in the books. One thing bothered me, though: Almost all the wights in the show are carrying weapons. I could be wrong, but i can't remember them being armed in the books. Aren't they fighting with their hands only, like strangling people, or ripping them apart? /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
2056	Lady Olenna	2012-06-05	He was to fat to be a wight /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />It's a sad day when you can't make the cut to be a wight because your too fat.
2057	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Does anybody else think that the WW that looked at Sam and went on could sense that he had Dragon Glass on his person? I'm trying to come up with an explanation as to why this happened. Though someone noted earlier that perhaps it was because Sam submitted to them, like Will in the pilot.I don't think dragonglass works like silver to vampires. It's not a repellant, but it's certainly a weapon.
2058	Greenseer Stark	2012-06-06	I don't think dragonglass works like silver to vampires. It's not a repellant, but it's certainly a weapon.Haha I know I was clutching at straws there! Just trying to come up with some sort of answer and thought that maybe the Other sensed it on Sam so decided to walk on.
2059	Woman of War	2012-06-06	I had imagined the white walkers as graceful terrible elves of gleaming beauty, cunning, cold intelligent terror. Maybe even of a beauty that bewitches the living as much as it makes them helpless from fear. The essence of freezing cruelty, charismatic and heart stopping.
2060	Dornish Hen	2012-06-06	I didn't love either the wights or the white walkers.  I did love the horse, though.  That was pretty creepy.  I thought the shape of the ww from the first scene of season 1 was more frightening.  
I would have liked to see the group of the wights and ww coming through the snow, but only being able to see the forms of the wights and maybe the eyes of the ww.  I think that would have been very scary!
2061	Whorehammer	2012-06-06	The Others look fine, but the horses don't look right.
The first horse looks too fresh, the flesh should be older and have some ice.  The horses should be covered in ice.
The  second horse is not even dead.
2062	7V3N	2012-06-06	The Others look fine, but the horses don't look right.The first horse looks too fresh, the flesh should be older and have some ice.  The horses should be covered in ice.The  second horse is not even dead.Ummm.... what? How can you tell that? It was zoomed out for the second horse. And they just have to have died. They don't have to be long-decayed or frozen solid. I understand you wanting to see that, but the horse didn't look incorrect at all. Also, I agree that the Other looked good, but it wasn't accurate to the book descriptions (but who says that's important in this case?).
2063	Kurr	2012-06-08	The WW looked like it had skin made of bark.And its beard looks like it's growing off branchy type things. Possibly adds to the theory that the Others are in some way related to the CotF? If that's the case, I can forgive them for looking different to my view of them (which was more magicky and watery and shimmery and elegant(y))
2064	smithy	2012-06-09	I always pictured wights being sort of like the infected from 28 days later , with the ability to attack really fast and savagely and keep attacking relentlessly and also retaining some intelligence , the wights in the last episode just reminded me of the dim witted resident evil zombies all moaning and shuffling about .
Kinda dug the WW's though  , especially the one we see as the camera pans out , he was also mounted but had some armor on .
2065	7V3N	2012-06-09	I always pictured wights being sort of like the infected from 28 days later , with the ability to attack really fast and savagely and keep attacking relentlessly and also retaining some intelligence , the wights in the last episode just reminded me of the dim witted resident evil zombies all moaning and shuffling about .Kinda dug the WW's though  , especially the one we see as the camera pans out , he was also mounted but had some armor on .I differ on the second WW. I was under the impression that no WW wears metal armor, and instead wears a crystalline/icy armor that is constantly reflecting and bending light. So that when they move, it looks like a quick flash.
2066	Jayaris	2012-06-09	I always pictured wights being sort of like the infected from 28 days later , with the ability to attack really fast and savagely and keep attacking relentlessly and also retaining some intelligence , the wights in the last episode just reminded me of the dim witted resident evil zombies all moaning and shuffling about .Kinda dug the WW's though  , especially the one we see as the camera pans out , he was also mounted but had some armor on . Is there anything in the text to support that, all I can see is Sam describing them as slow and clumsy.None of the Night's Watch could've escaped if they were 28esque while they were walking slowly in thick snow.
2067	Jayaris	2012-06-09	The Others look fine, but the horses don't look right.The first horse looks too fresh, the flesh should be older and have some ice.  The horses should be covered in ice.The  second horse is not even dead.The WW's Horse in Sam's first SoS chapter was previously owned by a member of the Night's Watch, which suggests that they revive and use any horses that are available. So yes, some of them will be riding around on Horses that recently died and some of those may well of died from hypothermia - Which is why it doesn't look dead.
					
					
							Edited by Jayaris, 09 June 2012 - 01:54 PM.
2068	Zod	2012-06-09	The wights are dead people (and animals) reanimated.  It seemed like they were a collection of undead wildlings and such and that they looked fine.  I hope they don't add a bunch of gore, because that's one of the things that separates these 'zombies' from traditional ones.  Their blood and guts are basically dried out and black.  They're like walking shells of men.The WWs were o.k.  I wasn't crazy about the one that looked at Sam, but I loved the second one they showed with the crazy mask on his face. Which second one? Was that in the same episode?
2069	Zod	2012-06-09	Did that White Walker really reach Sam's rock?
I don't think the White Walker passed it yet, nor did it see him.
2070	Zod	2012-06-09	Yes, what the hell are people expecting? "I am so disappointed because the wights looked like zombies!!!"They ARE zombies, how many different ways of looking are there for a reanimated body?Not to mention the various stages of decay each of them will be in.  Some will be fresher, and perhaps more animated (like the one that attacked Mormont.)  Some will be in later stages of decomposition, and maybe the limbs and muscles don't work so well any more?Would flesh really decompose in negative temperatures?
2071	7V3N	2012-06-09	Which second one?Was that in the same episode?When the camera pans out to show the WW army, there is another mounted Other in what seems to be metal armor.Would flesh really decompose in negative temperatures?Remember Sam in the show (season 1). Othor's body was not rotten.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 09 June 2012 - 10:41 PM.
2072	smithy	2012-06-10	Is there anything in the text to support that, all I can see is Sam describing them as slow and clumsy.None of the Night's Watch could've escaped if they were 28esque while they were walking slowly in thick snow.I mean like Othor was when he attacked Jon  , he was focused and relentless and also pretty fast moving , while I agree that the injured ones would move slowly it looked to me like the whole army was moving slowly .
2073	The Thin White Line	2012-06-10	My biggest problem with this last scene is that I just don't feel this massive threat to Westeros that the Others, White Walkers and Wights are supposed to represent. The books really keep the mystery around them. Even at the battle of the Fist of the first men, you barely get a glimpse of them, as the defenses crumble quickly and we are caught in a huge fog of war. The other moment I recall from the book is the prologue with the wildling warg. In that prologue, you could only shudder from the Others' terror.
In this season 2 finale, all I saw was a bunch of zombies in loose ranks, and I couldn't help thinking : if that's the major menace then all you need is a charge from some heavy cavalry and there you go, no more Beyond-the-Wall threat. Which is obviously not the case. Just the impression the series gave me.  My fellow viewers which haven't read the books weren't impressed either (but they think the biggest thing to come is Daenerys, not the Others).
In dealing with the True North, I kind of expect mystery, suspense, terror, all of the which should be bathed in an aura of unknowingness.
This was just too crisp, too out in the open, too... flat.
I also understand the necessity of showing them to viewers and to create a cliffhanger. But the others aren't in the rink yet, not even in book 5... I think the expectations for non-readers are going to be a little too high now...
Sorry for my English, I'm French so /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Great reading you all.
2074	Volantis	2012-11-15	Did anyone think this was going to be a topic about which is the better adaptation? Anyone who thinks GoT is a terrible adaptation should probably read The Walking Dead then watch the show and be thankful we never got Ser T of House Dogg.No, instead we got Lady Ros of House idontreallycare
2075	So1ar	2012-12-04	i just hope these "wights" don't go full zombie and try to bite the nights watch. i swear if there is a scene where a few wights are eating the flesh of a nights watch guy i will freak out.
2076	ShowOverBooks	2012-12-06	The first of the White Riders didn't move on after looking directly at Sam. He just sat there.
It is entirely reasonable that he will go after Sam.
As for The Others not being a credible threat - well I still expect the FINAL battles to involve giants ("and WORSE than giants") versus dragons. I think that will be epic.
					
					
							Edited by ShowOverBooks, 06 December 2012 - 04:41 AM.
2077	ShowOverBooks	2012-12-06	Did that White Walker really reach Sam's rock?I don't think the White Walker passed it yet, nor did it see him.Yes, it did. It looked right at him.
2078	lannistergold	2013-02-28	Their army didn't even look all that big (only a hundred-odd). Still, I guess that's a lot considering how much effort it takes to kill one, lol.
2079	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-12	So what did you think of the wights?  I was hugely disappointed because I thought they looked like a group of zombies.  The person I was watching with said, "Oh, is this show going to be sort of like the Walking Dead now?"  I thought it looked goofy. ETA: and my friends have been asking me why they ignored Sam.  One thinks he has special powers.  I got nothing.  I thought that horse was cool looking though.  That was a nice touch.I think they leave him alone cause he pissed himself and probably more ...... and they definitely wont go near the smell.
2080	Warrick	2013-03-20	I agree wholeheartedly. The White Walkers and the Wights were my least favorite part of the GoT world, for sure. I'm hoping they don't spend too much time on them, especially in Season 3 of the TV show.
2081	Joyful Union	2013-03-21	How the fuck else would you show the wights? They look like other zombies on the show, because thats what theyre like in the books. If they look chewed up and cut up, thats only realistic, because a corpse wouldn't be healing, and wouldn't care about injuries sustained. Dont get the complaints here at all.
2082	Pinkie Baelish	2013-03-21	I find it hilarious that people are complaining that the wights looked like zombies when that's pretty much what they are. And although I prefer the graceful image of the Others in the books with the transparent swords, that WW looked absolutely fantastic IMO. 
Oh, and the wight that attacked Jon in season 1 was pretty ferocious, so I doubt people are going to think that wights are useless. Their slow pace just seemed to indicate that it was an undead march.
2083	King of the Road	2013-03-21	I think there's a touch of nitpicking going on here. I agree with Pinkie Baelish, they're clearly just marching. In Season 1 when Jon kills the wight to protect Lord Commander Mormont, he appears pretty nippy when he storms across the room after Jon, so I wouldn't bet on them going with The Walking Dead-esque shuffle.
Although, even if they did then they have simply chosen to portray the wights in a more traditionalistic way, they are, after all, essentially just zombies. It's the leaders that truly matter.
2084	JanusLaurent	2012-06-04	With the 13 dead (including Pyat Pree and the "King of Qarth"), who's left in charge of Qarth?  Wouldn't it be a perfect opportunity for Dany to seize power and gather up an army?
2085	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I think they meant to imply that the city was poor, it was an illusion. There is nothing in Qarth for Dany or anyone else. Its time she leaves.
2086	Tadco26	2012-06-05	I think they meant to imply that the city was poor, it was an illusion. There is nothing in Qarth for Dany or anyone else. Its time she leaves.They did kind of imply that, though it makes no sense.  Obviously he had money or he wouldn't have had gold all thru his house or the house itself, or become a member of the 13.  The whole story line was kind of silly even disregarding the books completely.
2087	Reposado	2012-06-05	They did kind of imply that, though it makes no sense.  Obviously he had money or he wouldn't have had gold all thru his house or the house itself, or become a member of the 13.  The whole story line was kind of silly even disregarding the books completely.yes the spoken claim that it was illusion was awful. he had valuables all over that house. what do you think the items that they were taking to buy ships was worth. none of it was fake, he just didnt keep stuff in a vault. and he's a trader, not a king, much of his wealth should be in investments. in ships full of goods making their way to different points. what he shoudl have invested in was a few guards
2088	Lord Varys	2012-06-05	By the way, who actually is willing to believe that 'the King of Qarth' would actually allow a ragged band of unwashed savages allow access to his bed chamber? What kind of 'king' or wealthy merchant does not post some guards at his gates?
And further, does anyone believe the Qartheen would allow Dany and her score of unwashed bandits to leave the city alive after they killed 1. the honorable Qartheen citizen Pyat Pree and 2. the self-proclaimed King of Qarth Xaro Xhoan Daxos?
I don't think so...
2089	David Selig	2012-06-05	By the way, who actually is willing to believe that 'the King of Qarth' would actually allow a ragged band of unwashed savages allow access to his bed chamber? What kind of 'king' or wealthy merchant does not post some guards at his gates?And further, does anyone believe the Qartheen would allow Dany and her score of unwashed bandits to leave the city alive after they killed 1. the honorable Qartheen citizen Pyat Pree and 2. the self-proclaimed King of Qarth Xaro Xhoan Daxos?I don't think so... Yeah, all this was really silly. The Qarth plotline in the books is pretty weak IMO, but in the show they made it even worse.
2090	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	By the way, who actually is willing to believe that 'the King of Qarth' would actually allow a ragged band of unwashed savages allow access to his bed chamber? What kind of 'king' or wealthy merchant does not post some guards at his gates?And further, does anyone believe the Qartheen would allow Dany and her score of unwashed bandits to leave the city alive after they killed 1. the honorable Qartheen citizen Pyat Pree and 2. the self-proclaimed King of Qarth Xaro Xhoan Daxos?I don't think so...My question about it really is...does anyone else even know?  There are no other warlocks apparently, so no one to report that he is dead.  The HotU did not burn down, so no one to see smoke coming out of there.  Does anyone else even know the King of Qarth even exists - did he announce the 13...er...12ish...left the city to him?  If so, do the people of Qarth care?  Or do they just see him as an extension of the 13?
2091	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	Fred Savage... The little kid from the Wonder Years runs Quarth right now. I will continue to believe this until you prove it to me otherwise.
2092	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	Fred Savage... The little kid from the Wonder Years runs Quarth right now. I will continue to believe this until you prove it to me otherwise.Well, he hasn't done anything since Goldmember, so he probably has the time.  And he can get Danica to be his master of coin,
2093	Lord Varys	2012-06-05	Well, if there were guards posted at Xaro's house (or at the gates of Qarth, where at least when Dany came guards had a rather shiny appearance) they would know about the fact that 1. Xaro was locked in his own vault, and 2. Xaro was robbed by his guests.
Surely whoever rules Qarth now would care about that...
And if there had been guards at Xaro's house/the city's gates, they would have also found out about Pyat's death eventually...
As about the death of the Thirteen: One should expect that all Qarth knows about Xaro's and Pyat's coup right now. After all, their families would have realized quite soon that they were dead when they did not return from the session of the Thirteen...
2094	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-05	By the way, who actually is willing to believe that 'the King of Qarth' would actually allow a ragged band of unwashed savages allow access to his bed chamber? What kind of 'king' or wealthy merchant does not post some guards at his gates?And further, does anyone believe the Qartheen would allow Dany and her score of unwashed bandits to leave the city alive after they killed 1. the honorable Qartheen citizen Pyat Pree and 2. the self-proclaimed King of Qarth Xaro Xhoan Daxos?I don't think so...It is possible that the HOTU were viewed as such a certain doom that anyone who entered was presumed dead.  The fact that Danys actually emerged from it may just have scared the shit out of a very superstitious people, and let her gain entry to his home.  Xaro likely assumed she was gone and no threat.  Doesn't make perfect sense, but then, the book wasn't all that strong on it either.  Qarth was a weird place all around.
2095	Lord Varys	2012-06-05	Well, if that were the case, I'd have to expect that they would show it ;-).
More importantly, Qarth is not exactly a weird place in the book. They are a civilized people. It makes sense that no one tries to steal the dragons (how could he keep them, with all the other factions playing there own game?). That's why Xaro wanted to marry Dany - apparently the other Qartheen would have not objected to that.
2096	ChristophUL	2012-06-05	I think she will sack the city to make up for taking over Astapor and Yunkai.  I always thought Dany would sack only one city before Meereen.
2097	Reposado	2012-06-05	Well, he hasn't done anything since Goldmember, so he probably has the time.umm, what about his fantastic appearance in an episode of happy endings this year?giving in-person commentary on the princess bride"I told him you want someone to phone it in, get Kirk Cameron. You want someone to be a savage, you get Fred........ Savage."
2098	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	They did kind of imply that, though it makes no sense.  Obviously he had money or he wouldn't have had gold all thru his house or the house itself, or become a member of the 13.  The whole story line was kind of silly even disregarding the books completely.He was a hustler. One of those social climbing types who are "house poor". It's one thing to be able to scrap up enough to buy a manse and some nice trappings to decorate it. It's quite another to have a massive vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures. The perception that Xaro had this inexhaustible fortune behind those doors is what lead to his power in Qarth. It was an illusion of power...a notion that shadows Varys' famous quote from earlier in the season.
2099	So1ar	2012-06-05	I think she will sack the city to make up for taking over Astapor and Yunkai.  I always thought Dany would sack only one city before Meereen.sack it with what? 20 old dothraki and 3 dragons the size of cats?
2100	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-05	But the King of Qarth isn't dead yet! He's just locked up in an impregnable vault. He'll just have to wait for Bronncean's eleven to come along and impregnate that bitch.
2101	Tadco26	2012-06-05	He was a hustler. One of those social climbing types who are "house poor". It's one thing to be able to scrap up enough to buy a manse and some nice trappings to decorate it. It's quite another to have a massive vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures. The perception that Xaro had this inexhaustible fortune behind those doors is what lead to his power in Qarth. It was an illusion of power...a notion that shadows Varys' famous quote from earlier in the season.That makes little sense.  He doesn't have to have a vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures to be the richest man in Qarth.  In a land with no credit cards I don't really see how he could have "hustled" a mansion filled with gold statues, cups and decorations.  He was dressed like nobility, lived in a mansion, and had servants and money to host all of Qarth's nobility.  He made it into one of the 13.  For him to have no magical all valuable treasure in his vault I can accept, but just the cost of making the "valarian stone vault" would not be trivial.  To say his wealth was completely a fraud I consider that a poorly written story line.
2102	Pellaeon	2012-06-05	Quarth will suffer the same faith than every city Dany cross scince she has dragons, civil war and a incompetend butcher as ruler, but maybe better than queen Dany
2103	KC_Accidental	2012-06-05	I think locking Irri (was that her name?) in the vault was extremely harsh. Especially after she had already pimped her out to the Qartheens to get info on them. So she shagged Xaro? So what? She locks her in a vault to die a horrible death for that?! I always thought Dany was a hypcritical bitch but man that's dark.
Potentially leaving Qarth without a ruler was a bit much as well. The city could descend into complete anarchy. I never really saw Xaro has doing that much wrong anyway. He just went along with the other elders getting killed, the dragon stealing was surely all Pyat Pree's doing. Sure he probably knew about it but seems a bit much. She should have just left him.
2104	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	I think the overall storyline of Qarth was improved for the show in the sense that it was very unbelievable that no one would attempt to steal the dragons (the most powerful weapons in the world) from a 16 year old girl and her small band of Dothraki greybeards + green boys. 
The HotU was a bit of a disappointment, but I figured that it would be, given the limitations of the television format, so my enthusiasm was curbed for the scene. I did like the snow covered throne room and Drogo, which was surprising.  Also, as many other posters have stated, a lot of the visions would have been to spoiler-y for viewers. Especially the wolf's head with an iron crown. Even the most casual viewer could piece that together. They might not suspect the horror of the RW, but they would know something terrible will eventually happen to Robb.
2105	victim	2012-06-05	I think locking Irri (was that her name?) in the vault was extremely harsh. Especially after she had already pimped her out to the Qartheens to get info on them. So she shagged Xaro? So what? She locks her in a vault to die a horrible death for that?! I always thought Dany was a hypcritical bitch but man that's dark.I'm glad they killed her off. I thought the showrunners were keeping Doreah alive because she was pretty. Couldn't handle that shit.
2106	Tadco26	2012-06-05	Conversely I think it was less believeable.  In the books they have laws and are civilized people who don't just steal things from people because they can.  Dany's Kalisar is also considerably larger.  Certainly not an army and many are old men or young boys, but they are certainly more than the dozen she has on the show.  Beyond that she comes as an honored guest, not as a beggar about to starve to death.  All the nobles and commoners come to pay her homage and see her dragons. 
If they were just going to steal her dragons, why not do it from the very start when they are at the gates?  Kill her dozen people and take them.  Why ask her to come to the House of the Undying instead of forcing her in regular chains at sword point after killing Jorah and all the rest of her people?  How did she go from having almost all of her people killed and her dragon's taken to being able to walk into the now king of Qarth's bed chambers, who apparently doesn't believe in guards?
Almost every scene she was in made Dany look like a moron, and whatever "action" we gained by the killing of the 13 and having the dragons stolen was lost with the anti-climatic House of the Undying.
2107	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	I think locking Irri (was that her name?) in the vault was extremely harsh. Especially after she had already pimped her out to the Qartheens to get info on them. So she shagged Xaro? So what? She locks her in a vault to die a horrible death for that?! I always thought Dany was a hypcritical bitch but man that's dark.Potentially leaving Qarth without a ruler was a bit much as well. The city could descend into complete anarchy. I never really saw Xaro has doing that much wrong anyway. He just went along with the other elders getting killed, the dragon stealing was surely all Pyat Pree's doing. Sure he probably knew about it but seems a bit much. She should have just left him.I believe she locked her in with XXD because Doreah was in on the theft of the dragons and betrayed Dany.I'm guessing/speculating that we are going to see Dany in Qarth for a short bit next season as she attempts to leave someone in charge.
2108	Seekrit Targaryen	2012-06-05	Master Blaster runs Qarth.Also:DAENERYS: Doreah, go sleep around.DOREAH: Yes, Khaleesi.DAENERYS: Doreah, why the fuck are you sleeping around?! You whore! Blood and fire!
2109	Fez	2012-06-05	That makes little sense.  He doesn't have to have a vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures to be the richest man in Qarth.  In a land with no credit cards I don't really see how he could have "hustled" a mansion filled with gold statues, cups and decorations.  He was dressed like nobility, lived in a mansion, and had servants and money to host all of Qarth's nobility.  He made it into one of the 13.  For him to have no magical all valuable treasure in his vault I can accept, but just the cost of making the "valarian stone vault" would not be trivial.  To say his wealth was completely a fraud I consider that a poorly written story line.I don't think anyone meant that it was literally all a lie, just that he wasn't anywhere close to being the richest man in Qarth. He used the illusion of wealth to gain some actual wealth, but probably used nearly all of that to better maintain the illusion. Its a pretty common storytelling trope actually, and one with real world examples. Bernie Maddof for instance apparently couldn't even pay his credit card bills the month before he was arrested, but everyone thought he was worth billions.
2110	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-06-05	I think locking Irri (was that her name?) in the vault was extremely harsh. Especially after she had already pimped her out to the Qartheens to get info on them. So she shagged Xaro? So what? She locks her in a vault to die a horrible death for that?! I always thought Dany was a hypcritical bitch but man that's dark.That was Doreah, and from what I gathered, she sold Dany out so that her dragons could be kidnapped. That's not exactly forgivable.Compare it to your nanny or housekeeper playing a role in the abduction of your own children.
2111	Tadco26	2012-06-05	I don't think anyone meant that it was literally all a lie, just that he wasn't anywhere close to being the richest man in Qarth. He used the illusion of wealth to gain some actual wealth, but probably used nearly all of that to better maintain the illusion. Its a pretty common storytelling trope actually, and one with real world examples. Bernie Maddof for instance apparently couldn't even pay his credit card bills the month before he was arrested, but everyone thought he was worth billions.Ok, but now he has killed off all the rest of the 13 and presumably claimed their riches and power.  Certainly he couldn't just kill them off and presume their families, friends and servants would automatically submit to him?  And even if he wasn't literally the richest man in Qarth, does that really matter?  Certainly he was considerably richer than the average commoner and had been maintaining the level of wealthy life style presumably for quite a while.  Long enough to become a member of the 13.  I think it is much easier to live beyond your means with credit cards and modern day paperless transactions than in Westeros or Essos.  How was he was even paying his daily expenses such as food and servants?  Now if they explained how he was scamming all this money then that would be different.Even if your explanation is what the writers have in mind, I didn't find their explanation to be very convincing.
2112	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	That makes little sense.  He doesn't have to have a vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures to be the richest man in Qarth.  In a land with no credit cards I don't really see how he could have "hustled" a mansion filled with gold statues, cups and decorations.  He was dressed like nobility, lived in a mansion, and had servants and money to host all of Qarth's nobility.  He made it into one of the 13.  For him to have no magical all valuable treasure in his vault I can accept, but just the cost of making the "valarian stone vault" would not be trivial.  To say his wealth was completely a fraud I consider that a poorly written story line.Nonsense...I personally knew a number of people that used to live in HUGE houses that couldn't afford to put furniture in them. If you just looked on the outside, they appeared really rich. They didn't have a pot to piss in, but they lived in nice houses and drove nice cars. They did this so they could associate with people in the rich neighborhoods.
2113	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-06-05	Yeah- as much as I was not overly fond of the Dany/Qarth storyline, I do think the ends makes some amount of sense.  For what its worth, I understand that the producers were trying to give Dany something more to do than "repeatedly beg for ships; get denied," but like the Robb story line, I don't think it was up to par with other bits of the story that remained more faithful to the books,
re: Xaro, and his empty vault:  as others have said, it nicely plays into to what is perhaps the biggest theme of the season:  what is power, and where does it come from.  Many answers are provided, and the thing of it is that none is completely right.  Power comes from many places.  In Xaro's case, it was an illusion.  
XXD was a con-man, in the classic sense.  By convincing everyone he really is that rich, he gains the power that comes along with it.  In some cases, that is the power to demand a business deal be done on credit (e.g:  sail to Astapor, get me some slaves, and I'll pay you after I've sold them); in other cases, his illusory power bought XXD political access.  Like any good con, once its going, it kind of sustains itself.  Allowing XXD to accumulate some measure of actual wealth.
Further, complaints about the ease with which Dany et al sack XXD's house are, I think, overblown.  Remember, his entire persona is a ruse.  How heavily guarded do you think he keeps his non-existent wealth?  The idea is to put on the appearance of security, without actually spending what real security would cost- after all, there's really not much to guard, is there?  What's more, its entirely believable that the population of Qarth isn't itching to carry water for the self-professed King who very recently took power in a violent coup.  Never mind the fact that we're not quite sure what the fallout of the power-grab was, and what kind of chaos may have ensued as a result.  You can bet the Spice King, and others, had their own supporters who if not openly rebelling, are certainly not going to lift a finger to help the new regime.  Let Dany take XXD's stuff and kill him, and they can go about re-establishing the order.
Anyways, although I found the whole stolen dragons plot a bit tedious, I do think that it is at least internally consistent.  I've always kind of assumed at least one of the cities in Slaver's Bay would get the axe for either budgetary reasons, or economy of story.  Perhaps it will be Meereen?  You have to figure they leave in Astapor (it was name dropped late this season, I believe), and there probably needs to be a city she doesn't sack, but makes free their slaves.  She needs a third city to rule.  Perhaps they cut Yunkai, and have Qarth be the enemy city; or they cut Meereen and have her rule in Qarth?  FWIW, I'd like to see all three cities in Slaver's Bay- before she gets bogged down trying to rule, Dany's story there is pretty compelling.
					
					
							Edited by AegonTheUnlikely, 05 June 2012 - 12:15 PM.
2114	protar	2012-06-05	Yeah- as much as I was not overly fond of the Dany/Qarth storyline, I do think the ends makes some amount of sense.  For what its worth, I understand that the producers were trying to give Dany something more to do than "repeatedly beg for ships; get denied," but like the Robb story line, I don't think it was up to par with other bits of the story that remained more faithful to the books,re: Xaro, and his empty vault:  as others have said, it nicely plays into to what is perhaps the biggest theme of the season:  what is power, and where does it come from.  Many answers are provided, and the thing of it is that none is completely right.  Power comes from many places.  In Xaro's case, it was an illusion.  XXD was a con-man, in the classic sense.  By convincing everyone he really is that rich, he gains the power that comes along with it.  In some cases, that is the power to demand a business deal be done on credit (e.g:  sail to Astapor, get me some slaves, and I'll pay you after I've sold them); in other cases, his illusory power bought XXD political access.  Like any good con, once its going, it kind of sustains itself.  Allowing XXD to accumulate some measure of actual wealth.Further, complaints about the ease with which Dany et al sack XXD's house are, I think, overblown.  Remember, his entire persona is a ruse.  How heavily guarded do you think he keeps his non-existent wealth?  The idea is to put on the appearance of security, without actually spending what real security would cost- after all, there's really not much to guard, is there?  What's more, its entirely believable that the population of Qarth isn't itching to carry water for the self-professed King who very recently took power in a violent coup.  Never mind the fact that we're not quite sure what the fallout of the power-grab was, and what kind of chaos may have ensued as a result.  You can bet the Spice King, and others, had their own supporters who if not openly rebelling, are certainly not going to lift a finger to help the new regime.  Let Dany take XXD's stuff and kill him, and they can go about re-establishing the order.Anyways, although I found the whole stolen dragons plot a bit tedious, I do think that it is at least internally consistent.  I've always kind of assumed at least one of the cities in Slaver's Bay would get the axe for either budgetary reasons, or economy of story.  Perhaps it will be Meereen?  You have to figure they leave in Astapor (it was name dropped late this season, I believe), and there probably needs to be a city she doesn't sack, but makes free their slaves.  She needs a third city to rule.  Perhaps they cut Yunkai, and have Qarth be the enemy city; or they cut Meereen and have her rule in Qarth?  FWIW, I'd like to see all three cities in Slaver's Bay- before she gets bogged down trying to rule, Dany's story there is pretty compelling.I think Yunkai is the one to be cut. S3 will probably all be in Astapor imo, then season 4 can be her conquest of Meereen with elements taken from the conquests of both Yunkai and Meereen from the books.
2115	TheEvilKing	2012-06-05	Poor Doreah. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I'm going to miss her and Irri.
2116	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-06-05	That was Doreah, and from what I gathered, she sold Dany out so that her dragons could be kidnapped. That's not exactly forgivable.Compare it to your nanny or housekeeper playing a role in the abduction of your own children.Yep, and honestly I don't understand how such a great number of people seem to not quite grok this.  I knew Doreah was fucked (figuratively) as soon as I saw her in bed with XXD.As for XXD himself, I agree he was a classic con artist, living high off his reputation as the "wealthiest man in Qarth" without having very much actual wealth.  Con artists do this often in real life.
2117	Jory	2012-06-05	To the OP: who cares? Qarth's role has never been as a political chesspiece or whatever. "Who rules Qarth" is a completely trivial question, one that the show brought on itself, I admit.
					
					
							Edited by Jory, 05 June 2012 - 01:43 PM.
2118	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	To the OP: who cares? Qarth's role has never been as a political chesspiece or whatever. "Who rules Qarth" is a completely trivial question, one that the show brought on itself, I admit.If I am correct in my supposition, then Fred Savage would care... very much...Now... Prove me wrong
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 05 June 2012 - 01:58 PM.
2119	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	That makes little sense.  He doesn't have to have a vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures to be the richest man in Qarth.  In a land with no credit cards I don't really see how he could have "hustled" a mansion filled with gold statues, cups and decorations.  He was dressed like nobility, lived in a mansion, and had servants and money to host all of Qarth's nobility.  He made it into one of the 13.  For him to have no magical all valuable treasure in his vault I can accept, but just the cost of making the "valarian stone vault" would not be trivial.  To say his wealth was completely a fraud I consider that a poorly written story line.Littlefinger came from one of the most minor, poverty stricken Houses in the Seven Kingdoms. Yet through his ability to hustle, cheat, deceive and plot, he rose to be one of the richest, most powerful men in Westeros. It is not out of the realm of belief to think that Xaro managed to do quite the same thing in Qarth. Xaro probably owed a lot of money out. He probably made it SEEM as if he was fabulously rich, yet lived way beyond his means and was up to his eyeballs in debt to the Iron Bank or some such. His major leverage was this falsehood of his fabulous treasure trove in the vault. People believed he had this so he was good for his word. "Oh, the check's in the mail, good ser!"
2120	kevinbgwrites	2012-06-05	After having seen this season I'm worried non readers are going to get frustrated Dany doesn't get to Westeros. I guarantee at the end of season 1 they expected her to be on her way by season 2. Hopefully they find a way to speed her stuff up or get her to westerns sooner or I fear people may abandon the show. Book 3's material should be fine but book 5 will be very lacking.
2121	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	Perhaps they cut Yunkai, and have Qarth be the enemy city; or they cut Meereen and have her rule in Qarth?  FWIW, I'd like to see all three cities in Slaver's Bay- before she gets bogged down trying to rule, Dany's story there is pretty compelling.I think they'll definitely cut the importance of one of the Slaver cities and it will probably be Yunkai. They might the action as a afterward recall but they won't show it on screen. I don't understand how they could cut either Astapor or Meereen as they are so essential to Dany's character development. They can and will make changes to her story, as they've done for every other character. But as long as they keep the essence of her story arc in place and she ends up where she needs to end up, then I'm a happy fan.
2122	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	I just read the whole Xaro meeting with Dany in Meereen scene in ADWD the other day so effectively killing off Xaro was a bit confusing lol. But I guess they could just have some random emissary turn up years from now in season whatever. Or cut Qarth out all together.What really troubled me, from the perspective of this being a TV show, was where the fuck did all these new people come from? Wasn't her entire, piddly Khalasar wiped out (inexplicably) a few episodes ago, leaving her alone with Jorah and a couple of ko? All the dead bodies in Xaro's compound, I assumed that was her entire Khalasar? That they'd taken her story in a completely different direction. Oh well. It's all good I suppose./randomrant
2123	StarkWard	2012-06-05	We never really get an idea of how justice is done in Qarth. if a man murders his neighbor, what proceedings happen? Because of this, we don't know the political aftermath either. We don't know if the 13's families sought retribution.
As to the security in Xaro's home, didn't some of his own men die when the dragons were abducted? This leaves his manse with less security, unless he hired more men, of course.
2124	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	I think it's funny that XXD is caught in bed with Doreah, when book 5 makes it pretty clear that he swings the other way unless he has something to gain from it.
					
					
							Edited by Tenlaar, 05 June 2012 - 11:23 PM.
2125	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	Clearly Varys was sending Ros there to rule, it is known.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 06 June 2012 - 06:07 AM.
2126	boojam	2012-06-06	Is this thread only got non readers on it?
We never meet them in the show but the 'nominal' rules of Qarth are The Pureborn....
we can imagine they are still there, they actually run the city.
And the two of the main 'guilds' are left also.
The Pureborn command the city's defenses.
Too bad they are not mentioned without ever being seen. (Too many characters for TV as it is.)
2127	Reposado	2012-06-06	Is this thread only got non readers on it?We never meet them in the show but the 'nominal' rules of Qarth are The Pureborn....we can imagine they are still there, they actually run the city.And the two of the main 'guilds' are left also.The Pureborn command the city's defenses.Too bad they are not mentioned without ever being seen. (Too many characters for TV as it is.)in the show, there are no pureborn. there are no other guilds. the thirteen run the city. that's why one of the thirteen is a spicer and one is a warlock.they simplified it, which was probably a good idea for tvwho run it now? my guess is everyone is going about their business just fine
2128	boojam	2012-06-06	in the show, there are no pureborn. there are no other guilds. the thirteen run the city. that's why one of the thirteen is a spicer and one is a warlock.they simplified it, which was probably a good idea for tvwho run it now? my guess is everyone is going about their business just fineThe whole deal on the show is implicit, I don't remember anything explicit about the 13 running everything.You are right everything still seems running , somebody is in charge of the army (got to more than about a dozen guys!).....So one is left only with Geroge's description to fill things in .....I'll go with that.
2129	Reposado	2012-06-06	The whole deal on the show is implicit, I don't remember anything explicit about the 13 running everything.You are right everything still seems running , somebody is in charge of the army (got to more than about a dozen guys!).....So one is left only with Geroge's description to fill things in .....I'll go with that.the spice king says it when they first appear outside the city"we are the thirteen, charged with the governance and protection of qarth, greatest city........"then daeny goes on to mispronounce qarth as if she has read on the big welcome sign as opposed to hearing him say it
2130	boojam	2012-06-06	Master Blaster runs Qarth.Also:DAENERYS: Doreah, go sleep around.DOREAH: Yes, Khaleesi.DAENERYS: Doreah, why the fuck are you sleeping around?! You whore! Blood and fire!Yeah, after what they have been through, I don't buy that Doreah would go turncloak , not buying it, a plot goof.
2131	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-11	Well, he hasn't done anything since Goldmember, so he probably has the time.  And he can get Danica to be his master of coin,A little thing called Party Down disagrees with you.  But yeah, he should have time now.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 11 June 2012 - 12:37 PM.
2132	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-11	Anyways, although I found the whole stolen dragons plot a bit tedious, I do think that it is at least internally consistent.  I've always kind of assumed at least one of the cities in Slaver's Bay would get the axe for either budgetary reasons, or economy of story.  Perhaps it will be Meereen?  You have to figure they leave in Astapor (it was name dropped late this season, I believe), and there probably needs to be a city she doesn't sack, but makes free their slaves.  She needs a third city to rule.  Perhaps they cut Yunkai, and have Qarth be the enemy city; or they cut Meereen and have her rule in Qarth?  FWIW, I'd like to see all three cities in Slaver's Bay- before she gets bogged down trying to rule, Dany's story there is pretty compelling.A Storm of Swords is going to be spread out over two seasons.  Unless they want have Astapor take place across S3 and Mereen take place across S4.  What I'm wondering is whether they're planning to have Dany hire a ship or have it sent from Illyrio.
2133	teemo	2012-06-11	LOL I find it hilarious that the "KING OF QARTH" had no guards.  How unbelievable is that.  Maybe Ros can be a part of this somehow.
2134	Jayaris	2012-06-11	That makes little sense.  He doesn't have to have a vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures to be the richest man in Qarth.  In a land with no credit cards I don't really see how he could have "hustled" a mansion filled with gold statues, cups and decorations.  He was dressed like nobility, lived in a mansion, and had servants and money to host all of Qarth's nobility.  He made it into one of the 13.  For him to have no magical all valuable treasure in his vault I can accept, but just the cost of making the "valarian stone vault" would not be trivial.  To say his wealth was completely a fraud I consider that a poorly written story line. He's not saying he hustled his physical possessions, but being wealthy and creating the illusion of immeasurable wealth are two very different things. And the Iron Bank does offer credit..I also don't think he built the vault, how could he of constructed a Valyrian Vault post-doom?Having the empty vault gives him more social status, which gives him better connections and makes businessmen take him more seriously - Probably gave him the political clout he needed to become of of the Thirteen.Unrelated to the rest of the story I liked the Qarth storyline better than the books, unfortunately it leaves plenty of plot holes.I would of preferred it if the fat trader guy survived the assassination attempt and holed up in his manse, allowing him to take over Qarth after PP and XXD die and letting Dany leave on uneasy terms because she inadvertently helped him.Thought he was a good character, bit of a waste.
2135	Jayaris	2012-06-11	LOL I find it hilarious that the "KING OF QARTH" had no guards.  How unbelievable is that.  Maybe Ros can be a part of this somehow. You don't hire an army to protect a house that size, 12-16 people would of sufficed.In Episode 6 the Majority of Xaro's household guard are killed.Dany has more than enough people to overwhelm whatever Guards remain (I think it's obvious why battle scenes wouldn't be included).I don't see how this is any different to Jorah capturing Hizadhr (Spelling?) when Dany disappears.
2136	Howdyphillip	2012-06-11	I don't see how this is any different to Jorah capturing Hizadhr (Spelling?) when Dany disappears.You mean Barristan Selmy instead of Jorah, and that isn't really good example, as he was inside of the castle as a trusted man before he did it.
2137	Jayaris	2012-06-12	You mean Barristan Selmy instead of Jorah, and that isn't really good example, as he was inside of the castle as a trusted man before he did it.Yeah sorry, I still don't think it's a stretch to say XXD's household guard could be overpowered.
2138	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-12	You don't hire an army to protect a house that size, 12-16 people would of sufficed.In Episode 6 the Majority of Xaro's household guard are killed.Dany has more than enough people to overwhelm whatever Guards remain (I think it's obvious why battle scenes wouldn't be included).I don't see how this is any different to Jorah capturing Hizadhr (Spelling?) when Dany disappears.But didn't Xaro have his own household guards killed? As king of qarth, one would think he could afford some new guards. And how does Dany have more guards? Seemed like all of hers died in episode six,  since after that she's only ever seen with Jorah and that one Dothraki guard.
2139	Nebmai	2012-06-13	Fred Savage has been directing and producing tons of TV stuff over the last decade or so, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia anyone?
2140	sumpthy	2012-06-13	We'll probably find out when Dany's in Meeren. "Hey Qarth and Astapor went to shit when you upset the balance of power with your fire and blood" makes a more persuasive argument.
2141	Xander Baratheon	2012-06-15	Fred Savage has been directing and producing tons of TV stuff over the last decade or so, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia anyone?It looks like he's just sitting around eating pizza.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=hIs5BYWt_SM
2142	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-15	I believe she locked her in with XXD because Doreah was in on the theft of the dragons and betrayed Dany.I'm guessing/speculating that we are going to see Dany in Qarth for a short bit next season as she attempts to leave someone in charge.Exactly how I see it going. Maybe a scene with Quathe revealing some future betrayal prophecy on Dany. And Greybeard and Strong Belwas intro hopefully as well.
2143	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-15	Yeah, after what they have been through, I don't buy that Doreah would go turncloak , not buying it, a plot goof.After what they had been through? Are you referring to Dany leading them through the red waste and almost starving out? She is a slave girl who hooks up with the king of Qarth seems like what any girl in her position would do if given the opportunity. I know Dany treated her well but she also knew that Dany had nothing and paled in comparison to the power of Xaro. Xaro created an illusion of great power that worked on everyone why not Doreah?
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 15 June 2012 - 08:14 AM.
2144	boojam	2012-06-15	After what they had been through? Are you referring to Dany leading them through the red waste and almost starving out? She is a slave girl who hooks up with the king of Qarth seems like what any girl in her position would do if given the opportunity. I know Dany treated her well but she also knew that Dany had nothing and paled in comparison to the power of Xaro. Xaro created an illusion of great power that worked on everyone why not Doreah?There is too much expediency to it.... as if they wanted to make room for more characters to come , a lot more!.... and did not want to carry Roxanne McKee's contract any more. As other have noted Dany set her up... And no I don't buy that she would betray Dany ... silly plot narrative.Now Roxanne McKee had been on another TV show , stage play, that had wanted her back, which she had turned down ... tho I don't think absolutely , so I don't know maybe she asked D and D for an out.It's a small thing and I know in the books her character is not even there, still, in the novels to the end of ADWD those three Dorthraki hand maidens and three blood riders were still in her inner circle and provided a kind of spiritual continuity with her evolution by way of Drogo and the khalasar which was a nice touch by George. Hate to see it gone.(For a two season character, have not heard a new peep out of Roxanne McKee since the end of the season, she might come back!)
							Edited by boojam, 15 June 2012 - 09:04 AM.
2145	boojam	2012-06-15	But didn't Xaro have his own household guards killed? As king of qarth, one would think he could afford some new guards. And how does Dany have more guards? Seemed like all of hers died in episode six,  since after that she's only ever seen with Jorah and that one Dothraki guard.We see several of Dany's Dothraki 'guards' , heck one of her bloodriders (is there only one left?).... Mr. bearded Dothraki shows up in E6, he even has a name...In the end of E10 there are scads of her tiny khalasar , which looked bigger than her 'hoard' that entered Qarth. But then in the books there were about 70 with her all the way through the end of the fifth novel. Tho only Jhogo, Aggo, and RAKHARO, (who the heck was Xaro) (blood riders) and IRRI and JHIQUI (there were only two, not three) were on the page.Where the rest of the Dothraki stayed and what they did is never made clear by George, they just seem to be off in the background somewhere.(What ever in the hell happen to Jhiqui , played by Sarita Piotrowski, is she still about?)Anyway Dany's Dothraki, now  you see them, now you don't!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 15 June 2012 - 09:56 AM.
2146	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-18	I don't see how Dany set her up. Yes she told her to sleep with some men of Qarth and report to her. I don't see how that is setting her up though. I too am disappointed in her losing her handmaidens mostly because that means no lesbian hookup for Dany. Terribly ruining her character development. Well maybe not that but I thought Dany's lesbian experiences really rounded out her character as my dream girl. Oh well.
2147	Net-Viper X	2012-06-18	Dany told the girl to sleep with people for information, not sell her ass out and move in with the freshly minted usurper king as a perminant resident. Diahrea or whatever her name was stabbed Dany in the back big time, and was almost certainly in on the dragon theft as well, being as how she was one of the people that the dragons were gentle around. They didn't take the cages and all, they took the dragons out of their cages and put them in others for transport. Only diahrea could have done that, the wizard or the fat king would have gotten a face full of fire for their trouble.
What I don't get is after that one flabby jackass corrected her about the proper way of saying Qarth and then proceeded to act like a total pompus ass. Why the hell did Dany pronounce the name as that guy said it, I would have continued to call it Quarth with a Q sound just to piss the guy off, and if he got irate about it, a bloodrider would have been ordered to scalp him and make a hat out of the bastards purple hair and wear it around town as an example to the rest of those shits. As crazy as Dany seems at times, I can't believe she just cowed over for that fool, especially once she was inside the gates and realised that Qarth had no military except cowardly paper tigers pretending to be soldiers.
To answer the original poster, I would assume a slave government will be put in place like they did in the other cities Dany sacked. They will probably condense all those cities into one and have Qarth a combination of all the cities she sacked, and she will go straight from Qarth to the city of Meereen where she will sit for the next three seasons and accomplish nothing.
2148	shadowbinding shoe	2012-07-02	I think Xaro's lack of guards made sense. He relied on Pyat Pree to protect him. He's a foreigner that probably doesn't have a lot of friends in the city or enough money to pay off guards. Definitely not after the coup. I doubt the militia we see when Dany enters the city feels any loyalty to him. All his firepower is composed of an army of Pyat Pree clones. The only reason he's still alive after what he and Pyat did to the Qartheen ruling body is the fear the sorcerer inspires in everybody. Once Dany killed the sorcerer there was no one left to protect him.
As for her phantom Khalasar, I assumed the bodies in Xaro's house were illusions Pyat conjured to goad Dany into his HotU and they were alive all along somehwere, maybe blindly wandering in illusion-land.
2149	Myrcella	2012-08-25	I think locking Irri (was that her name?) in the vault was extremely harsh. Especially after she had already pimped her out to the Qartheens to get info on them. So she shagged Xaro? So what? She locks her in a vault to die a horrible death for that?! I always thought Dany was a hypcritical bitch but man that's dark.Potentially leaving Qarth without a ruler was a bit much as well. The city could descend into complete anarchy. I never really saw Xaro has doing that much wrong anyway. He just went along with the other elders getting killed, the dragon stealing was surely all Pyat Pree's doing. Sure he probably knew about it but seems a bit much. She should have just left him.That wasn't Irri, that was Doreah.
2150	seppuku	2012-10-29	The rest of the 13 other than Xaro doesn't really matter.
They can bring him back later. Never actually saw him die. And in Martin's world, that's fair game to bring someone back.
					
					
							Edited by seppuku, 29 October 2012 - 05:06 AM.
2151	lannistergold	2013-03-01	I actually liked how they retooled Xaro: snivelling slimeball in the books, kind of a badass in the show. But the empty vault ruined it for me.
2152	Gigei	2013-03-02	That makes little sense.  He doesn't have to have a vault overflowing with rare and exotic treasures to be the richest man in Qarth.  In a land with no credit cards I don't really see how he could have "hustled" a mansion filled with gold statues, cups and decorations.  He was dressed like nobility, lived in a mansion, and had servants and money to host all of Qarth's nobility.  He made it into one of the 13.  For him to have no magical all valuable treasure in his vault I can accept, but just the cost of making the "valarian stone vault" would not be trivial.  To say his wealth was completely a fraud I consider that a poorly written story line. The vault itself would have cost a tremendous amount of money. The fact that it was empty means nothing, I agree on that point. Most of his wealth would have been in ships and trade goods that are on the move.I don't think anyone meant that it was literally all a lie, just that he wasn't anywhere close to being the richest man in Qarth. He used the illusion of wealth to gain some actual wealth, but probably used nearly all of that to better maintain the illusion. Its a pretty common storytelling trope actually, and one with real world examples. Bernie Maddof for instance apparently couldn't even pay his credit card bills the month before he was arrested, but everyone thought he was worth billions. Huh, that does make sense if you put it that way. I don't get why both of the handmaidens died No more lesbian love scenes?BTW, I like the actor that played Xaro. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2153	Ser Luke.	2013-03-02	I didn't like how Daenerys story was handled this season....and why the hell did they kill off Irri for no reason?
2154	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-10	They did kind of imply that, though it makes no sense.  Obviously he had money or he wouldn't have had gold all thru his house or the house itself, or become a member of the 13.  The whole story line was kind of silly even disregarding the books completely.Yeah, very disappointing how it all ended in Qarth. I dont know how it was in the Books, but it couldnt have been worse than this.
2155	tito5601	2013-03-17	xaro shows up later in the series and goes against dany with an army from qarth ( they block the ports of mereen)  now that hes dead and nobody rules in qarth i wonder what will happen later on in the series
2156	teemo	2012-06-03	Well?  I was really unimpressed with this episode and not really in a good mood, so you guys go at it..
basic rules:
1) don't bitch about people bitching
2) don't nitpick the appearances of actresses in a cruel way.  (being upset that Syrio wasn't bald is OK, saying that the Captain's Daughter has ugly breasts is not).  This is a mod rule and the thread will be shut down if it's violated.  Also, you can't threaten to physically harm the writers of the show, regardless of how much you hate the episode.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 01:52 PM.
2157	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	What I found horrible:HOTU- not even a damed blue rose, nothing, is this so hart to make only one vision rightJon-he deserted as long as I get it he just get furious and kill the HalfhandRobb-he married her because he was so horny, come on where is his Stark honor, why should his men follow him now? And why did they do it with a septon?Theon-where is Ramsey???Ramsey-they could show us at least a man with in a armor and that Boltons man sack Winterfell, do anybody believe that the Ironborn make it?LF-WTF do he realy want to help her, or is she just an asset for him?Varys-is he a EUNUCH now for sure, does GRRM know about this scence, would be funny if he isn't in the bookRos-first LF and now Varys, come onTyrion-It seems they buid up a alliance between Varys and him, but he and Shae I thought: You are a fool dwarf, you pay herBran- a barrow, where is the basketDany-did nobody notice her handmaid sleeping with XXD? And since when are her Khalasaar intrested in gold to BUY a ship?EDIT: Sam spared by the white walker-WHY??I had high expectations for this episode and know I'm really pissed
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 09:52 AM.
2158	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-04	Now that the season is over and we know how things have played out, here are my nitpicks:
Honestly, a lot of this episode was just underwhelming to me. Brienne and Jaime were okay, but, I don't know, it felt a little flat to me. When is Jaime going to call her wench?!
House of the undying was meh. If Pyat Pree is so powerful now, how can he be burned to death so easily?
Stannis and Mel - meh. Davos was no where to be seen so we are all supposed to think he died in the battle. That's true enough I suppose.
Robb - I actually don't like him now. Just shut up Robb you pompous ass!
Jon - So, I guess he's just a cold blooded killer now too (like Jaime) who killed Qhorin because he was angry? I was waiting to see how the changes to his story would play out and now I can see why so many don't like it. Is he going to have any moral dilemmas about being with the Wildlings? Does he even care about the Night's Watch anymore?
As for LF getting a lot of the Hound's key lines as he did here with "take a look around you, we're all liars here and every one better than you,"  I hate it!  Except for episode 9, Blackwater, the Hound's character has been shafted, as has Sansa's.  (I know this has been discussed ad nauseum already though so I won't belabor the point any more).  Also, Lf is going to be all up front and out in the open about helping Sansa get out of King's Landing? That's out of character for him.  What happened to Dontos?
There were a lot of things I loved otoh.  Bran and Rickon seeing Luwin before he dies made me cry, Theon and the general storyline at Winterfell,  Jaqen changing face (though I'll miss Tom Waslicha's (sp?) face), and the ending with Sam was creepy and foreboding.
2159	Storms End	2012-06-04	I must admit, terrible episode, I honestly thought the plot of nearly all the characters totally unhinged.
					
					
							Edited by Storms End, 04 June 2012 - 09:58 AM.
2160	Longspear Ryk	2012-06-04	Idont understand why they wasted money casting dontos if they werent goin to use him....
We coulda just got our reeek....
2161	unRobert	2012-06-04	Fail. Thought it was the worst episode of the series. I was wincing at the cheese. Non-book readers laughed a lot (At all the wrong parts.) Ugh, that Drogo returning prophecy, when recited as a love-line is just terrible. Sooo corny. All I kept thinking was: Are the books really this cheesy? No, come on- they can't be.
Lot of people liking it, from browsing through the comments, posts, etc. I guess HBO knows their audience, and this episode did well for a lot of their demographic. 
Dany/HOTU - Wow, dumb jesus-scene, easily defeating the dude who prior to this had multiple body doubles you could not kill. He chose to just be one of them? And stand in front of the dragons?
Jamie/Brienne - Big disappointment, thought these scenes could have been hilarious. Very flat.
Three blasts - Less is more, people. Especially when adapting a series that is supposed to be "low-fantasy". Walking Zombies? Come on- been done and done and done. 
Theon was good. I guess thinking about the reek storyline, it was too complicated to translate to the screen, but I can't help but be underwhelmed by the sack of Winterfell.
2162	teemo	2012-06-04	Yeah, this may have been the worst episode of the season.  I have only liked maybe 3 episodes this season (and loved one), so whether or not I buy the Blu-ray was really determined on this episode.  The House of the Undying was boring.  I guess they figured fans would love to see a sappy little "moon of my life" shit between Dany and Drogo and dedicated the whole thing to that, which doesn't make any sense.  He should have at least been a trick or something.  Idiotic. Then Dany ransacks his home like a common thief...are you kidding me?  I don't even like Dany but that looked ridiculous.  And that was unusually cruel for her character - locking Doreah in that vault.  She's a whore, she fucks people!!!  What did you expect!!Robb is acting an asshole who doesn't give a shit about Stark honor or anything.  God, what a jerk.  At least in the book I felt pity for him.  In the show it's like, "bye bye, sucker, you deserved it."  I am super confused about the Halfhand scene.  Not everyone I talked to thought it was on orders...some thought it was cold-blooded murder, others thought it was on orders.  There really should be NO debate.  They should have made that 110% clear, otherwise it ruins Jon's character.  The person I'm watching it with thinks he's a murderer.What was up with Theon's scene?  Talk about anticlimactic.  I mean.....WHAT?!?!?!  That was how they got out of showing Ramsay Bolton, apparently.  What is the point of the Ros/Varys scene?  Yeah Ros, we've seen your tit.  Great.  Awesome.  This is where we get our tit scenes now?  From someone showing them to an obvious eunuch and pretending not to know? lmao okay, whatever.  And how the fuck can Ros be a business partner with Varys?  I'm sorry but NO PLEASE STOP!!!!!!!!!When the Others showed up, my friend asked if the show was going to be like The Walking Dead now....and they were serious /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 10:16 AM.
2163	Bride of Winter	2012-06-04	I know how you feel. I'll try and get everything down, I have to apologize beforehand for the mess that this is going to turn into.Â 
the (undying-less) House of the Undying was laughable. My friends and I joked about how the HOTU would seem like a puppet show after all the money and focus spent on the battle of blackwater, but after seeing that mess, a puppet show would have had more suspense.Â 
The King and Queen in the North getting married BY A SEPTON was a nice touch. I mean, what are the Old Gods anyway? they must be chilling with the Wargs in the land of dropped plotlines.Â 
I probably would have been more upset about the way Robb continues to treat Cat if I hadn't already given up all hope in HBO's adaptation of my two favorite characters. (In other news - as far as Robb and Cat know, Bran and Rickon are alive. Which means Robb officially married Talisa not to preserve her honor, not to avoid fathering a bastard because of the way Jon had to grow up, but for ~luv~. and to spite Mommy dearest). 
Also on a side note, Catelyn telling Robb her and Ned fell in love eventually and Robb going "fuck that" might have been the most OOC scene all season. Not to mention with that, the writers might as well have intentionally spat on Robb and Jeyne's story in the books, where the point is that they married with no love between them and in really bad conditions, but sort of grew to care for each other. Actually there seem to be a of parallels between Jeyne Westerling and Catelyn that hbo just decided to completely disregard.Â Between that bit, and having Robb and Talisa travel to the Crag (which hbo stated is still the seat of house Westerling) it seems like they're intentionally making a joke out of Robb's asoiaf storyline and are trying way too hard to make it clear to the book readers that Talisa is something new and improved and has nothing to do with Jeyne. 
Also is anyone else worried about the Wildlings trusting Jon so quickly? There's that, and the lack of Ghost and warging (a major problem), but generally IMO they haven't messed him up nearly as bad as Robb.Â 
I'll give credit where due - everything about the Winterfell scenes were perfect, and I'm even okay with how they changed the sack of Winterfell (if they HAD to omit Reek/Ramsay, they altered the story to work around that the best they could). And I'm even warming up to Osha now that I know she's not replacing the Reeds. The ending was insane, and I must say, for people who accidentally kill off important characters and can't tell the difference between the Old Gods and the Seven, I'm pleasantly surprised the producers made a point of differentiating the Others and the Wights.Â 
ultimately, all of my complaints boil down to this: the producers needÂ to stop trying to outdo GRRM with their sparkly new and improved plots and characters. if they want a pat on the back, they're not getting one.Â 
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 04 June 2012 - 10:38 AM.
2164	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	Two words: Ramsay Snow.
Or another two words: Red Helm.
...
2165	Dracarya	2012-06-04	I can't even.. I'd be here all day. The whole episode sucked. I will not be buying the DVDs for season 2. 
One extra thing, no names for the dragons? So what's the t-shirt about in the HBO store? Seriously, fuck off. This is probably the most minor thing on my list, maybe I'll contribute more later once I'm done flipping tables /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
2166	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Arya didnt kill anyone
FM will help Arya get revenge on her list instead of being objective killers for their god
Jon is the guy who will shortly be standing up to Stannis and Melisandre? and defending the wall against the Thenns and then against Mance Rayder?  Meh
Luwin is an Oathbreaker-guess he deserved to die.
Shae will betray our Hero Tyrion because Tyrion marries Sansa.  Oh poor put upon Imp
WTF is Ros's purpose
STELLLLAAAAA!!!!
"we have captured you and placed you in an unescapable position! Dracyrs! Ooops"
THE OTHER WAS STARING AT SAM IN THE MIDST OF HUNDREDS OF ZOMBIES AND HE WILL LIVE!!!!!!!!!!! INCONCEIVABLE-AND YES THAT WORD MEANS WHAT I THINK IT DOES!
WHaaaaa! MOMMY YOU HAVE NO HONOR SO I AM GOING TO MARRY THIS CAMP FOLLOWER AND THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT DESPITE IT DESTROYING ANY POSSIBILITY OF ME EVER SUCCESSFULLY WINNING MY WAR!
Briene is now the Terminator-Hasta La Vista Men-at-Arms
horse shits outside of throne room
Margaery is a whore who apparently owns one dress.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 04 June 2012 - 10:23 AM.
2167	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	WRT to the HotU "prophecies" either they are a. in line with what GRRM will write or b. NOT in line with what GRRM will write
if a. Then D&D released info that GRRM has not, ie Dany will destroy KL buring the red keep to the ground and Drogo returns
if b. Then the show will dramatically diverge from the story.
If a. I would imagine GRRM would not be happy about having this info released.
2168	kungtotte	2012-06-04	The horse taking a shit is actually the only thing that was 100% faithfully adapted from the books in this episode.
2169	David Selig	2012-06-04	Where the hell were Xaro's guards? The guy is the King of Qarth, yet Dany's handful of men just waltzed their way right into his bedroom with nodody trying to stop them.
 And for the love of God, why hasn't anyone told Robb the whole season that the deal with the Freys wasn't just to pass a bridge, it gave him 4000 soldiers, each of whom he desperately needs for the vicious war he's currently fighting. It makes zero sense that Cat didn't tell him this.
 What were the dragons waiting for until Dany came if they could release themselves so easily? Did they love being chained by people they didn't know or something?
2170	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	Man what a terrible finale. Even if I put my "wha wha it didn't happen like that in the books" complaints aside, it was a real mess.Dany - The HotU was probably the scene I anticipated the most this season, even moreso than the Blackwater ... Even with really low expectations, it managed to be extremely anticlimactic and dull. Pyat Pree looked so silly when he was burning. No tension, no suspense, no real threat for Dany. Obviously they couldn't include all the visions, but a few would've been nice. As it was, it was dull, wholly inconsequential and had none of the mystery and foreboding it should've had. "Dracarys!" *puff of smoke* .. seriously ? Then Doreah in bed with XXD... who the hell cares ? And the vault is empty ? Big whoop. "Thanks for the lesson XXD". Such terrible writing.Her storyline has been one giant borefest this season.Robb - Ugh. His storyline has been horrible this season too. The sappy hollywood romance really didn't work.Alfie Allen was awesome and his storyline has been one of the few redeeming points of this season. He was great in this episode, but the climax of his storyline was ... dull. The Sack of Winterfell was extremely underwhelming.Liked that they kept Jaqen changing faces. Arya's storyline was great up until Tywin left, after what it fell flat on its face. Great buildup, no payoff at all. But of all the terrible things in this episode, the zombie march at the end was by far the worst. I actually laughed out loud at how silly it looked. I think they were trying for "ominous" and "terrifying" and it just looked stupid. The White Walker was probably the silliest design I've seen in a long time (and terrible CG) ... and why the hell would they spare Sam ? Why couldn't they just end on "three blasts" and fade to black. That zombie army was so stupid. Man.It's becoming a little too painfully obvious that the writers on this show have absolutely no idea what they're doing. When they're sticking to the book (which they did for most of season 1) the show ranges from great to amazing, when they try to adapt too much or come up with original storylines, it ranges from meh to abysmal. This finale was not just a poor adaptation, it was just poor TV all around.Seeing how badly they fucked up this season, I'm not really sure I'll tune in for next one. I mean at this point it's become just another cheesy fantasy show.
2171	Evamitchelle	2012-06-04	I want to throw bricks at the screen every time Robb makes an appearance. Being married by a septon, blaming the marriage on Cat's betrayal, Cat not even trying that hard to stop him etc. At this point the Red Wedding will be a mercy for these characters. I also hope they'll explain that it wasn't the Ironborn who sacked Winterfell (it wouldn't make sense in the show either, so it's not just a book quibble) and I thought Stannis choking Melisandre was just random.
2172	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	Every change from the book in this episode was utterly pointless, and the annoying thing is, I can't think of genuinely good reasons for any of them. At all.
2173	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	I getting so angry by reading this all not with this thread but with the the writers and producer of the show. GRRM  showed the how they should do it with Blackwater but no, lets fuck up the series. Where is a valyrianstone vault when we need it?
2174	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Season 1 was so perfect, not only as an adaption but as a story with deep characters, complex motivations and great acting.
Season 2 has drastically changed the characters, getting rid of the complexity of the characters and depth of the environment and story.  And I dont buy that this is for budget reasons. So much of it is dialogue and simple restructuring of scenes.  Take Jon for example, the changes were from a production stand point nominal.  From a story line phenomemol.  They changed Jon into an incompetent and weak boy (in search of some sort of father figure-and mind you he has no opporunity to get this so called guidance before going on to the leadership role he will be thrust into).  Show jon is NOT the type of character to stand up to Stannis and Mellisandre.  He is not the character to defend against the Thenns or defend the wall against the Wildings. 
Shoot at this point I would vote for SLynt for LC. 
D&D appear to completely misunderstand their characters, which boggles my mind. 
Even show Jon would have a hard time defending his actions with he Wildings.  Are we supposed to know or accept that QH words justify doing all it takes to get the Wildings to believe Jon had turned his cloak?  QH said that Jon failed by letting Y get away, he is captured and the other rangers killed.  QH says that Jon must make sure that he lives up to their sacrifices (or a similar theme), he says offhandedly about getting inside the Wilding camp (NOT BECOME A WILDING), then touts the honor of the NW.  IOW QH NEVER said Jon was to pretend to turn his cloak. 
If I were in the NW I would consider Jon a turncloak.
2175	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	The horse taking a shit is actually the only thing that was 100% faithfully adapted from the books in this episode.Nope the horse shat in front of the throne, not outside the throne room.
2176	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	All of Dany's Dothraki handmaidens are dead.  WHO WILL SAY "IT IS KNOWN" NOW?!?!?
2177	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	All of Dany's Dothraki handmaidens are dead.  WHO WILL SAY "IT IS KNOWN" NOW?!?!?They maybe didn't want that sexscence between her and one of her handmaiden, [sarcasm] could be to provoking for the viewers [/sarcasm]
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 10:42 AM.
2178	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	What Cat SHOULD have said if there were ANY internal logic to this series.
"Jon, if you marry this girl, you will be breaking your vow to the Freys.  Beyond the honor stuff we have discussed, the Freys will immediately turn on you, taking their troops back to the Twins.  Umber will fight Frey, Karstark will side with Frey against the Manderleys.  You will then have insufficient troops to do anything.  you will be figting a civil war within your own army when you need to be concentrating on beating the Lannisters.  And since the Lord Walder Frey is a prickly bastard, he will likely become an enemy and not just a hostile lord.  In addition, many of your lords will consider turning on you, by breaking your vow to the Freys you are signing your own death warrant-you dumbass!"
2179	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	All of Dany's Dothraki handmaidens are dead.  WHO WILL SAY "IT IS KNOWN" NOW?!?!?I will, though it will come out "It was Known, until D&D got their hands on it"
2180	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	HBO Meeting
"I have a good use for my men on the Fist"
"Lets have the soldiers walk around in the snow digging up frozen animal crap under a foot of snow!"
I have tried shovelling a driveway with 6 inches of snow-It took me several hours, busted by back and I never found a dog poop.
At least the writers finally realized that camping an army atop a iceberg will be problematic after a few days, weeks, months....
psst there are reasons why GRRM wrote the story the way he did.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 04 June 2012 - 10:45 AM.
2181	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	HBO Meeting"I have a good use for my men on the Fist""Lets have the soldiers walk around in the snow digging up frozen animal crap under a foot of snow!"I have tried shovelling a driveway with 6 inches of snow-It took me several hours, busted by back and I never found a dog poop.At least the writers finally realized that camping an army atop a iceberg will be problematic after a few days, weeks, months....psst there are reasons why GRRM wrote the story the way he did.Don't forget Sam and Gilly [sarcasm] I'm starving to see their true innocent love [/sarcasm]
2182	Gaius Martell	2012-06-04	What I had problems with:
Daenerys - Not the HotU, surprisingly.  The show can do what it wants there, since a lot of the prophecies would be given away by *us* knowing what actors look like but *Dany* not.  It was the scene with Xaro and Doreah, locking them in an empty vault.  Methinks Xaro had a lot more money than... none, and I thought his return in book five was pretty important for Dany's development.  Oh well.
Robb - If you are calling yourself "King in the North," you don't have a marriage under a septon.  Since your new wife is supposedly from Volantis, she doesn't have that Andal religion, anyway.  You get a freaking marriage at a weirwood a la Ramsay and "Arya."
Jon - Might have been unclear based on the two line conversation between Qhorin and Jon that him killing Qhorin was necessary to gain the Free Folk's trust.  Kinda just felt like Jon had no idea what was going on and killed Qhorin to save his own life from an attacker.
Sam and the Fist of the First Men - Zombies too over-the-top, I think they were done better first season.
Varys - Why the FUCK are you making Ros appear to be important AT ALL?  I was okay with her as a side character, but if she becomes a main character, as this scene implies, I'll be pissed.
2183	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Varys - Why the FUCK are you making Ros appear to be important AT ALL?  I was okay with her as a side character, but if she becomes a main character, as this scene implies, I'll be pissed.At the end we don't get a myrish swamp, we get a northern, or she accompanie Tyrion or Sansa after the PW/trail /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 10:59 AM.
2184	kungtotte	2012-06-04	... posting in too many threads at once ...
					
					
							Edited by kungtotte, 04 June 2012 - 11:01 AM.
2185	Kittykatknits	2012-06-04	I was pretty disappointed overall. Theon's storyline was the best adaption from book two, the rest was pretty bloody awful.
Robb -  I don't even know where to start. He's horny and mad at his mom so that's why he is getting married? The books were much more in line with his character. I can not wait for the red wedding! I am really looking forward to that episode, it can not come soon enough. I never thought HBO could make me hate Robb, ever. I was wrong.
Brienne- Killing her first man was a big deal. Now she kills three and makes the third one die slowly? WTF?
Dany- - Her whole plotline was one big hilarious joke. We could have just written her out of season two and the show would not have suffered. I don't see the point of the HotU, especially after the build up all season long. I was hoping this would be a longer part of the episode.
2186	Rider of Zorses	2012-06-04	Frankly, there were a LOT of things that really pissed me off about this episode, as I can probably call myself a reluctant purist at this point - maybe just because all of these unnecessary changes have thrown me for a major loop. But I'll try not to reiterate what everyone has already said. I liked some of this episode - the King's Landing sequence was mostly really perfect, I quite liked the Drogo scene (just because it was really enjoyable and I'd missed him a lot), the visuals on both the HotU and the Others were impressive, but...I just have a couple things to point out that I really couldn't deal with. First, the wedding scene. Never mind that it was the cheesiest thing to hit my screen since someone made me watch Killers, ROBB GETS MARRIED BY A FUCKING SEPTON? I genuinely had to rage about this. They even made online videos about the different faiths and everything! This has driven the final nail in the coffin for me - he's been a completely different character for a while now, this just cements it. As a big fan of Book Robb (and yes, I do believe we need that distinction for most of the characters now, possibly barring Tyrion), this fucking hurt.The second thing was the HotU - I was really looking forward to seeing the visions, and though I agree that a lot of it had to be omitted, it felt like they just wanted to use the sets they already had. A couple visions would've been nice, Pyat Pree telling her to always go to the first door on the right, shade-of-the-evening, the Undying's last scene... Burning Pyat Pree just kind of wasn't enough there, and hell, it would've made for a great visual anyway. Hell, the whole chapter in the book was so chilling - it could've translated so well to the screen. Just like Robb, some of what Dany did in this episode really sets her apart from Book Dany - I like Book Dany quite a bit - unlike most people on this forum, it would seem - and this is not her. The Doreah thing shocked me - was I the only one to remember she told Doreah to sleep around with people in Qarth a few weeks ago? I know this could be interpreted as a betrayal, but just dragging her, kicking and screaming, to a sadistic death without even hearing her out? This is what Viserys would have done.And lastly... This isn't a big thing for me, but I feel compelled to mention this just because no one else has for some reason. I didn't mind the last scene, it was pretty good and stunning visually, I loved the way they designed the Other (very much like I would have pictured them and very menacing). I don't even mind that he didn't kill Sam, it's a necessary change. But it bothered me that Grenn and Edd just bailed on Sam like that. I mean, sure, White Walkers are scary as fuck and all... But in the book, they lugged him around for a while even after the attack, they stuck with him until he just wouldn't move anymore, and I thought that was very powerful and good characterization for them. Here they just fucking ran as he screamed and begged at them to wait for him. Not even a look back, guys?Phew. Sorry, that was long. I don't usually post about these kinds of things, but I had to get all this off my chest.
					
					
							Edited by Rider of Zorses, 04 June 2012 - 11:29 AM.
2187	drigoly	2012-06-04	looking forward to the RW after this episode, not because i want to see the drama but because i want to see that tv-Robb die.
2188	teemo	2012-06-04	I think this episode can turn a regular book reader into somewhat of a purist with the crap it pulled.  Embarrassing.
2189	Nymeria_Snow	2012-06-04	Surprised nobody has mentioned the fact that the first time Brienne actually kills a man in the books is in AFFC (at least, I'm fairly sure that's the case.)
She just comes across harsher in the tv show because of this extra uncaring nature towards killing.
2190	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Am I the only one who fear a Sansa Tyrion Shae threesome is coming next year?
EDIT: no sarcasm
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 11:41 AM.
2191	teemo	2012-06-04	Am I the only one who fear a Sansa Tyrion Shae threesome is coming next year?EDIT: no sarcasmSophie will still be underage.  She just turned 16 in February. Thank R'hllor for that.
2192	Lady Cheeseheart	2012-06-04	As an episode of a TV series, it was great.  
As an adaptation of the book it fracking sucked.  I honestly don't want to put things into words because it's been done so eloquently before me.
I'm very very frustrated, as I'm sure we all are.  I feel like they've taken something that I loved and pooped on it.
I wasn't even this mad at Harry Potter adaptations!
2193	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Sophie will still be underage.  She just turned 16 in February. Thank R'hllor for that.Or a sort of threesome which is childproof?Something else: Did the WW apear at daytime? They don't do that in the books
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 11:54 AM.
2194	So1ar	2012-06-04	I don't post much in this particular thread but after this episode...
How the hell could you have left such an ambiguous ending to Winterfell? So the Ironborn take Theon to the Bolton men. Cool. And the next thing we see is Winterfell burning? No explanation who did it or why. Luwin was just chilling under that tree the whole time and he didn't once think to tell Osha, "oh be carefell because the Northmen lead by Bolton's Bastard completely destroyed this castle and have apparently turned against the Starks." No, he doesn't even mention it. I'll just be an asshole, die right here and let you guys figure what happened out.
The whole Jon/Qhorin scenes were just god awful compared to what happened in the book. I'm not being a purist, but why change such a dramatic series of events for Jon to just wonder around getting blue balled by Ygritte? Jon is a lot of things, but stupid is not one of them.
House of the Undying..WTF did I just watch? When Dany walked past the Wall would it have been hard to have a blue rose growing out of it? Or how about her opening a door and quickly closing it when she sees dead men on the floor and a man with a wolfs head staring at her on a throne? Instead we get D&D telling us that in Book 6 or 7 Dany will burn Kings Landing down during Winter. Thanks guys.
Tv-Littlefinger...you just can't keep anything to yourself can you? You had to tell Sansa that you would help her escape. I guess her finding a note under her pillow wasn't good enough. We have to get all of Littlefinger's plans shoved down our throats instead of letting them slowly come to fruition.
Also, how many more lines is Littlefinger going to steal from the hound? If he says "strong arms and sharp steel rule this world" next season I'm gonna pop a blood vessel.
2195	teemo	2012-06-04	Oh, and LF going up to Sansa in broad daylight telling her that he's going to help her get home.  OK.  Sounds like LF to me...
2196	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	Oh, and LF going up to Sansa in broad daylight telling her that he's going to help her get home.  OK.  Sounds like LF to me...Right in the throne room no less. Lazy lazy writers.
2197	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	You guys will keep being disappointed if you are looking for it to be similar to the book series. It's an adaptation. It's going to keep changing and they have their own reasons for it.D&D are not as good writers as GRRM. Everyone should know this. You should know coming in that the quality of the TV series was never going to match the book.Yes ofcourse but they change the characters, their motivation and the bahavior not just a little bit, no they have gone to far. And we just are a little nitpick, that's what this thread are for
2198	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Right in the throne room no less.Lazy lazy writers.the only good think at this scence was to see Sansa smile, first time this season
2199	MaJose	2012-06-04	This is the first episode that has actually really disappoint me. I had has some complaints and nitpicks before but overall I always liked the episodes. This just had me shaking my head in disappointment at so many moments.
Robb and Talisaa. WTF! worst story of the season. Why couldn't they just leave Jeyne Westerling? They turned that story into a horrible hollywood cliche romance. In the books he married her out of sense of duty after a screw up. He thought marring her was the honorable thing to do, he chose her honor over his own. Stupid, yes, but not entirely reckless and irresponsible like in the show. He's breaking his promise and honor, jeopardazing his most important alliance and the whole war just for some hot chick?! They are making it look like he deserves the RW for his incompetence. You are not suppose to go "well he had that coming" when a sword goes through Robb's heart!
Jon. Another character that got screwed up. His killing of Qhorin was just too ambiguous. The non-reader I watch with wasn't sure if he killed him on orders or because he got pissed. Couldn't they had him order Jon to turned and kill him in a more clear way? I don't know if they trying to create drama by making the audience questions Jon's motives but that is just not Jon! he was always loyal and never truly wanted to turn cloak. Jon and Qhorin's relationship was just destroyed here.
HOTU. Ok, so I didn't expect all the visions to be there for budgetary reason and whatnot (although I think the vision with Rheagar and Aegon is important) Fine. I can live with the few  (too corny imo) visions they had. But no prophecies either?! It wouldn't had been too hard to have Pyat Pree at least mention the three betrayals and the three heads of the dragon. The HOTU pretty much served no purpose here.
Sack of Winterfell. This wasn't that bad. I wished they had kept the Reek storyline, but since he has been mention he's obviously not getting cut. Maybe he'll be in next season, specially of they don't want Alfie Allen on hold for two whole season. The sacking wasn't as dramatic as I'd hope and it kinda looked like it was the ironborn who did it. I'm hoping next year it will be revealed it was Ramsay. I mean, it has to right?. On the bright side the Theon/Luwin scene was fantastic. Actually, Alfie Allen has been great in all of his scenes. The character of Theon was one of the few that was handled very well.
2200	The Queen of Thorns	2012-06-04	How will Xaro come back from the vault?
Doesnt Pyatt Pree also show his face again in book 5? Or did I just read the last chapter too late at night?
Edit- yes he is in book 5! Soooo, either she did not kill him and for some reason he just let her go, which makes no sense or he wont be coming back....
Seriously? Was that the fight of the fist? Picking up crap and then running?
Sooooo...... Momont and craster dying?
Urmmm.....
This is making the nights watch look like a JOKE!
Why is Ros the default whore in everything? In fact why is she even mentioned, and if she is mentioned how did she get out of Cersies clutches anyway? "Oh I gotta go back to work" "oh ok then off you go!"
No!
Everyone who hasnt read the books think Jon is a murderer...
Dany is just looking like a nutcase, how will this "new" Dany try to explain how much she cares for her people in books 4 and 5 when she just locks up her followers in vaults? Followers who are DEAD anyway so you just saved the character to make Dany seem more insane....
Where the hell are the WOLVES? More to the point where are Brans dreams?!!
Why just have a burnt out Winterfell?
At least have a Bolton banner flying or SOMETHING!
Little finger is one of the best characters in the book because of how subtle he is
"oh Im gonna get you out of here!" yeah thanks for that....
Hodor still isnt saying Hodor...
No conversations with the Tyrell women at all....
Just looking at Margery's tits all the time
I'm not even going to mention HoTUD as so many people have put it faaar better than I would anyway.
So much of this Episode was filler, which makes no sense because there was so much they could have and needed to put in!
					
					
							Edited by The Queen of Thorns, 04 June 2012 - 12:32 PM.
2201	The Queen of Thorns	2012-06-04	You guys will keep being disappointed if you are looking for it to be similar to the book series. It's an adaptation. It's going to keep changing and they have their own reasons for it.D&D are not as good writers as GRRM. Everyone should know this. You should know coming in that the quality of the TV series was never going to match the book.I think the title says it allWITHOUT REPERCUSSION!So ummmmGet out?
2202	FierceElite	2012-06-04	Didn't care for Tyrion waking up to be shit talked by Pycelle. That guy deserves no redemption.Court scene was one of the pretty decent scenes of the episode. My only issue is Margaery being there already, and Loras not asking to serve on the Kingsguard. Didn't care for Littlefinger talking to Sansa, either.Oh good...return of the pointless Ros scenes. Putting Varys there didn't make it any better.I think the part where Brienne sees the hanging people and wants to bury them is when the ship shows up to hunt them down? If I'm remembering that correctly, I can see how the budget wouldn't allow for that scene. It's whatever. What bothers me is Brienne randomly killing people all the time. For all her skill, I remember it being a big deal when she killed someone for the first time.I actually approve of Robb being more angry with Catelyn for letting Jaime go in the show than he was in the book. Him letting it go because he needed her approval for marrying Jeyne was weak. However, I don't like how he's basically spitting in her face. Robb would never talk to/about his parents like that.Stannis choking out Melisandre...not even going to bother touching that oneI've really grown to like Theon's actor. I like that they've expanded on his deeper emotions. Also lol'd @ him raging over the horn. I didn't even understand exactly what happened with the Winterfell scene until I watched the recap at the beginning of this episode again. So, Roose gave commands to Ramsey to convince the Ironborn to turn over Theon in exchange for letting them go back home. What a lame change. After a pretty compelling speech, too. Also, I heard Wex, but didn't see him.Severe lack of Pod looking at his feet. Varys and Tyrion was decent enough. Tyrion and Shae was awful. Every time she speaks, I want to mute the sound. I don't particularly care, but this pretty much confirms (if it wasn't already) that Tyrion won't be losing his nose.Robb and...almost indisputably Talisa (there's no way they reveal her to be Jeyne AFTER this point) being married was short, so I guess I won't complain about the waste of time. My one nitpick was Seven-centered vows. Robb worships the Old Gods. =/Jaqen/Arya scene was okay. I don't think he comes right out and tells her he's a Faceless Man though. And he keeps talking about the Red God. If he's a FM, shouldn't he be following the Many-Faced God? Felt like the transformation was pretty cheaply done.Bran and gang coming out of the crypts scene was whatever. Would have meant so much more if they didn't completely give it away 3 episodes ago or whatever it was. Maester Luwin's death was sad. I guess they'll stumble upon Meera and Jojen somehow next season, then the group will split (will probably end up being a forced one to up the drama, rather than an amicable split). I was probably the only one that did this, but was anyone looking at the smoke over Winterfell intently? Heh. I figured there wouldn't be the faintest sign of anything, especially given that it wasn't through the eyes of Summer. I was so focused on the smoke the first time I didn't even notice Hodor pushing Bran in a cart. LOL. Guess it's too much for old man Hodor to carry him the entire way.House of the Undying was such an indescribable let down. They didn't even try to make it like the book. Not a single damn vision. They brought Jason Momoa back for fan service rather than including visions that have a ton of bearing on the past and future of the series. Wiki paraphrasing of HotU:1. A beautiful, naked woman being ravished by four of the dwarves who serve the house.2. A feast of slaughtered corpses holding cups, spoons, and food, with a dead man with a wolf's head sitting on a throne wearing an iron crown.3. Daenerys' childhood home in Braavos.4. A throne room with dragon skulls on the walls where a king resembling Aerys II Targaryen sits on a barbed throne.5. A room where a silver-haired man (presumably Rhaegar Targaryen) names his son Aegon, says the child is the "prince that was promised", then plays a harp.6. A "splendor of wizards" who falsely claim to be the Undying of Qarth and offer to teach Daenerys the secret speech of dragonkind.Upon reaching the chamber of the Undying, Daenerys is spoken to in a barely perceptible whisper. The Undying call her "mother of dragons" and "child of three" and tell her some prophesies, saying "three fires must you light... one for life and one for death and one to love... three mounts must you ride... one to bed and one to dread and one to love... three treasons will you know... once for blood and once for gold and once for love..." The Undying show Daenerys many more visions before attacking her. They are slain by Drogon.Like, they didn't even try. I assumed we wouldn't get a perfect HotU, but the show basically didn't even need this version of it. I actually liked the Iron Throne room vision, because it's pretty good foreshadowing(assuming). But Drogo and Rhaego? So pointless. Pyat Pree (Dany already using Dracarys...) and Xaro presumably dead? Two characters with parts to play in the future? Along with Doreah, who lived past when she was supposed to just to die in a different, pointless way? Smh. Kind of curious where Dany suddenly got all those followers, too.They butchered Qhorin's character, and his relationship with Jon so atrociously. It was bad enough that Jon's character in season 1 and 2 leading up to this has been awful. He's extra emo, and makes retarded decisions. I dismissed it earlier, because Ghost going hunting is actually okay...but where the hell is he at this point? He's been gone for half the season, even with Jon in danger, and wasn't there to help take down Qhorin.So...Sam gets caught out in the middle of everything as the Others and wights are about to storm the Fist of the First Men (which I still can't get over being a field of snow with some rocks...). A White Walker (I believe this makes the 4th time we've seen one in 2 seasons of the show, when 5 books into the series we've only "seen" them twice) comes upon Sam, stares directly at him, and ignores him. Just wow. Because that makes sense. That Other in the opening scene of season 1 let the dude go, too. Pretty peaceable creatures, apparently. I thought they were going to move up Sam the Slayer scene, which I guess would have been acceptable...but they didn't even do that. I can't fathom what they were going for there.They had so much to work with to make the finale awesome, and they bombed it completely
2203	conningchris	2012-06-04	Does anyone else think that with the increased emphasis on Shae being more than just a whore, and the Doreah scene being similar to Shae's death - do you think Tyrion will kill Shae/Shae will betray him?
2204	Tadco26	2012-06-04	How did Dany and her "kalasar" of ~ a dozen people take over the house of the King of Qarth? He has no guards?
Sam is just overlooked by the white walkers and their army of zombies?
The wildlings let Jon go because Qhorin attacked him?  And Rattleshirt was the one who gave the order with no prompting from anyone else?  Why would he seemingly trust Jon more now, than the scenario in the book where Jon asks to join them and Rattleshirt tells him to kill Qhorin to prove himself?  Even after that he still doesn't trust Jon.  The sad thing is they could have re-arranged the order of events and followed the original story line very closely with the same amount of screen time and budget.  Instead, Jon hasn't even said he wants to join them yet and now he is free, at the Lord of Bones suggestion.
Is Pyat the only warlock in the order?  We have this long of a build up for the House of the Undying (that doesn't even have any undying in it), and we get none of the original prophesies?  Even the prophesy from season 1 was cut, leaving out the part where she is told she will never bear another living child, which argueably was the most important part.
I'm curious why they even bothered with Ser Dontas in episode one and haven't had a scene with him since, while Littlefinger has already offered to take Sansa home. 
Did Varys recruiting Ros really warrant that much screen time? I don't think the scene was bad if you have unlimited screen time, but I also don't see what it added considering how one of the main defenses of changes to the book is they don't have enough time to fit it all in.  How did Ros get away from Cersei anyway?
Brieene is now a ruthless killer, who seems to enjoy it.
Robb's attitude and actions leading up to his wedding have made me a Frey sympathizer.  He abandoned his people and his gods for a hot girl, and all the other reasons were swept aside and they considered this an improvement?  Better to just keep the romance off screen if that is the best they can come up with.
Stannis almost chocking Mel out, and her god doesn't save her in any way the way it does with Davos and Cressen?  Why not have the gem burn his hands or something?  He stops for no obvious reason, and then she is all pressed up against him and affectionate again as if they just got out of bed together or something.  No mention of how they lost because Stannis left her behind?  And that was one of the better scenes in the episode...
The faceless men now train people so they can get revenge on those who wronged them.
Shae is a confusing mess of a character, who makes it seem like she is insulted that he thinks maybe she only cares about him for his money, and wants him to go over seas with her... So why doesn't Tyrion say that if she really loves him, he will stop paying her?
In the context of the show, what happened to Winterfell, and why doesn't Luwin tell them?  Why would Luwin think they would get help at the wall anyway, since the night's watch takes no part?
2205	teemo	2012-06-04	Why did Pycelle throw Tyrion a coin?  Is Tyrion poor or something?  I was confused by that.  Maybe I missed something.
Didn't like how Brienne killed those Northern men.  Yes, she killed three men, but they were bloody BLOODY MUMMERS.  C'mon....
Dracarys... /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> that little puff of smoke sure is deadly against a supposedly extremely powerful warlock who killed most of the 13.
Why isn't Loras KG and why is Margaery dressed like a hooker?  I mean she is beautiful, but that dress was a little skanky for a courtroom.  
Stannis' scenes were really not memorable...actually, I've already forgotten them.  Something about him choking out Mel for really no reason.  
ONE OF THE BIGGEST NITPICKS:  Jaqen telling Arya she can get revenge on her list of people by becoming a Faceless Man.  WHA???
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 01:08 PM.
2206	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	There's something wrong when Tony Soprano shows more retrospection and guilt over killing someone that Brienne.
2207	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	From a Cut Scene"
Lord Mormont: "Edd, Grenn take my steward, go 3 miles that way and find me some frozen shit under a foot of snow!, NOW!"
Mormont's Crow: "Snow! Shit! Snow!"
2208	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Why did Pycelle throw Tyrion a coin?  Is Tyrion poor or something?  I was confused by that.  Maybe I missed something.Why isn't Loras KG and why is Margaery dressed like a hooker? Tyrion payed his hooker in the episode when he lose his beard, and wasn't Margery dressed like a hooker the hole season?
2209	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	You would think the steward for the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch would have more important duties than Frozen Doodie Duty.
2210	David Selig	2012-06-04	Why did Pycelle throw Tyrion a coin?  Is Tyrion poor or something?  I was confused by that.  Maybe I missed something. It's a reference to the scene when Tyrion and the clansmen cut off Pycelle's beard and send him to the cells. Back then Tyrion gave a coin to the prostitute who was in bed with Pycelle and said "For your trouble".
2211	Im no Ser	2012-06-04	I think the part where Brienne sees the hanging people and wants to bury them is when the ship shows up to hunt them down? If I'm remembering that correctly, I can see how the budget wouldn't allow for that scene. It's whatever. What bothers me is Brienne randomly killing people all the time. For all her skill, I remember it being a big deal when she killed someone for the first time.It's undeniably different, but it worked.  She's more bloodthirsty in the series, but it fits in with her general attitude - she thinks it's her job to defend the weak, and these guys raped and slowly murdered an unarmed woman who's only crime was consorting with the enemy.
2212	Im no Ser	2012-06-04	Random & minor nitpick:
OK, so Tyrion is out of the chamber of the hand but is Tywin going to let a Lannister recover in a broom closet?  If only for appearances' sake he should have been given a chamber befitting his birth.
2213	teemo	2012-06-04	Tyrion payed his hooker in the episode when he lose his beard, and wasn't Margery dressed like a hooker the hole season?Ah.  Thanks.  Got it.  I thought she usually wore that ugly box dress (I don't know what else to call it). http://images5.fanpo...730-697-719.jpg
2214	Im no Ser	2012-06-04	The faceless men now train people so they can get revenge on those who wronged them.This was potentially the biggest shift from the books.  Arya's "prayer" of names is how she in effect resists the brainwashing techniques of the FM, which is why they are so eager for her to drop it.  Using it as a recruitment tool changes who they are by a lot.Shae is a confusing mess of a character, who makes it seem like she is insulted that he thinks maybe she only cares about him for his money, and wants him to go over seas with her... So why doesn't Tyrion say that if she really loves him, he will stop paying her?IMO if he said this to TV Shae she would go for it.  TV Shae is very different - she's shown to be willing to take personal risks to protect others (book Shae wouldn't spit on Sansa to keep her from burning to death, TV Shae held a knife to someone's throat to keep Sansa's menstruation secret), and I think it's clear she actually loves Tyrion.  I'm very curious to see where they will go with her betrayal.Any ideas as to why she has never once in the series called him "my giant of Lannister"?
2215	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Random & minor nitpick:OK, so Tyrion is out of the chamber of the hand but is Tywin going to let a Lannister recover in a broom closet?  If only for appearances' sake he should have been given a chamber befitting his birth.IMO the chamber is more comfortable then in the books
2216	Dracarya	2012-06-04	Nope the horse shat in front of the throne, not outside the throne room.Oh yeah, the one thing they managed to take from the books, and they still didn't get it right.I'm still flipping tables over this damn episode, and the ridiculous comments on other threads by people who seem to think it's acceptable to tell people to stop complaining. I love this thread.
2217	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Oh yeah, the one thing they managed to take from the books, and they still didn't get it right.I'm still flipping tables over this damn episode, and the ridiculous comments on other threads by people who seem to think it's acceptable to tell people to stop complaining. I love this thread.The last times I didn't post in this threads but today, yes love is the right word
2218	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	I'm sure this has been brought several times, but..
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH LF's VOICE?!?!
He sounds absolutely guttural in that scene with Sansa, like Christian Bale's batman or something.  I absolutely do not remember LF sounding like that in season one.  Am I just misremembering, or was his voice always like that?  It's changed, right?
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 04 June 2012 - 01:40 PM.
2219	teemo	2012-06-04	Yeah, LF's accent has been a discussion all season.  In the first episode it sounded like he had a cold...but since then, his accent has just been jumping around all over the place.  It's distracting.
2220	FierceElite	2012-06-04	It's undeniably different, but it worked.  She's more bloodthirsty in the series, but it fits in with her general attitude - she thinks it's her job to defend the weak, and these guys raped and slowly murdered an unarmed woman who's only crime was consorting with the enemy.She's not protecting anyone at that point, though. They're already dead, and her job is to get Jaime safely to King's Landing. At that point, she couldn't exactly get out of that situation without killing those guys, but having her kill that guy slowly and painfully was a horrible deviation from Brienne's character.
2221	teemo	2012-06-04	She's not protecting anyone at that point, though. They're already dead, and her job is to get Jaime safely to King's Landing. At that point, she couldn't exactly get out of that situation without killing those guys, but having her kill that guy slowly and painfully was a horrible deviation from Brienne's character.Yeah, I was kind of cool with it up until the last guy who was begging.
2222	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	She's not protecting anyone at that point, though. They're already dead, and her job is to get Jaime safely to King's Landing. At that point, she couldn't exactly get out of that situation without killing those guys, but having her kill that guy slowly and painfully was a horrible deviation from Brienne's character. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> In the books Brienne is mor like a "True Knight" then anybody else, Barristan might be an exception, but killig this guy slowly let her appear more vcious then she ever was
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 04 June 2012 - 01:44 PM.
2223	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	Yeah, LF's accent has been a discussion all season.  In the first episode it sounded like he had a cold...but since then, his accent has just been jumping around all over the place.  It's distracting.Really?  I never noticed it until this episode.  I'm glad I'm not just misremembering.Aidan Gillen is a good actor, I loved him in The Wire, he must have known his accent was changing from scene to scene.  I wonder what the hell happened...
2224	Reposado	2012-06-04	why is Margaery dressed like a hooker?  I mean she is beautiful, but that dress was a little skanky for a courtroom.i believe it's in natalie dormer's contract. topless or super deep v in every sceneETA: not that i'm complaining. actually i should probably comment on her outfit in the unreserved cheers thread
					
					
							Edited by Lanza Rota, 04 June 2012 - 01:45 PM.
2225	teemo	2012-06-04	Really?  I never noticed it until this episode.  I'm glad I'm not just misremembering.Aidan Gillen is a good actor, I loved him in The Wire, he must have known his accent was changing from scene to scene.  I wonder what the hell happened...Yeah, it's definitely been happening all season.  I liked him in The Wire too, but there's been a lot of hate around here on him for some reason.  In GoT and in The Wire.
2226	nino0617	2012-06-04	1. They make Qhorin Halfhand look like an idiot, although they've previously tried to establish him as a legend through Lord Mormont and Jon's conversation as they were ascending Fist of the First Man. But well, I think they kind of ruined Jon's story in favour of more BGR between Jon and Ygritte, it's hard to believe Jon will be elected as Lord Commander in the next book. Also, in episode 9, I'm slightly confused why no one can hear what Qhorin was telling Jon.
2. Littlefinger stealing the Hound's line (which I liked a lot) about liars. He already stole the Hound's story about his burnt face previously. 
3. Making Brienne look more badass than necessary. The Brienne I know from the book did not kill a man with her sword until Book 4. I'm just curious why some of the female characters on the show were made more badass (including Shae) while Arya was not allowed to kill a guard.
4. Robb and Talisa's wedding not done in the fashion of the Old Gods + what Robb said to Cat (he sounds quite wilful, but well they've kind of ruined Robb's character in the show already, damage is beyond repair] Maybe it's hard to find a hearttree in the south? But it's just quite unthinkable that Ned's heir not marrying in the fashion of the Old Gods.
5. Dagmer Cleftjaw. I'm okay with him at Winterfell instead at Torrhen's Square, but I never thought he would sell Theon out. Also, as portrayed in the tv, it seems that every ironborn agrees to just surrender Theon so that they can go home. I just do not like the Ironborn being portrayed as such unloyal and afraid of fighting. [or maybe it's just that my impression of ironborn from the book is wrong?]
6. Maester Luwin did not tell Bran and Co. that Ramsay/Dreadfort men sacked Winterfell. I doubt he did not see it. If he did see it, he would have warned Bran? So I guess he did not know? I'm getting confused.
7. House of Undying. I think the replacement visions are fine. Just think it's weird that they did not include at least some of the prophecies from the book, even though they are quite important.
[first time posting. hope that I did observe all the rules. ]
2227	Tadco26	2012-06-04	She's not protecting anyone at that point, though. They're already dead, and her job is to get Jaime safely to King's Landing. At that point, she couldn't exactly get out of that situation without killing those guys, but having her kill that guy slowly and painfully was a horrible deviation from Brienne's character.Yeah I could see her killing the guys perhaps, she does after all push the stone on top of the boat and crushes at least one of the rowing soldiers legs and I don't recall if the book says, but some of them may have drowned.  Though they are a much clearer threat having been sent specifically to track them down.  But the drawing out of the kill was virtually torturing the guy.I really can't understand even in the context of never having read the books, how Dany invaded Xaro's house and looted it without facing any guards.  He is the king of Qarth now and has no soldiers to defend even an attack by a dozen people?Also the whole idea that there was nothing in the vault makes it look like he really wasn't the richest man in Qarth, but I find it hard to believe he faked his wealth all the way to richest man in Qarth and a member of the 13...
2228	LeananKite	2012-06-04	3. Making Brienne look more badass than necessary. The Brienne I know from the book did not kill a man with her sword until Book 4. I'm just curious why some of the female characters on the show were made more badass (including Shae) while Arya was not allowed to kill a guard.I wonder if there is a rule in TV shows that forbids underaged characters killing others in cold blood. As having sex as underaged.I have no other exlanation for the change in the Arya plotline.
2229	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	Oh, and LF going up to Sansa in broad daylight telling her that he's going to help her get home.  OK.  Sounds like LF to me...Yes, it has gone a long way to taking the surprise out of the storyline, though in a way I can see why they are giving a Littlefinger hint to the TV audience.I still think that this storyline can be saved, but the audience must be led to think that Littlefinger has abandoned Sansa by offloading himself to the Vale. If I get a "don't worry, I'll be back to rescue you" scene come season 3, I will rage.
2230	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Maester Luwin being an oathbreaker.
2231	enteR	2012-06-04	Been following this forums for a while now... But this is my first post...
Dany's nails. That's my nitpick. I know it's a silly one, and most of you didn't even realize, but the nails, just can't, possibly, be like that...
2232	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-04	And lastly... This isn't a big thing for me, but I feel compelled to mention this just because no one else has for some reason. I didn't mind the last scene, it was pretty good and stunning visually, I loved the way they designed the Other (very much like I would have pictured them and very menacing). I don't even mind that he didn't kill Sam, it's a necessary change. But it bothered me that Grenn and Edd just bailed on Sam like that. I mean, sure, White Walkers are scary as fuck and all... But in the book, they lugged him around for a while even after the attack, they stuck with him until he just wouldn't move anymore, and I thought that was very powerful and good characterization for them. Here they just fucking ran as he screamed and begged at them to wait for him. Not even a look back, guys?Phew. Sorry, that was long. I don't usually post about these kinds of things, but I had to get all this off my chest. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Ha ha, yes.  You are not the only one.  I meant to mention that in my post but got carried away with some of the other things and forgot.  My first thought when Edd and Grenn ran off was what are they doing?  Some of the Night's Watch brothers are sleazy enough to leave another brother in the lurch but Edd and Grenn would not.  I could not believe they just left him like that.
2233	erolyn	2012-06-04	I've already posted about this elsewhere, but I'm going to say it again because I'm still upset:I could have forgiven everything else I disliked about the HotU if they'd just taken ten seconds to have someone say the "three betrayals" thing. That seems, to me, like one of the most crucial pieces to Dany's character development over the next few books. She doesn't know who to trust, both because a few people actually are betraying her and she has this prophecy hanging over her head that may or may not be true. If they want to make minor changes, throw in Jason Momoa, fine.  But leaving this out seems like a major alteration to Dany as a character. Why waste all this time with Quaithe and the HotU and then NOT have Dany take away the most important part of it?
2234	matth	2012-06-04	Lots of pointless cruelty on many fronts. I simply don't see what they are trying to get across with it. It's annoying most of the time, and sometimes on the verges of being out of character (depends on interpretation but simply because it seems out of place is enough indication for me that it's not quite accurate). It's arguable at best that Brienne would take that kind of slow death revenge and that Danerys would be so coldblooded to kill one of her handmaidens in this way. I see no reason why it should upset Daenerys so much or which of her principles is harmed by the "betrayal" of her handmaiden (since it was also part of her tactics to let them "please" powerful men and in the end there is never much meaning behind their sexual acts or choices per se). Brienne and Jaime's storyline seems out of place and pointless. Little chemistry between the characers. I doubt the Wildlings would be fooled by the unsubtle act of Halfhand and Snow, although it's in the books, and somehow that storyline didn't make the impact it should have made. Zombie-ending was strange and I wonder if or how they will resolve it for Sam, but it's always nice to see a glimpse of White Walkers and as well as in the books it's a fitting thematic wrap-up.
					
					
							Edited by Gilthor, 04 June 2012 - 09:08 PM.
2235	Im no Ser	2012-06-04	Yeah I could see her killing the guys perhaps, she does after all push the stone on top of the boat and crushes at least one of the rowing soldiers legs and I don't recall if the book says, but some of them may have drowned.  Though they are a much clearer threat having been sent specifically to track them down.  But the drawing out of the kill was virtually torturing the guy.I'm not suggesting that this is consistent with Brienne's characterization from the novels.  They've kept her as basically an agent of justice, but she's much more viscous about it.  By this point in the novels she'd never killed and ultimately wasn't sure she could do it; in the series we've seen her cut down her fellow Kingsguard without a moment's regret, and she basically tortures a man to death.
2236	boojam	2012-06-04	Aggo, Jhogo, RakharoIrri, Doreah and JhiquiOk what's deal?First they mess around with Aggo, Jhogo, Rakharo , I don't even know who is left? First of the season she has three, now there is only one?Well we know about the acting career of one of those, would minded if he had his place taken by one other warrior in  Dany's Khal, there seemed to be others.Last year they messed with Irri, Doreah and Jhiqui... have to go back and look but seemed there three, tho not those three last year.Now zero Handmadiens!What's the deal, not major characters, but not minor characters.As I have said before those 6 continue a Dothraki continuity as a spiritual undertow that George has kept through out all five novels. An essential trimming.Yeah I know even more characters to be added next year, but the contracts of these characters must have been year by year. They could not have been than expensive! Their speaking roles were minimal but their presence added to the spirit, why take that away?
2237	Triskan	2012-06-04	I am not going to nitpick too much, but there was one special effect thing that really sucked to me. 
I'm really satisfied with how the dragons look.  I think they've done a great job there.  But when we get to "dracarys" their fire was just weird, and I would not have thought that this should have been so difficult to pull off special effects-wise.
2238	Buckwheat	2012-06-04	The board just ate my long post. I blame Pod.
The short version: pretty much everthing said: House of the Undying could have been left out completely if they were not even trying to show what was important about it, Loras is not of the Kingsguard, Margaery's clothing is getting weirder by the episode, Robb acting stupid, the lach of point of Ros etc.
I do not care that much about Robb marrying the Volantene in the name of Seven, we do not know which religion his bride follows anyway. But I thnik it would have been good to show him putting a cloak around her - a good opportunity to introduce Westerosi wedding costumes.
What was the point of introducing Dontos anyway, if he is not going to talk to Sansa anymore? Now, it is LF, who also got some Hound's lines - again.
The White walker sequence was horrible. They were completely different from last season (which presented them horrible as well, but why not be consequent?) and they left Sammy to survive?
Where are Ghost and Greywind?
A lot of nitpicks this episode, I did not like it.
2239	tyrions sliced nose	2012-06-04	http://www.bestweeke...-1338798288.jpg
					
					
							Edited by tyrions sliced nose, 04 June 2012 - 06:37 PM.
2240	Morrigan	2012-06-04	Where the hell were Xaro's guards? The guy is the King of Qarth, yet Dany's handful of men just waltzed their way right into his bedroom with nodody trying to stop them. [...] What were the dragons waiting for until Dany came if they could release themselves so easily? Did they love being chained by people they didn't know or something?1. She did have her dragons with her though. Might have helped intimidate a few guards away. 2. I think the chains were magical, and when Pyat Pree died, it undid the chains.Not that I want to defend the Dany story since it was so stupid but I didn't have a problem with those two specific things.6. Maester Luwin did not tell Bran and Co. that Ramsay/Dreadfort men sacked Winterfell. I doubt he did not see it. If he did see it, he would have warned Bran? So I guess he did not know? I'm getting confused.Maybe he limped away to the godswood and stayed there the whole time and missed the action... lol. I dunno. I thought it was odd too. I agree with all the rest of your post.I wonder if there is a rule in TV shows that forbids underaged characters killing others in cold blood. As having sex as underaged.I have no other exlanation for the change in the Arya plotline.Of course not. Ever watched The Wire? In season 1 two underaged boys shoot another underaged boy in cold blood.The other explanation is that the writers are morons. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2241	Obsidiana	2012-06-04	aside from all the changes to the story, one visual complaint:
the hands of the wights looked perfectly normal, instead of black.
with the wight girl in the first episode of season one I thought: okay, maybe not because she just recently died, blood didn't have time to congeal
Othor: wore gloves, couldn't tell
but this episode there's been a whole army of wights, would if have been so hard to give them black hands?
i mean, that's what stood out about Coldhands too, and would have been an important detail in showing there's more about him
2242	Arkash	2012-06-04	I'm really satisfied with how the dragons look. I think they've done a great job there. But when we get to "dracarys" their fire was just weird, and I would not have thought that this should have been so difficult to pull off special effects-wise.Fire and Water are the two most difficult CGI to make.
2243	Greenseer Stark	2012-06-04	I wonder if there is a rule in TV shows that forbids underaged characters killing others in cold blood. As having sex as underaged.I have no other exlanation for the change in the Arya plotline.I thought this too then remembered they let Arya kill the stableboy in season 1 so there is no excuse for the absence of her not killing anyone this season.Anyway I'll try not to repeat what other people have been saying, but i feel some of the issues with the changes to characters/plots are more than nitpicks.  Leaving the HotU prophecies about the 3 threasons, etc. is an integral part of Dany's development over the subsequent books.  I'm not sure the writers will be able to undo this easily or convincingly unfortunately and get back that feeling of mistrust she develops.So XXD is stuck in that vault for a few seasons and then we learn that through some Hollywood cliche he managed to escape? Oh wait, I bet the vault has a secret magic tunnel *sarcasm*.My biggest gripe is with LF. (He's my favourite book character). Book LF would kick TV LF's ass if he heard him saying in COURT his plan to get Sansa out of King's Landing. Writer's I beg of you, do not let this character trait continue into season 3!For all the bad points of the episode there were some redeeming parts. Winterfell remained a strongly written and acted part of the show (luckily) and I quite liked the look of the Others and the wights, even though it's different from last season.
					
					
							Edited by Greenseer Stark, 04 June 2012 - 07:33 PM.
2244	congokong	2012-06-04	Awful season. Awful episode. I'm not sure if I'll be going back because I just get frustrated at this ego-stroking expression from D&D. Awful things this episode include:
-Jon/Quorin half-brain's relationship. None of the "ride with them" business. Quorin being taken in chains... No. And it just looks like Quorin attacks Jon for no reason. When would they have time alone to stage this? What's Jon's reasons for being with the wildlings now?
-Robb breaks his oath absent of grief and with full premeditation. He even discusses it with Catelyn who wasn't even there. Bran/Rickon's "death" has nothing to do with it. He just decides to break his word because of Jeyne/whatever her name is who kept following him and questioning his politics.
-When did Hot Pie learn Arya is a girl? He does know, right?
-Petyr opening approaches Sansa. They've completely ruined one of the twists of the third book.
-When the last scene appeared, I joked with my family that it would be another scene where Sam goes on about Gilly. Sadly, it actually was the case. That type of talk is suggestive of oath breaking. Although the glimpse of the whites who don't kill Sam for some reason was great, the ending of the 2nd book with Bran was much better. Speaking of which...
-WTF! Winterfell burns off-screen! Theon's finale ends with being bonked on the head? Seriously? A great speech's with what could have led to a great scene with Ramsey (who never shows up) lost all its thunder with that. Why did they kill Maester Luwin? And why did he act rather well in his last scene? I was hoping for the last line of Bran's last chapter to be the season's last words, but that was hoping for too much from these writers.
- When Theon asked Luwin's council, I expected to hear "take the black" but he says "run." My jaw dropped at that. And Dagmar and the others just leave like it'll be no problem.
-No prophecies for Daenerys. There were over 20 to use, and instead they made up their own.
-Why are the dragons so small? Have they still not eaten? That was one of the dropped topics from episode 1; as was Tyrion getting the poison from Pycelle. Anyway, that seen in the house of the undying was so unimaginative.
- Daenerys is now a looter. And she puts Xaro in a valyrian steel (right...) safe with nothing in it. How's that going to work for the fifth book?
- Jaime learns Brienne is a good fighter through 3 annoying guys who won't stop asking questions instead of going at her himself. :-(
- No Selmy. Instead Daenerys gets $$ for a ship by looting.
- When did Arya leave Harrenhal?
- Why would Varys care about Ros? None of the fans do.
The sad thing is I hear D&D have gotten 2 more seasons on their contracts for such a pitiful performance...
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 04 June 2012 - 08:28 PM.
2245	moonsblood	2012-06-04	No Shade of the Evening really bummed me out, I could have possibly forgiven what they did to HotU if there had been Shade of the Evening. 
Seriously what was the point of even introducing Dontos?  I suppose he can still be the go between for Littlefinger, but....
Why didn't the Wight horse have blue eyes? I liked the pilot episode wights way better.
2246	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	noone all season refered to brienne as wench, i mean come ON! that is a unmissable phrase from the books.  I can see no justification for its removal.
2247	FierceElite	2012-06-04	Awful season. Awful episode. I'm not sure if I'll be going back because I just get frustrated at this ego-stroking expression from D&D. Awful things this episode include:-Jon/Quorin half-brain's relationship. None of the "ride with them" business. Quorin being taken in chains... No. And it just looks like Quorin attacks Jon for no reason. When would they have time alone to stage this? What's Jon's reasons for being with the wildlings now?-Robb breaks his oath absent of grief and with full premeditation. He even discusses it with Catelyn who wasn't even there. Bran/Rickon's "death" has nothing to do with it. He just decides to break his word because of Jeyne/whatever her name is who kept following him and questioning his politics.-When did Hot Pie learn Arya is a girl? He does know, right?-Petyr opening approaches Sansa. They've completely ruined one of the twists of the third book.-When the last scene appeared, I joked with my family that it would be another scene where Sam goes on about Gilly. Sadly, it actually was the case. That type of talk is suggestive of oath breaking. Although the glimpse of the whites who don't kill Sam for some reason was great, the ending of the 2nd book with Bran was much better. Speaking of which...-WTF! Winterfell burns off-screen! Theon's finale ends with being bonked on the head? Seriously? A great speech's with what could have led to a great scene with Ramsey (who never shows up) lost all its thunder with that. Why did they kill Maester Aemond? And why did he act rather well in his last scene? I was hoping for the last line of Bran's last chapter to be the season's last words, but that was hoping for too much from these writers.- When Theon asked Aemond's council, I expected to hear "take the black" but he says "run." My jaw dropped at that. And Dagmar and the others just leave like it'll be no problem.-No prophecies for Daenerys. There were over 20 to use, and instead they made up their own.-Why are the dragons so small? Have they still not eaten? That was one of the dropped topics from episode 1; as was Tyrion getting the poison from Pycelle. Anyway, that seen in the house of the undying was so unimaginative.- Daenerys is now a looter. And she puts Xaro in a valyrian steel (right...) safe with nothing in it. How's that going to work for the fifth book?- Jaime learns Brienne is a good fighter through 3 annoying guys who won't stop asking questions instead of going at her himself. :-(- No Selmy. Instead Daenerys gets $$ for a ship by looting.- When did Arya leave Harrenhal?- Why would Varys care about Ros? None of the fans do.The sad thing is I hear D&D have gotten 2 more seasons on their contracts for such a pitiful performance...Maester Luwin, man. Maester Aemon is at the Wall.
2248	congokong	2012-06-04	Maester Luwin, man. Maester Aemon is at the Wall.Thanks. Gotta fix that.
2249	Tetrarch42	2012-06-04	Stannis' characterization... I always saw him as stoic, brooding, and irritable, not a man who flies into rages and strangles others on a whim. It seems like the different screenwriters are interpreting his chracacter completely differently. He went from a determined, just, and somewhat depressed/dour commander in episode 8, to a reckless action hero in episode 9, and now he's a tempermental domestic abuser? Pick your key chracteristics and stick with them until there's adequate explanation for a personality change, Stannis seems like he'd be diagnosed with dissociative personality disorder at this point. Pretty upsetting that they've reduced my favourite character to a mercurial bully.
Qhorin Half-hand acted like a moron and so is Littelfinger and Robb, like every character's IQ dropped 20 points from last season, must be the change of seasons.
2250	Reposado	2012-06-04	the thing that bothered me the most, and others have mentioned it, is that just weeks after pyat multiplied himself and killed 12 guys at once, he is destroyed by a short blast of flame. i would have used that much to light the candles on a birthday cake
2251	Jolene Brown	2012-06-04	I wrote a long post complaining but it got swallowed, so I just want to re-iterate more briefly that in addition to eliminating the impact the news of Bran/Rickon's deaths had on Robb's relationship with Talisa, and the (to me) annoying change in personality to supposedly make the character more "interesting," I really think that the fact that Robb married a Lannister bannerman's daughter of all people, was also too important to change.  The irony that Robb twice in close proximity put honor/justice toward the children of his enemies over the well-being of his own cause, particularly courageously so in the case of Karstark's murders, was really beautifully tragic to me.  I am no Stark fangirl, I root for the Lannisters in all situations, but it was still so moving and sad to see Robb make those choices knowing full well what their cost would be.  You need that echo of Ned.  Sure, people will say it's stupid, just like Ned was sort of stupid, but dammit, that's the point.  The Starks do the right thing when it's stupid.  I don't root for them, but I admire it, and you can't cut that out of the story.
2252	Lord of Many Faces	2012-06-04	Can someone explain to me why the blue rose is important in a way that would impact TV viewers? It's not like non-book-readers were told that Lyanna Stark like blue roses, so how would a vision with blue rose on the Wall make any sense for non-book-readers?
2253	Spidey	2012-06-04	-Jon/Quorin half-brain's relationship. None of the "ride with them" business. Quorin being taken in chains... No. And it just looks like Quorin attacks Jon for no reason. When would they have time alone to stage this? Watch episode 8 again.-Why are the dragons so small? Have they still not eaten? That was one of the dropped topics from episode 1; Watch episode 5 (or was it 6?) again.- Daenerys is now a looter. That's what Dothraki do.  And she's their queen.And she puts Xaro in a valyrian steel (right...) safe with nothing in it. How's that going to work for the fifth book? They can cut that out for all I care.  The less time spent in Meereen the better.- No Selmy. Instead Daenerys gets $$ for a ship by looting. And next season she will get an army by breaking a contract. That's how she roles.- When did Arya leave Harrenhal? Watch Episode 8 again.
2254	congokong	2012-06-04	That's what Dothraki do.  And she's their queen.They also keep slaves, and you know she feels about that.
2255	teemo	2012-06-04	the thing that bothered me the most, and others have mentioned it, is that just weeks after pyat multiplied himself and killed 12 guys at once, he is destroyed by a short blast of flame. i would have used that much to light the candles on a birthday cake /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />@congokong - I agree with everything you said, and you pointed out some things I haven't even thought of.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 09:06 PM.
2256	Lord of Many Faces	2012-06-04	-Jon/Quorin half-brain's relationship. None of the "ride with them" business. Quorin being taken in chains... No. And it just looks like Quorin attacks Jon for no reason. When would they have time alone to stage this? What's Jon's reasons for being with the wildlings now?-Robb breaks his oath absent of grief and with full premeditation. He even discusses it with Catelyn who wasn't even there. Bran/Rickon's "death" has nothing to do with it. He just decides to break his word because of Jeyne/whatever her name is who kept following him and questioning his politics.-When did Hot Pie learn Arya is a girl? He does know, right?-Petyr opening approaches Sansa. They've completely ruined one of the twists of the third book.-When the last scene appeared, I joked with my family that it would be another scene where Sam goes on about Gilly. Sadly, it actually was the case. That type of talk is suggestive of oath breaking. Although the glimpse of the whites who don't kill Sam for some reason was great, the ending of the 2nd book with Bran was much better. Speaking of which...-WTF! Winterfell burns off-screen! Theon's finale ends with being bonked on the head? Seriously? A great speech's with what could have led to a great scene with Ramsey (who never shows up) lost all its thunder with that. Why did they kill Maester Luwin? And why did he act rather well in his last scene? I was hoping for the last line of Bran's last chapter to be the season's last words, but that was hoping for too much from these writers.- When Theon asked Luwin's council, I expected to hear "take the black" but he says "run." My jaw dropped at that. And Dagmar and the others just leave like it'll be no problem.-No prophecies for Daenerys. There were over 20 to use, and instead they made up their own.-Why are the dragons so small? Have they still not eaten? That was one of the dropped topics from episode 1; as was Tyrion getting the poison from Pycelle. Anyway, that seen in the house of the undying was so unimaginative.- Daenerys is now a looter. And she puts Xaro in a valyrian steel (right...) safe with nothing in it. How's that going to work for the fifth book?- Jaime learns Brienne is a good fighter through 3 annoying guys who won't stop asking questions instead of going at her himself. :-(- No Selmy. Instead Daenerys gets $$ for a ship by looting.- When did Arya leave Harrenhal?- Why would Varys care about Ros? None of the fans do.The sad thing is I hear D&D have gotten 2 more seasons on their contracts for such a pitiful performance...1) in Episode 8, Jon Snowed said to Quorin how he blames himself for causing them to get captured, but Quorin said "see to that it wasn't in vain." That should be enough to imply that they are staging it?2) Valid point3) How does that even matter?4) It was already implied in season 1 that he has some sort of odd interest in Sansa5) What makes you think that the White Walkers actually "saw" Sam? The White Walker looks at the screen, at the audience.6) In episode 8, Tywin said that the Ironborn would probably betray Theon. Episode 10 proved it. What I think happened was that Dagmer knocked Theon out, in order to give him up to whoever was outside Winterfell.7) Um, Luwin did say "take the black"8) I don't think the prophecies would make much sense to non-bookreaders. especially the Blue Rose. the show never stated that Lyanna likes Blue Roses. So how would that make sense in the TV show sense9) Wow. Never thought someone would complain about the size of the dragons at this point10) Do you seriously think its good to have Xaro gone for 4 years and then all of a sudden back to the show? Again, think of it through scope of a Tv show11) Why not? Dothraki loot. She's the khaleesi, they need a boat, why not loot from the person who tried to a) take your baby, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> imprison you for life?12) Valid point13) Valid point, but i dont think it's important14) You serious?15) Valid pointBase on the complaints i see so far, i think what DD should have done is place a camera infront of the books, and slowly turn the pages. That way it would stay super faithful to the books.
2257	Angalin	2012-06-04	<mod>
Nitpick without repercussion doesn't actually translate to "be as rude as you like to everybody concerned, up to and including other boarders".  Just sayin'.
</mod>
2258	teemo	2012-06-04	1) in Episode 8, Jon Snowed said to Quorin how he blames himself for causing them to get captured, but Quorin said "see to that it wasn't in vain." That should be enough to imply that they are staging it?2) Valid point3) How does that even matter?4) It was already implied in season 1 that he has some sort of odd interest in Sansa5) What makes you think that the White Walkers actually "saw" Sam? The White Walker looks at the screen, at the audience.6) In episode 8, Tywin said that the Ironborn would probably betray Theon. Episode 10 proved it. What I think happened was that Dagmer knocked Theon out, in order to give him up to whoever was outside Winterfell.7) Um, Luwin did say "take the black"8) I don't think the prophecies would make much sense to non-bookreaders. especially the Blue Rose. the show never stated that Lyanna likes Blue Roses. So how would that make sense in the TV show sense9) Wow. Never thought someone would complain about the size of the dragons at this point10) Do you seriously think its good to have Xaro gone for 4 years and then all of a sudden back to the show? Again, think of it through scope of a Tv show11) Why not? Dothraki loot. She's the khaleesi, they need a boat, why not loot from the person who tried to a) take your baby, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> imprison you for life?12) Valid point13) Valid point, but i dont think it's important14) You serious?15) Valid pointBase on the complaints i see so far, i think what DD should have done is place a camera infront of the books, and slowly turn the pages. That way it would stay super faithful to the books.Sorry, I'm just really frustrated with this season.  Didn't mean to be a bitch and just kind of exploded.  But really, you can say whatever you want, but for the good of the thread, this is typically a place where people can complain about what they want without being hassled.  There are plenty of other feel-good threads out there (although there aren't as many this week).
2259	Angalin	2012-06-04	Sayin' further: if you don't like the modding, complain about it via PM, not in public.  We get tetchy otherwise.
2260	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	i for one think the mods are doing a great job.
do I get anything for brownnosing?
2261	Bill	2012-06-04	House of the undying was meh. If Pyat Pree is so powerful now, how can he be burned to death so easily?Since the existence of dragons has so much importance to the strength of sorcery, I have no problem believing there is something special about dragon fire.
2262	Sharpes	2012-06-04	Yeah, when I first heard HotU on the season 2 soundtrack and noticed a lack of morbid tension (how I imagined the undying part) I had this uneasy feeling it wouldn't be that good. Sadly, it came true. ;_;
2263	Lebronn Jaime	2012-06-04	My major nitpick with this season is this: they included nothing that makes ASoIaF special. The subtle, grey characters and the purposely atypical fantasy set the series apart from standard Fantasy fare, and none of that was translated onto the screen. In the absence of the books' internal points of view we have bipolar, exaggerated characters telling us their motivations. Every "small" plot or character change made by the writers has had a domino effect that makes other events and actions (even those that are true to the novels) seem nonsensical as well. I don't mind alterations that serve a practical filming or storytelling purpose, but we've seen too many changes that serve no purpose and only confuse the narrative.The seemingly haphazard choices to adhere or diverge from the established story and characters leave me confounded as to what the theme(s) of this show are supposed to be. This despite all the interviews in which D&D attempt to tell me what the intention of their production is.
					
					
							Edited by Lebronn Jamie, 04 June 2012 - 10:52 PM.
2264	Wolfheart	2012-06-04	Ghost? Oh yeah he was in like 2 very short scenes. NOT EVEN WITH Jon. Just THERE. At least Jon interacted with Ghost in season 1. In season 2. Ghost has just been a blur tag along. At this point I dont even know if many non readers know Ghost is still around.
And Grey Wind...sad to say also got a bit hosed. Needed him in one more seen at least by Robb side.
2265	Stubby	2012-06-04	[MOD]
Folks, a personal attack is an attack on the person.  Attacks on the ideas expressed by another poster are permitted.  It's part of discussion.
Having said that, please keep the discussion civil. From this point on this thread posts will be deleted and suspensions dished out for personal attacks.
[/MOD]
2266	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	I was not a big fan of Brienne's extra painfully method to kill one of the soldiers, just seems like something book Brienne would never do. Brienne is never deliberately cruel.
2267	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-05	Base on the complaints i see so far, i think what DD should have done is place a camera infront of the books, and slowly turn the pages. That way it would stay super faithful to the books.Ha oh man this made me laugh. Good stuff man. I enjoy the random zingers on these boards.I personally loved the finale, but I completely understand everyone's nitpicks. It is disappointing. And since this is a nitpick thread, I shall go about nitpicking.People say you have to just accept that the books and the show are two different and separate things. But should we really have to accept that? Especially after how well the first book was adapted.Is it so much to ask that the show follow the books very close? We understand they have a budget, and we understand that some things we have to be excluded. But the scenes they do include shouldn't be changed for what seems like no reason. Or be simplified to satisfy the "average" viewer.I also don't understand people saying that including the prophecies and visions would confuse non-readers, that whole chapter confused the hell out of every reader when they first went through it. That's how it's supposed to be. Sometimes you have to come to understand things. Just because you don't understand something right away doesn't make it a bad thing.I also don't like the thought of the prophecies coming in later via Quaithe, that weakens the impact that the prophecies would have had. Martin could have easily divided the prophecies over the books via Quaithe, but he didn't. He went for the big impact that was the HotU.
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 05 June 2012 - 03:13 AM.
2268	Come Try Me	2012-06-05	Brienne slowly killing the third soldier is entirely out of her book character. 
No mention of Tysha by Tyrion all season? No mention of "my giant of a lannister?" Now Tyrion is going look like a complete dick when he offs Tywin.
Littlerfinger! Come on. Book little finger would never be that stupid.
Drogo scene was uneccessary.
2269	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	Brienne slowly killing the third soldier is entirely out of her book character.It's funny because in a weird way it matches the stupidity with Jaime's killing of Alton Lannister.  They irritate me in identical ways.  It would have made more sense for her to make some somewhat self-righteous remark like 'You gave her a slow death, but yours will be quick," or something that if I was paid to write for the show I would take more time to think of.
2270	Bloodraven's Lost Eye	2012-06-05	Every change from the book in this episode was utterly pointless, and the annoying thing is, I can't think of genuinely good reasons for any of them. At all.This is exactly how I feel... To me it seems like the director of this episode had too much pride to just use the good, cinematographic writing by GRRM.
2271	Les Berceaux	2012-06-05	Nope the horse shat in front of the throne, not outside the throne room.This is my major nitpick from episode #20. It was still hilarious, but could have been sooo fantastic (albeit a little too campy) if it had happened directly in front of the throne.Can I just ask, and I hope nobody interprets this as bitching about those who bitch, but is it fair for us to assume the directors have read the books? Maybe this should be discussed in another thread, because the obvious follow up question is: should the directors feel obligated to read the books?
					
					
							Edited by Les Berceaux, 05 June 2012 - 03:57 AM.
2272	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	It is hugely unlikely that the directors have read the books.  It is not even necessarily the case, I would guess, that they have seen much of the show.
2273	Roose Seal	2012-06-05	Most of the actors haven't even read the books. 
And I'm starting to think the writers only read the chapter summaries on the wiki.
2274	StarkWard	2012-06-05	I'm going to post even before reading all the other lot in this thread. I was even dreading to go here after the episode ended.
First off,
1. No Northern wedding? In the books, they never really show what ceremony was used, but I was really looking forward to an exchange of cloaks, perhaps a makeshift one for Jeyne/Talisa.
2. Shae really loves her lion now. We don't really know if she voluntarily crept in Tywin's bed, but in the books, I always thought of her as a whore, just that. No loyalty whatsoever. Perhaps D&D want to make her "betrayal" more heartbreaking.
3. Where the hell is Ghost?! He was the only external factor that made it possible for Jon to defeat Quorin. Now, Jon looks like a better fighter than he really is.
4. I was expecting to see Jaime and Brienne fighting together. I guess they reserved all that for season 3.
5. Since this is nitpicking anyway, Jaqen's Face#2 looks like the horned monster from Pan's Labyrinth. Okay, that's overboard, maybe a random character from Narnia.
6. I trembled more on the wildling camp than seeing the Others + wights.
2275	tws1978	2012-06-05	Aggo, Jhogo, RakharoIrri, Doreah and JhiquiOk what's deal?First they mess around with Aggo, Jhogo, Rakharo , I don't even know who is left? First of the season she has three, now there is only one?Well we know about the acting career of one of those, would minded if he had his place taken by one other warrior in  Dany's Khal, there seemed to be others.Last year they messed with Irri, Doreah and Jhiqui... have to go back and look but seemed there three, tho not those three last year.Now zero Handmadiens!What's the deal, not major characters, but not minor characters.As I have said before those 6 continue a Dothraki continuity as a spiritual undertow that George has kept through out all five novels. An essential trimming.Yeah I know even more characters to be added next year, but the contracts of these characters must have been year by year. They could not have been than expensive! Their speaking roles were minimal but their presence added to the spirit, why take that away?Most of actors doesnÂ´t want to spend weeks and weeks on the set doing nothing. ThatÂ´s why the original Mountain left. The characters you named had a meaningfull supporting speaking roles in the first season but eventually become just a part of the background scenery. ThatÂ´s easy for GRRM who just every 200 or so pages gives them a line or mentions their presence, but itÂ´s not possible for the show. The actors wants to have an actual roles to play and the show canÂ´t give them a fullscale pay for something whatÂ´s essentially an extra or underfives work. And even if they agreed on a paycut the show is still produced on location and that means hotel, plane tickets, catering all paid by the production. Not really worthy for a few "it is known."
2276	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	I'm going to post even before reading all the other lot in this thread. I was even dreading to go here after the episode ended.3. Where the hell is Ghost?! He was the only external factor that made it possible for Jon to defeat Quorin. Now, Jon looks like a better fighter than he really is.Yes! And now it looks like a cold-blooed murder from Jon. I liked that Qhorin's last words were part of the NW vow, but I wish they would have shown Jon's motivations about that too. How hard would it have been to, lets say, have Jon's lips moving in the same words said by Qhorin just to show that Jon is still serious about his vows? I have no idea how they will show his loyalty towards the NW when he joins the wildlings. Show his repeating the vow to Ghost or a random weritree somewhere? Apparently not, because there is no Ghost nor trees north of the Wall. (Not to mention, the wildlings have not even seen Ghost and reacted to him yet - Jon should show some warging abilities, tor that changes him a lot in their eyes.)The second missing direwolf is Greywind, on the same scale as Ghost. He only appears when threatening Jaime, we do not know if he wlaks around the camp in his free time, does he sleep in Robb's tent, does he follow Robb around, where is he? What is his reaction to the Volantene nurse? What does Catelyn think of him? Robb's warging dreams? There was not much Robb in the books, so they could have shown many things that would not be against the book-canon for his story, instead of just focusing on the romance with the 21st cebtury character magically transported to a feudal system society.
2277	Come Try Me	2012-06-05	Also, Qhorin Halfhand was an extreme disappointment. Not only was there a lack of interaction with Jon explaining the situation, but he is suppose to be one of the finest rangers in the Night's watch. A living legend. Yet on screen, he just comes off as tired, weak looking old man. Horrible casting IMO.
2278	White Raven	2012-06-05	The board ate my last post here so I can nitpick again:
I really like the color schemes of the dragons in the books: black and red for Drogon, green and bronze for Rhaegal, white and gold for Viserion.
So I'm a little disappointed that Viserion looked all golden in this episode. His prominent color should be white, with gold for the wings and horns. The other two dragons looked fine though.
2279	Dolorous Ali	2012-06-05	Arya not killing the guard!! That's ducked up, I want to see her kill, even more than she has done in the books. Just my luck.
I agree that HOTU was shit! Nothing about the "three" things. Come on, in the later books she always whines and ponders about the three.
Jon's story was fucked up. I liked the books much better.
2280	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	I wanted to post something on the adaption thread, but it got closed! /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />(
someone had commented that HBO had improved Brienne's character
I say what? what? what?
Again, I just cant understand where people come up with stuff like this. 
Use Sunday's episode as an example.  She kills 3 men, 1 quite cold bloodily.  She shows no remorse, she just does it and ooooh she is the avenging angel for the murdered tavern girls.  I fully expected a quip to follow something along the lines of "Hang This"  that is so one dimensional, there are no ramifications for killing someone, no downside.  Even her killing of three armed men is incredibly easy, the equivalent of a single gunshot killing 3 indians in an old timey western.
Compare that to GRRMs works where when Brienne takes a life she suffers from self doubt, regret, pain.  Those complex and real emotions make her infinitely more interesting cause there is actually a human being there to relate to.  Even Brienne haters (and I find myself not loving her chapters) can understand her motivations, her personality in the book-huge freak of a woman with no true role to play, a brain that works slowly to get to certain points with a high degree of honor (nicely tied to her slow wits) a touching unrequited love for the charismatic king who showed her a simple kindness
compare that to the 1 dimensional cartoon character on tv!
2281	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-05	Margaery is a whore who apparently owns one dress. This has been my biggest and longest running problem with this show. There's a lot of things I realize they don't have the budget for. There are SO MANY characters and they can't all be cast by good talent. Too much happens to fit into 10 episodes so things will get cut. I even understand how hard it is to tell that a scene will seem to drag and eat time in the writing stage when it seems miniscule on paper and once you're filming, you're pretty much committed to your script, with maybe a few minor changes. So why, with so much different do I hate the wardrobe issues? I guess because I can get into this being a different experience, like, say the Harry Potter movies. But minor details kill the immersion and this suffers from one of my big pet peeves - The Character Uniform Syndrome. I should mention that awesome shows like BSG and DS9 & B5 often skirt this being involved with a military organization of some sort, and even BSG especially dressed down many characters at point. Essentially, this syndrome is the characters of any given show wearing the same damn clothes every minute of every day, sometimes even in bed, while having sex, etc. For days, weeks, even years. For many shows I can see this as something overlooked, or even viewed as tedium, but christ sakes the fucking book describes a wardrobe for every character in every scene. The work is done for you. As tedious as it seems in the book at times, it's one aspect that really makes the world come alive. I still have this picture stuck in my head of the Freys and Dreadfort men passing Moat Caitlin. It was that well conveyed how intimidating they looked. I've read dozens of fantasy novels with armies marching and none seem to convey the size and sheer numbers like Martin does and it's because of the details. So wealthy people like Littlefinger, the fucking Queen, Tywin Lannister who btw is the richest man in Westeros all wear the same outfit every day for, what a year running now. Don't ask why this irks me but it does. It's a part of the books you take for granted, just like the fact I gain 20 pounds everytime I read one, just from the descriptions of the food. Hilariously, he writes in a format very similar to TV shows which you'd think would make their job easier.
2282	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-05	Jon. Another character that got screwed up. His killing of Qhorin was just too ambiguous. The non-reader I watch with wasn't sure if he killed him on orders or because he got pissed. Couldn't they had him order Jon to turned and kill him in a more clear way? I don't know if they trying to create drama by making the audience questions Jon's motives but that is just not Jon! he was always loyal and never truly wanted to turn cloak. Jon and Qhorin's relationship was just destroyed here. This one made no sense to me. Ygritte says something the effect of"Tell Mance Rayder this is the man who killed Qhorin Halfhand."Really? The Qhorin who managed to get captured while accomplishing not very much on his ranging/intel mission. How is this impressive. And Rattleshirt (I think) caught him so wouldn't that be MORE impressive, considering I cannot imagine Qhorin Halfhand allowing himself to be taken alive. He arranges his escape from being taken alive nicely in the book.
2283	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-05	!!!!!!!! I think im about to have a heart attack!!!!!!
Was i mistaken when i heard Hodor, yes HODOR! say "My fucking Lord" when he took Rickon's hand after they left Luwin????!!!!!  He said it very low, but just watch it again.... I swear he said it!
:-O
2284	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-05	Since the existence of dragons has so much importance to the strength of sorcery, I have no problem believing there is something special about dragon fire.This is a nitpick without repercussions thread and that remains one of my nitpicks.  I get that the dragon fire is unnaturally powerful but that scene was very anticlimactic and based on some of the other comments here I am not the only one who thinks so.Also, I want to say how much I agree with the comments people made here regarding how Brienne killed that last guard slowly to draw out the pain and suffering.  Even if it was supposed to be in retaliation for what the guard did to one of the three tavern wenches that were strung up it was so unnecessarily cruel.  Book Brienne would never have done that, even if it could have been justified as revenge.  That just makes her the same as the guards who killed the tavern girls in the first place, which goes against everything that Brienne's and Jaime's story is about (same thing with how Jaime coldly premeditated the murder of Alton which is just not Jaime - who acts very rashly and without thinking when he or someone he loves is threatened). What most bothers me about this, now that I think about it, is that I think we are supposed to believe that Brienne is so "badass" for doing this and therefore cool, awesome, to be admired, etc.  I don't like how this idea is being perpetuated on this show that being "badass" is awesome, especially if you have to do something overly cruel to come off as "badass".  Just because it is in revenge for something doesn't make it good.  Though I admit that it's not just this show that seems to perpetuate this idea.  It seems to be a modern ideal that can be found in many movies and shows today.
2285	DrogonEatsYou	2012-06-05	Like many here, I was highly disapointed in the episode, and the series as a whole.  I remember at the end of season 1... I couldnt wait to run out and buy the books, I bought the paperback, 'from the original series on HBO' 4 book set, so I guess HBO made some extra cash off me there somehow.  I really wish they hadn't.  I dont feel good about even contributing time to watch the series now, I know I'm just one TV, but I dont want them to have any decent ratings if its going to continue like this.  The zombie march at the end just put me over the edge.  There was sooooo much deviated this season from original content in the books, I was okay with some, but a lot was just nonsense, the zombie march, just nonsense.  I dont know if I'll be back here to post ever again, as far as I'm concerned, if there is another season, I will abstain from it and get my 1 hour back every Sunday evening.  I dont want to watch any more of this and have it tarnish the great stories I read by GRRM.
2286	Reposado	2012-06-05	Margaery is a whore who apparently owns one dress.not true. it was definitely a different dress. she just favors dresses with an open front.
2287	David Selig	2012-06-05	Margaery's dress this episode looked much better than the ridiculous ice cream cone shaped one she wore in episodes 4 and 5 of this season.
2288	Tadco26	2012-06-05	Really? The Qhorin who managed to get captured while accomplishing not very much on his ranging/intel mission. How is this impressive. And Rattleshirt (I think) caught him so wouldn't that be MORE impressive, considering I cannot imagine Qhorin Halfhand allowing himself to be taken alive. He arranges his escape from being taken alive nicely in the book.The other thing is if Qhorin can steal a sword so easily and is supposed to be the best ranger in the watch, why doesn't he just wait and steal one to kill Mance himself?  Why would he have any faith that bumbling TV Jon Snow could do the job?  Not to mention that Jon's "mission" as much as it was given on the show was to kill Mance, rather than to ride with them and report back to Mormont on what they discovered.  TV Qhorin was such an opposite of his book version.  The book version respects the wildlings, the TV version calls them goat fuckers.  The book version obviously believes in his vows, the TV version spits on them.  The book version takes Jon under his wing, and the TV version thinks Jon is a moron.  Book version would never allow himself to be captured alive, and the TV version is captured with no visible injuries.Which all goes back to my main complaint with this season in general.  I completely understand that they don't have the budget to show all the battles or the CGI to show the wolves in as many scenes as we would like if they had a movie budget.  But the core story and dialogue could stay more faithful without those things in the same amount of screen time, with the same budget.As I have said before, all they had to do to stay faithful to the core of Jon and Qhorin's story is have Ygritte escape and NOT be recaptured by Jon.  Qhorin finds Jon and tells him he and the other rangers killed a group of wildlings, but all the other rangers died and there are more wildlings hunting them.  Qhorin tells Jon that if they are captured he must join the wildlings, and do whatever is necessary.  He tells him to ride with them, and report back what he finds.  Wildlings trap Jon and Qhorin and Jon asks to join them.  Rattleshirt tells Jon to fight Qhorin to prove himself and he does.  Jon joins.  Jon and Ygritte get their one on one talking time on the walk to Mance instead of as prisoner/captor.  This could have all been done by changing a few lines of dialogue and reordering the sequence of events in the same amount of screen time they used without any need for more CGI or any more budget.  And Jon and Qhorin being hunted is a hell of a lot more dramatic than watching Jon with Ygritte as a prisoners followed by Qhorin and Jon as prisoners just walking thru the snow.So what is frustrating is that I can come up with a reasonable way to be more faithful to the story without adding the CGI of Ghost or being 100% line for line, or adding any more budget pretty easily just by following an outline of what happened in the books rather than writing my own completely redone interpretation.  Changes I expect, complete re-writings should be for battles or things that are clearly just too expensive to portray on a TV budget.
2289	Roose Seal	2012-06-05	This is a nitpick without repercussions thread and that remains one of my nitpicks.  I get that the dragon fire is unnaturally powerful but that scene was very anticlimactic and based on some of the other comments here I am not the only one who thinks so.Also, I want to say how much I agree with the comments people made here regarding how Brienne killed that last guard slowly to draw out the pain and suffering.  Even if it was supposed to be in retaliation for what the guard did to one of the three tavern wenches that were strung up it was so unnecessarily cruel.  Book Brienne would never have done that, even if it could have been justified as revenge.  That just makes her the same as the guards who killed the tavern girls in the first place, which goes against everything that Brienne's and Jaime's story is about (same thing with how Jaime coldly premeditated the murder of Alton which is just not Jaime - who acts very rashly and without thinking when he or someone he loves is threatened).What most bothers me about this, now that I think about it, is that I think we are supposed to believe that Brienne is so "badass" for doing this and therefore cool, awesome, to be admired, etc.  I don't like how this idea is being perpetuated on this show that being "badass" is awesome, especially if you have to do something overly cruel to come off as "badass".  Just because it is in revenge for something doesn't make it good.  Though I admit that it's not just this show that seems to perpetuate this idea.  It seems to be a modern ideal that can be found in many movies and shows today.I think that a lot of writers are under the impression that if you want to write a good "strong" female character, she must be ruthless and cruel. Apparently if you are a woman, you cannot be "badass" and compassionate at the same time. So you're either a naive innocent virgin or a cruel heartless bitch.Brienne is such a strong character in the books because she does not enjoy killing but if it's her duty to do so, she will, but won't be happy about it. She appears as strong and detached but at the core, she still has qualities that we usually define as "womanly", such as compassion and empathy. Show!Brienne just looks like a mindless killing machine so far and there's nothing about her that makes her a strong female character. She's just a stupid man in a woman's body.The way she killed the man seemed unnecessarily cruel but for some reason the writers are under the impression that a woman being cruel is supposed to be "badass". If the roles had been reversed and a man killed a woman by slowly pushing his sword in her vagina, I doubt anyone here would call it "badass". Double standards are insulting to both sides: the subtext here is that the only way a woman can be assertive and 'badass' is by being heartless and sadistic.
2290	RoamingRonin	2012-06-05	Why. Didn't. Rhaego. Have. White. Hair.
2291	Archmaester Marwin	2012-06-05	They turned Jon into a straight up turncloak, in addition to a whining, brooding idiot. They really should have had Jon and Qorin escape capture, and Qorin give his orders, Jon refuse, Qorin insist, then the wildlings come and Jon kill Qorin under explicit orders, not just some corny half baked, poorly acted ruse. Not to mention the ruined the halfhands character in general. He spoke and acted just like Yorin, wheras in the books he was described as sitting cross legged with perfect erect posture, preferring to drink plain boiled water, a long silver braid down his back....everything spoke of an almost native american cliche of rugged nobility and intimate connection with the land...not just another foul mouthed brit lowlife. Did they even show his hand? or Davos? stupid. Stupid stupid stupid.
The Ros scene...god damnit why.
2292	Dread Pirate Euron	2012-06-05	- What the hell is with the wedding in the light of the 7? The Starks follow the old gods, it is known.- Dany looks like a stone cold bitch by condemning Doreah to be eaten by XXDOther then that I'm just trying to look ast the changes. Its just disappointing to see how well the books were followed in the first season and not in the second. It seriously wouldn't have been that hard to do and may have even been easier. I get it that they won't be exactly the same but the first season was superb television and was extremely faithful so don't try to tell me the second season would ahve been anydifferent if they simply looked at the damn books.Brienne's scene was fine by me. She had to protect her mission and these guys were going to kill her. She prolonged the guys death by what? A minute? Fuck it, he deserved a sword up his ass.
2293	Grendel Khan	2012-06-05	The really sad part is, it would have taken like 10 seconds to establish John is doing his duty for the watch by killing Halfhand.
They could have done everything the same, but during teh fight scene, Halfhand charges John and tackles him down a hill and they roll away from the wildlings. JOhn ends up on top of HH and they whisper their plans,
John: What are you doing?
HH: We are both dead men unless they think you've turned your cloak. Do whatever they ask of you and do not hesitate.
Continue fight and HH gets shivved. Easy as that. Not only does it clear up HH's clever plan for the audience, but it shows that JOhn is still loyal to the watch and is playing infiltrator. His struggles in accepting the wilding ways in SoS become more believable and we book readers can stop complaining about how poorly that whole scene was handled.
2294	lojzelote	2012-06-05	Why. Didn't. Rhaego. Have. White. Hair.Because his father was dark haired Dothraki warrior, who (unless he had some Lyseni blood in him or something) had no reccessive genes to pass on?Rhaego in Dany's vision in aGoT might have been just how she imagined her son would look like. It was a dream. Not all Targaryen dreams have to be neccessarily prophetic, and this was certainly wasn't - Rhaego was stillborn, he never grew up into the tall and proud man she saw.
					
					
							Edited by lojzelote, 05 June 2012 - 10:45 AM.
2295	Grendel Khan	2012-06-05	Just wanted to add...
KILL ROS ALREADY!
Sorry, had to get that off my chest. There;s too many charcters that need storylines beefed up to keep wasting time with the TV writers pet project.
2296	teemo	2012-06-05	Didn't one of Dany's handmaidens get burned by the dragons when they were kinda little?  Even though they're dragons, I'm still not sure a tiny puff of smoke is just going to kill a warlock.  Sounds like a stretch.  It was believable in ADWD....not here.  And someone needs to feed them because they look even smaller than usual.
ETA:  And is just me or does the board look really funky right now?
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 05 June 2012 - 11:53 AM.
2297	Pellaeon	2012-06-05	Am I the only one who fear a Sansa Tyrion Shae threesome is coming next year?EDIT: no sarcasmSophie will still be underage.  She just turned 16 in February. Thank R'hllor for that.Anybody else with an oppinion?No offence
2298	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-06-05	Why. Didn't. Rhaego. Have. White. Hair.Why. Doesn't. Jon.hmmmm.......
2299	teemo	2012-06-05	Anybody else with an oppinion?No offencelol, I'll give more opinions on it, if you want.  I think if Sophie was older HBO might do that for the "shock factor."  (like how they throw the word "cunt" around all of the time.  OMG YOU SAID THE C WORD!!!!)  It could be implied without showing anything, but isn't even the implication illegal in some places?Someone threw out the wacky idea that maybe Ros will be shipped to help Dany and be her new handmaiden by Varys and they'll have their lesbian interaction.  That sounds a little more likely, although really fucking stupid and god, please NO.  Even though I love women, it would just look like it came from absolutely nowhere if they do any kind of lesbian experimentation with Dany.  It's really not integral to the storyline and now that all of the handmaidens are gone it will just look super, super gratuitous.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 05 June 2012 - 11:59 AM.
2300	Pellaeon	2012-06-05	isn't even the implication illegal in some places?In don't think the implication isn't legal anywhere in the western world
2301	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	I think that a lot of writers are under the impression that if you want to write a good "strong" female character, she must be ruthless and cruel. Apparently if you are a woman, you cannot be "badass" and compassionate at the same time. So you're either a naive innocent virgin or a cruel heartless bitch.Brienne is such a strong character in the books because she does not enjoy killing but if it's her duty to do so, she will, but won't be happy about it. She appears as strong and detached but at the core, she still has qualities that we usually define as "womanly", such as compassion and empathy. Show!Brienne just looks like a mindless killing machine so far and there's nothing about her that makes her a strong female character. She's just a stupid man in a woman's body.The way she killed the man seemed unnecessarily cruel but for some reason the writers are under the impression that a woman being cruel is supposed to be "badass". If the roles had been reversed and a man killed a woman by slowly pushing his sword in her vagina, I doubt anyone here would call it "badass".Double standards are insulting to both sides: the subtext here is that the only way a woman can be assertive and 'badass' is by being heartless and sadistic.That's exactly the issue here, they want to make her "badass", but all they've done is make her unlikable. Brienne is one of my favorite characters in the books and I am completely meh on show Brienne.
2302	teemo	2012-06-05	That's exactly the issue here, they want to make her "badass", but all they've done is make her unlikable. Brienne is one of my favorite characters in the books and I am completely meh on show Brienne.I think Gwendoline is a kick-ass actress and GREAT for the role of Brienne.  She poured her heart and soul into the character and I can't think of how she could be better.  I think anything that makes her look bad is 100% the writers faults.  And they did make her look a bit cruel and ruthless.  They do that with all of the women, because for some reason they think cruel or vindictive or bratty women are more multi-dimensional and interesting (Talisa, Shae, Brienne).  And as a girl, I think that's total BS.  I think Sansa is totally badass for staying alive....for not going freakin' mad and how she goes along with the game.  She doesn't have the street smarts like Arya, but she is badass in her own way, and the writers don't seem to agree on that.
2303	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	Exactly, Brienne is probably other than Ned the single most noble character in the books, without her honor the entire Jaime redemption story doesn't work.  What makes her a badass is that her honor was so pure it can even rekindle the honor of someone to whom it was all but lost. But I doubt we will see that in the show.
Also the bit writing about boys trying to rape her is also completely weird, she is Lord Selwyn's daughter, who on the Island of Tarth is going to try to rape the Lord's daughter? That part made no sense to me.
2304	Reposado	2012-06-05	That's exactly the issue here, they want to make her "badass", but all they've done is make her unlikable. Brienne is one of my favorite characters in the books and I am completely meh on show Brienne.the book brienne is a good fighter but not so assertive. she definitely doesnt make quips as she's killing. show brienne is just a vindictive killing machine, and her personality is tough to watch
2305	Kaitscralt	2012-06-05	I know this is supposed to be without repercussion, but I don't get how so many people don't think Jon and the Halfhand exchanged sufficient dialogue to make it clear what Jon must do. I have lengthy discussions after each episode with several non-reader's and none of them were confused by the motive there.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 05 June 2012 - 12:32 PM.
2306	Roose Seal	2012-06-05	I think Gwendoline is a kick-ass actress and GREAT for the role of Brienne.  She poured her heart and soul into the character and I can't think of how she could be better.  I think anything that makes her look bad is 100% the writers faults.  And they did make her look a bit cruel and ruthless.  They do that with all of the women, because for some reason they think cruel or vindictive or bratty women are more multi-dimensional and interesting (Talisa, Shae, Brienne).  And as a girl, I think that's total BS.  I think Sansa is totally badass for staying alive....for not going freakin' mad and how she goes along with the game.  She doesn't have the street smarts like Arya, but she is badass in her own way, and the writers don't seem to agree on that.Gwendoline Christie is definitely not at fault here, as far as I'm concerned she's pretty great, and the fact that she has shit material to work with makes her even better.For all the flaws this show can have, bad casting is definitely not one of them.
2307	teemo	2012-06-05	Gwendoline Christie is definitely not at fault here, as far as I'm concerned she's pretty great, and the fact that she has shit material to work with makes her even better.For all the flaws this show can have, bad casting is definitely not one of them.Yeah, casting is awesome.  Can't nitpick that.  Even Esme Bianco is a decent actress, I just hate Ros with a passion.  That Spice King was a really good actor.
2308	Raksha the Demon	2012-06-05	1. They make Qhorin Halfhand look like an idiot, although they've previously tried to establish him as a legend through Lord Mormont and Jon's conversation as they were ascending Fist of the First Man. But well, I think they kind of ruined Jon's story in favour of more BGR between Jon and Ygritte, it's hard to believe Jon will be elected as Lord Commander in the next book. Also, in episode 9, I'm slightly confused why no one can hear what Qhorin was telling Jon.2. Littlefinger stealing the Hound's line (which I liked a lot) about liars. He already stole the Hound's story about his burnt face previously.3. Making Brienne look more badass than necessary. The Brienne I know from the book did not kill a man with her sword until Book 4. I'm just curious why some of the female characters on the show were made more badass (including Shae) while Arya was not allowed to kill a guard.4. Robb and Talisa's wedding not done in the fashion of the Old Gods + what Robb said to Cat (he sounds quite wilful, but well they've kind of ruined Robb's character in the show already, damage is beyond repair] Maybe it's hard to find a hearttree in the south? But it's just quite unthinkable that Ned's heir not marrying in the fashion of the Old Gods.5. Dagmer Cleftjaw. I'm okay with him at Winterfell instead at Torrhen's Square, but I never thought he would sell Theon out. Also, as portrayed in the tv, it seems that every ironborn agrees to just surrender Theon so that they can go home. I just do not like the Ironborn being portrayed as such unloyal and afraid of fighting. [or maybe it's just that my impression of ironborn from the book is wrong?]6. Maester Luwin did not tell Bran and Co. that Ramsay/Dreadfort men sacked Winterfell. I doubt he did not see it. If he did see it, he would have warned Bran? So I guess he did not know? I'm getting confused.7. House of Undying. I think the replacement visions are fine. Just think it's weird that they did not include at least some of the prophecies from the book, even though they are quite important.[first time posting. hope that I did observe all the rules. ]I don't like Littlefinger getting any of Sandor's lines, much less some of his best.  And it was very important to Arya's development as a character that she kill the guard at Harrenhal.  GRRM writes her as becoming gradually a lot more comfortable and callous at killing; which makes sense considering what she has endured and observed.  TV-Arya is a cute, plucky tomboy who killed pretty much accidentally (striking out instinctively to defend herself) in Season 1, not the child soldier that Arya was becoming at this point.And Brienne was never vicious that I can recall, even when dealing with vicious characters.I didn't care for Robb's wedding either - A Stark not being wed by the rites of the Old Gods?  And he didn't even put a cloak over her shoulders?  What is this, marriage 21st century style, or Volentene style?
2309	Roose Seal	2012-06-05	Yeah, casting is awesome.  Can't nitpick that.  Even Esme Bianco is a decent actress, I just hate Ros with a passion.  That Spice King was a really good actor.I loved the Spice King, he was delightful. I wish they'd kept him alive instead of XXD, who turned out to be an extremely boring character. I have no idea what purpose he served in this season.Also, am I the only one who was annoyed by the fact that they always say his name in his entirety ?"I don't trust you Xaro Xhoan Daxos!""Xaro Xhoan Daxos ! You have betrayed me!"Oh, also, what was the point of introducing Sallador Shan only to let him go unmentioned for the rest of the season? The more I think about it, the more I realize just how much they botched the Stannis/Davos/Melisandre arc.
					
					
							Edited by The Lost Direwolf, 05 June 2012 - 01:15 PM.
2310	MoonCoffee	2012-06-05	Was i mistaken when i heard Hodor, yes HODOR! say "My fucking Lord" when he took Rickon's hand after they left Luwin????!!!!!  He said it very low, but just watch it again.... I swear he said it!Pretty sure he says "Hodor".Agree with all the Brienne posts. She has a gentle heart, how is she going to wow Jaime now.As for my true blue nitpick, it would be: Rhaego's color is inverted.
					
					
							Edited by MoonCoffee, 05 June 2012 - 01:48 PM.
2311	Jory	2012-06-05	I loved the Spice King, he was delightful. I wish they'd kept him alive instead of XXD, who turned out to be an extremely boring character. I have no idea what purpose he served in this season.Also, am I the only one who was annoyed by the fact that they always say his name in his entirety ?"I don't trust you Xaro Xhoan Daxos!""Xaro Xhoan Daxos ! You have betrayed me!"Oh, also, what was the point of introducing Sallador Shan only to let him go unmentioned for the rest of the season?The more I think about it, the more I realize just how much they botched the Stannis/Davos/Melisandre arc.It's a bad season to be a Stannis fan. I was hoping we'd see Salla on the prow of his ship, looking out over Blackwater Bay, his ships being the only reason Davos and Stannis managed to survive and escape - thus giving that early scene between him and Davos some importance. They don't even show how the hell Stannis managed to escape. Kind of a big deal!
					
					
							Edited by Jory, 05 June 2012 - 01:46 PM.
2312	Tadco26	2012-06-05	I know this is supposed to be without repercussion, but I don't get how so many people don't think Jon and the Halfhand exchanged sufficient dialogue to make it clear what Jon must do. I have lengthy discussions after each episode with several non-reader's and none of them were confused by the motive there.The question is if it is that clear why would the wildlings not see thru his motive?  Even after Jon asks to join the wildlings in the book and is forced to fight Qhorin by Rattleshirt, he still isn't trusted.  But in the show Rattleshirt is the one who orders him free and Jon still hasn't even asked to join them.  Jon wasn't fighting Qhorin by choice as it was laid out in the book, but because he was defending himself, so why would that warrant his freedom?
2313	teemo	2012-06-05	He said "Hodor."  I had closed captioning on.
And I agree - Stannis was screwed over big time this season.  My friends know him as the dude that worships a weird God and cheats on his wife with a witch and chokes her out and has anger issues.  Yep...that's the Stannis I know from the books.  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 05 June 2012 - 02:07 PM.
2314	Kittykatknits	2012-06-05	Anybody else with an oppinion?No offenceOh, god no. I hope not. Just no.
2315	Kittykatknits	2012-06-05	I think Gwendoline is a kick-ass actress and GREAT for the role of Brienne.  She poured her heart and soul into the character and I can't think of how she could be better.  I think anything that makes her look bad is 100% the writers faults.  And they did make her look a bit cruel and ruthless.  They do that with all of the women, because for some reason they think cruel or vindictive or bratty women are more multi-dimensional and interesting (Talisa, Shae, Brienne).  And as a girl, I think that's total BS.  I think Sansa is totally badass for staying alive....for not going freakin' mad and how she goes along with the game.  She doesn't have the street smarts like Arya, but she is badass in her own way, and the writers don't seem to agree on that.Very well stated. I don't fault the actors or acting on the show at all. With very few exceptions, it's been amazing. My frustration is with the writing and directing. That and D&D have very different (read: wrong) views of so many characters.Completely agree with you on the female characters of the show. The beauty of Martin's work is that he shows the many different ways that women can be strong. The show only shows one way - being "bad ass".
2316	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-05	The question is if it is that clear why would the wildlings not see thru his motive?  Even after Jon asks to join the wildlings in the book and is forced to fight Qhorin by Rattleshirt, he still isn't trusted.  But in the show Rattleshirt is the one who orders him free and Jon still hasn't even asked to join them.  Jon wasn't fighting Qhorin by choice as it was laid out in the book, but because he was defending himself, so why would that warrant his freedom?Because they're goat fuckers! Speaking of which, I'm damn pissed I didn't get one single person yelling "Brotherfucker" this season!
2317	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	Margaery's dress this episode looked much better than the ridiculous ice cream cone shaped one she wore in episodes 4 and 5 of this season.I agree, but the cut was still way too deep for a noble Westerosi maid. It would be appropriate for a LF's worker. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Someone threw out the wacky idea that maybe Ros will be shipped to help Dany and be her new handmaiden by Varys and they'll have their lesbian interaction.  That sounds a little more likely, although really fucking stupid and god, please NO.  Even though I love women, it would just look like it came from absolutely nowhere if they do any kind of lesbian experimentation with Dany.  It's really not integral to the storyline and now that all of the handmaidens are gone it will just look super, super gratuitous./ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> Oh, gods, please no. One of my first thoughts after realising all three of Dany's handmaidens were now dead was that they will leave this weird scene out of the show because they do not have the characters anymore. If Ros gets naked with another character, that would be ... ridiculous, to say.I didn't care for Robb's wedding either - A Stark not being wed by the rites of the Old Gods?  And he didn't even put a cloak over her shoulders?  What is this, marriage 21st century style, or Volentene style?I think it was mostly the 21st century one, since their story is a common romantic comedy anyway. I do not mind that much about their getting married in front of the New Gods - although, why not be consequent and put them in a sept - but the lack of the wedding cloak bothered me a lot.
2318	SelaBela	2012-06-05	I need to start by saying that I had a GIANT, gleeful smile at the end of this episode, however my nitpicks are:- Robb's idiocy.  Its really just too much.  So much eyerolling going on during those scenes.  The only reason I can think they didn't let Robb and Cat know that Bran and Rickon are "dead" yet is so the Northern lords will want to rally around Robb even after he's made his stupid decision.  I can see them being pretty disgruntled at his private marriage, and the Frey's leaving and being absolutely furious of course, but then the remaining lords letting that fall by the wayside when its known that B&R are toast.  Revenge becomes priority #1.- The House of the Undying should be named One Creepy Dude's Tower.  It was literally ONLY Pyat Pree, you never get to see any other warlocks, or any of the undying.  I think they missed a huge opportunity by cutting those scenes.  It would have been very, very interesting to see the beating blue heart.  As a matter of fact, speaking of blue, I was looking forward to the shade of the evening that Dany has to drink and her asking "Will it turn my lips blue?" I was also looking forward to seeing at least a tree w/ dark wood/blue leaves or the beams in the house of the undying that they were built with.- With regards to the "King" of Qarth's lack of guards, this doesn't bother me.  What guard in their right mind would try to stand against dragons? I know we can sit here and say "oh they're as small as cats" but they're still dragons.. which Pyat Pree learned to his sorrow.  I forgive the guards.  Who else is gonna care that the manse is looted? ALL of the 13 are dead, I think I can understand Dany's nonchalance at looting his manse. - HOTU Visions: I fucking loved it.  I'm sorry, but I did.  They were awesome.  I actually cried during the Khal Drogo/Rhaego part.  I think they'll have Quaithe do the triplet prophecies next season, probably mysteriously show up when Dany's looking for a boat, right before the assasination attempt.  If not, I'll be right back on the nitpick boards!- Jon Snow: My unsullied friends and family are confused as hell.  They asked me "Oh, so he's a bad guy now?" /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Frustrating, because they had an opportunity for QH to literally give him the command.  I see why they're doing this, since we can't hear Jon's thoughts and he will have no one to confide his doubts in while he's playing double-agent, but I think non-book readers will never trust Jon, nor understand why he's elected to Lord Commander.
2319	SelaBela	2012-06-05	I agree, but the cut was still way too deep for a noble Westerosi maid. It would be appropriate for a LF's worker. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> Oh, gods, please no. One of my first thoughts after realising all three of Dany's handmaidens were now dead was that they will leave this weird scene out of the show because they do not have the characters anymore. If Ros gets naked with another character, that would be ... ridiculous, to say.I think it was mostly the 21st century one, since their story is a common romantic comedy anyway. I do not mind that much about their getting married in front of the New Gods - although, why not be consequent and put them in a sept - but the lack of the wedding cloak bothered me a lot.It would be a little goofy though since she doesn't have one for him to take off, or her father to take off rather.  Since she ACTUALLY IS some random girl from Volantis.  Really displeased with the direction and liberties they took with Robb's storyline.Thank the gods no awkward handmaiden hand sexing. All these dudes on the forum talk about how hot it was.. but Irri, was it? came across as half asleep and just ready to get it over with so she could go back to sleep.  Dany seemed very uncomfortable with the whole thing.  Not sexy.
2320	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	It would be a little goofy though since she doesn't have one for him to take off, or her father to take off rather.  Since she ACTUALLY IS some random girl from Volantis.  Really displeased with the direction and liberties they took with Robb's storyline.They could just show her taking off some random cloak with no sigil on it or anything. Or she would take no cloak off, but Robb would put his around her. The wedding customs become important later, that is why I think this was a good opportunity to introduce it (but they did not).Thank the gods no awkward handmaiden hand sexing.All these dudes on the forum talk about how hot it was.. but Irri, was it? came across as half asleep and just ready to get it over with so she could go back to sleep.  Dany seemed very uncomfortable with the whole thing.  Not sexy.Agree about that.
2321	Nahlim	2012-06-05	Alright, so it is clear by now that the writers are not going to follow the books completely. In fact, I believe I have read that D&D said that season 3 will start to get away from the books a lot more (GRRM said something about not watching then, 'cause he is not sure he could stand it xD) so I will offer the people here a kind advice - get used to it or stop watching now.
As of season 2, I stopped expecting the show to be like the book. I am weirded out by some things, too and I am not sure if I support the approaches D&D are taking, but I am still going to watch and pretty much love the show.
And before I start with the nitpicks, I can't help but notice that some people don't see that in the show the characters have to take more extreme actions 'cause the writers are trying to emphasize some of their character features, and they don't have thousands of pages to do this. You can't compare character development in the book and in a tv show. Brienne is going to kill someone eventually and it is not important for the plot how much remorse she feels about it. So character development in the show has to suffer a lot. Also, shortcuts must be taken. 
Now, the nitpick. Th HotU is the biggest, really. The prophecies haunt Dany all the time. Especially the one about the betrayals. She is supposed to question everybody because of it. Of course, she will probably do so anyway because of Dorea and XXD, but it's not as effective, IMO. And I also have a feeling that Quaithe may be the one to give her some of the prophecies in the show... We will have to wait and see where it all goes. Also, I'm puzzled with killing characters that appear later (XXD in book 5). And using Dracarys was book 3 Dany's awesome moment and they used it up here. 
I didn't notice the septum at Robb's wedding, but I have to say that was a very inconsiderate plot hole and a mistake they shouldn't have made. The other one is Ros being free. I have no issues with her character, though. She obviously has a role to play, so it's fine.
White Walkers ignoring Sam just doesn't work. What was that? And John killing Qhorrin the way he did was badly executed...
And gods! Margaery's dress! I was like, okay, you are very beautiful and have nice boobs, but you want to be a queen, woman! Not work in a brothel!
2322	protar	2012-06-05	Most of my nitpicks have already been said. Thankfully I read some of the threads here before seeing the  show, so I wasn't shocked by all the pointless changes and stuff and was able to enjoy the show on it's own merits. I won't deny that the HOTU was still very atmospheric, but one: I wish they could've had atleast some of the visions, and two: without the three fires prophecy it's kind of pointless.
2323	Ser Zig-Zag	2012-06-05	Before the Blackwater episode I was concerned about them having so many storylines to tie up in this final episode. After the awesomeness that was Blackwater I tricked myself into thinking they could pull it off. Man, was I wrong.
They(writers&producers) just seem to not understand the characters and their stories or they just don't care(lazy writing).
2324	Tadco26	2012-06-05	And before I start with the nitpicks, I can't help but notice that some people don't see that in the show the characters have to take more extreme actions 'cause the writers are trying to emphasize some of their character features, and they don't have thousands of pages to do this. You can't compare character development in the book and in a tv show. Brienne is going to kill someone eventually and it is not important for the plot how much remorse she feels about it.We don't need to see pages worth of dialogue expressing her remorse, that is true.  But we also don't need to see the exact opposite of remorse with her seemingly enjoying making the guys death as painful as she could to "get him back" for hanging the women.  She could have killed him quick and cleanly and responded differently than she did and still gotten that point across that she did it out of self defense and/or justice, rather than have dialogue that makes it seem like she has no pity or like taking people's lives and enjoying it is normal to her.
2325	Sanette	2012-06-05	I agree with everything that's been said in this thread. These aren't really nitpicks anymore but huge fuck-ups. Some of them are unfixable and I'm just so disappointed with this show. I would really, really like to know what GRRM thinks about all this. Since everything has been discussed already, I'll keep it short.
1. Jon - They butchered his storyline and character this season. Ghost is MIA even though he's Jon's best friend. Halfhand isn't this big father figure or a legend. He's just a bitter old man. I didn't expect some great emotional scene in the finale since there is no real relationship between Qhorin and Jon in the show but I sure didn't expect that Jon would end up looking like a killer. Why the hell would the wildlings trust him now is beyond me. Besides, that whole scene was so generic and underwhelming. Slow-motion or a muted sound would do wonders here. Thank God Taylor won't be directing any more episodes in season 3.
2. Littlefinger giving out his plan to Sansa. I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw that scene. Did they really ruin one of the biggest twists in the third book? Just wow. I'm sure Dontos will play a part but Littlefinger's involvement won't be a shock anymore.
3. HoTU was just bad. No visions, no prophecies. Nothing memorable or weird or exciting. I thought they'd pull a Lynch with this scene but that would be asking too much. Drogo was totally redundant. Momoa's whole salary for that cameo would pay for the visions. And if they just showed me a major spoiler from the 6th or 7th book then I'll be really pissed.
4. I hate Show!Robb at this point. He deserves all that is coming to him. Seriously, he's acting like a little shit. And he's supposed to be a king? He basically said fuck you to his kingdom, army and his mother by marrying Talisa. Book!Robb at least had some good reasons for it.
5. Zombie apocalypse. Just WTF??? That scene was so cheesy and I almost burst into laughter when I saw that Other. Why couldn't they just keep them as they were in the first season? And why didn't he kill Sam? Oh, I forgot, logic just isn't popular this season.
2326	Malgarroth	2012-06-05	I rarely post in this topic on a week by week basis, but damn this got my blood boiling.House of the Undying: Where the fuck were the Undying?! Okay, I get why they didn't add the blue rose; the TV-only people wouldn't get the reference. I don't understand why the Aerys and Rhaegar visions were cut, I was DYING to see those on-screen. The Drogo scene was cute and all but it wasn't worth the omission of "And his is the Song of Ice And Fire"Also, the prophecies are The-Most-Pivotal-Scene-In-Dany's-Arc-In-A-Clash-Of-Kings.WhatTheFuck?Another thing that pisses me off about the HoTU visions is that everybody seems to think that the stuff falling in the throne room was snow and that it holds some special Ice-and-Fire significance. It's ash, people, the roof has been burned. It's ash. (EDIT: I stand corrected, it's snow.)The Others:Why was Samwell spared again? Do they pre-emptively know that he will be the first one for 8000 years to kill one and they're scared of him or something?Side not: The Other looked AMAZING. Gave me chills. Not a fan of the Nazgul-esque shriek.Robb:He's a Stark! Why was he married by a septon?!
					
					
							Edited by Malgarroth, 05 June 2012 - 05:16 PM.
2327	congokong	2012-06-05	1) in Episode 8, Jon Snowed said to Quorin how he blames himself for causing them to get captured, but Quorin said "see to that it wasn't in vain." That should be enough to imply that they are staging it?2) Valid point3) How does that even matter?4) It was already implied in season 1 that he has some sort of odd interest in Sansa5) What makes you think that the White Walkers actually "saw" Sam? The White Walker looks at the screen, at the audience.6) In episode 8, Tywin said that the Ironborn would probably betray Theon. Episode 10 proved it. What I think happened was that Dagmer knocked Theon out, in order to give him up to whoever was outside Winterfell.7) Um, Luwin did say "take the black"8) I don't think the prophecies would make much sense to non-bookreaders. especially the Blue Rose. the show never stated that Lyanna likes Blue Roses. So how would that make sense in the TV show sense9) Wow. Never thought someone would complain about the size of the dragons at this point10) Do you seriously think its good to have Xaro gone for 4 years and then all of a sudden back to the show? Again, think of it through scope of a Tv show11) Why not? Dothraki loot. She's the khaleesi, they need a boat, why not loot from the person who tried to a) take your baby, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> imprison you for life?12) Valid point13) Valid point, but i dont think it's important14) You serious?15) Valid pointBase on the complaints i see so far, i think what DD should have done is place a camera infront of the books, and slowly turn the pages. That way it would stay super faithful to the books.What Quorin said really wasn't specific enough to justify killing a brother.The Hot Pie thing with Arya being a girl doesn't matter. This is a nitpicking thread, remember?Petyr has an interest, yes. But he openly approaches her, something he said he couldn't do in the books. The writers have a habit of doing what characters in the books specifically said they would not do. Such as when Petyr went to Catelyn at Renly's camp to suggest freeing Jaime. But in this episode, Luwin said "run" but in the books he specifically said "I do not speak of running." Yes, he says "take the black" in the show but I was expecting that to be the words he would say when Theon asked him, that's all.Most people seem to think the white saw Sam.So if Tywin thinks the iron men will betray Theon, that makes it a good plot? It was such a pathetic way to end his story for the season, especially compared to the second book. It was almost comical, and Theon's story shouldn't be comical.Most people would like some reference to Lyanna. I myself never specifically said that prophecy should be shown, but they couldn't pick ANY of the 20+?Why can't I complain about the dragon's size? How is Dany going to ride one in just a few seasons at this rate?Why can't Xaro show up in a few seasons? If the actor can't do it, replace him.Daenerys is really not a true Dothraki though. She doesn't raid like they do, keep slaves, etc. The looting just seemed below her.About Arya, I remember she snuck out with Hot Pie and Gendry (who had not shown up in a while) but there was no confrontation. I was expecting that this episode I guess.
2328	Sanette	2012-06-05	Another thing that pisses me off about the HoTU visions is that everybody seems to think that the stuff falling in the throne room was snow and that it holds some special Ice-and-Fire significance. It's ash, people, the roof has been burned. It's ash.It's snow. It's been confirmed in the Inside the Episode video by the director.
2329	Malgarroth	2012-06-05	It's snow. It's been confirmed in the Inside the Episode video by the director.Damn.Somehow that makes me like the scene less. As though they threw together the "his is the Song of Ice And Fire" thing with "Let him be the king of ashes" without either of those two integral character's or those two lines there.Almost a slap in the face saying "We know what you wanted, Book Readers. But fuck you"I ADORED this show, absolutely adored it. And yet in one episode they've ruined the rest of the series for me.I'll still probably tune in, but I won't be waiting up until 2:00am GMT to watch it live anymore.
					
					
							Edited by Malgarroth, 05 June 2012 - 05:14 PM.
2330	RoamingRonin	2012-06-05	Because his father was dark haired Dothraki warrior, who (unless he had some Lyseni blood in him or something) had no reccessive genes to pass on?Rhaego in Dany's vision in aGoT might have been just how she imagined her son would look like. It was a dream. Not all Targaryen dreams have to be neccessarily prophetic, and this was certainly wasn't - Rhaego was stillborn, he never grew up into the tall and proud man she saw.I'm basing the white hair off of what Dany saw in the book version of the events. But I don't see why Dany would imagine her son having Drogo's hair when she knows good and well royal Targaryen's share the white-blonde hair. I won't discuss genetics in a series that features zombies and dragons. It was a minor mistake, simple as that. I'm not frothing at the mouth about it.
2331	So1ar	2012-06-05	Alright, so it is clear by now that the writers are not going to follow the books completely. In fact, I believe I have read that D&D said that season 3 will start to get away from the books a lot more (GRRM said something about not watching then, 'cause he is not sure he could stand it xD) so I will offer the people here a kind advice - get used to it or stop watching now.where did you acquire this information?
2332	Malgarroth	2012-06-05	where did you acquire this information?This
2333	Davos55	2012-06-05	Robb's storyline was a complete disaster all year and ended on an all time low.  He just tells Cat to eat shit and has the cheesiest 30 second wedding clip I have seen in nearly any show. Robb..I'm sorry buddy, but I truly can not wait for Roose Bolton to kill you.
Jon's story conclusion was also very disappointing.  I have complained about his changes all year, and I don't feel like doing it again, but seriously, the book's version of what happens to him was leagues better in all regards.
Could we have at least seen a helmeted Ramsay or any of the soldiers from the Dreadfort..even one soldier..like the horn blower up on the hill with a banner beside him? I guess there was no budget for that? ... 
 Absolutely loved Alfie Allen this season though..the scene with him and Luwin was remarkable.
No Roose Bolton in the finale..even though he was in the recap? Lame..
Ros scene..does this mean she will be even MORE prevalent next season?? I hope not..
Final scene could have been better for sure.
2334	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-05	Ros scene..does this mean she will be even MORE prevalent next season?? I hope not..Unfortunately, I believe she'll be in season 3 even more. That scene was included to set up her season 3 arc believe it or not. Really wish they had cut this character; her scenes weren't even bad in season 2, but they were all a waste of time.My biggest nitpick is the burning of Winterfell, mainly because it made little sense. Who the hell did burn it anyway? Obviously Ramsay in the book, but that would be horrible in teh show, given that Ramsay is never mentioned by name and never seen. Don't know how they're going to explain this in season 3.
2335	Shadiou	2012-06-05	Been following this forums for a while now... But this is my first post...Dany's nails. That's my nitpick. I know it's a silly one, and most of you didn't even realize, but the nails, just can't, possibly, be like that...yes! I noticed this too. Looked like a bride's french manicure.
2336	Mad Queen	2012-06-05	You guys have never seen a review like this.an Extra Emotionally Engaging Review.http://imgur.com/CeCXwPerfect. This picture is worth a thousand words.
2337	Stanmore	2012-06-05	Alright, so it is clear by now that the writers are not going to follow the books completely. In fact, I believe I have read that D&D said that season 3 will start to get away from the books a lot more (GRRM said something about not watching then, 'cause he is not sure he could stand it xD) so I will offer the people here a kind advice - get used to it or stop watching now.Does anyone have a direct quotes for this? Series 2 has already deviated from the books more than I'd like, and that's coming from someone who didn't start reading the books till after watching series one.I don't know if Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m fearful for series 3 as a purist, or if I'm glad that a massive break from the books will finally allow me to view the show as a completely separate entity.
2338	Mad Queen	2012-06-05	Does anyone have a direct quotes for this? Series 2 has already deviated from the books more than I'd like, and that's coming from someone who didn't start reading the books till after watching series one.I really really hope not, I don't think I could keep watching the show if it went on a completely different path.
2339	Stanmore	2012-06-05	I really really hope not, I don't think I could keep watching the show if it went on a completely different path.I know what you mean, but part of me would prefer it that way.Sure Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d love a faithful adaptation, but if they're going to keep changing things so much,  they should stop pretending to follow the books entirely and just make their own story instead. It almost certainly wouldn't be as good as the books, but at least Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d have an easier time judging the show on it's own merits.The way things are now, I have a hard time enjoying the show because of all the needless changes they make whlie paying lip service to the overall plot.
2340	teemo	2012-06-05	One thing that is really bothering me is actually Dany related, and I don't even like Dany or even care too much of what they do with her storyline.  They can screw with her boring storyline in Qarth for all I care, but when they start changing the very essence of her character it upsets me.  I can't even believe I'm defending her, but the writers are making Dany look like a cruel hard bitch.  In the book she sometimes did some controversial things like crucifying the slavers, but at least those were against people that were doing the same to little children.  And still, she felt weird and haunted by that decision, not knowing if it was really the right thing to do.  Dany was constantly struggling with moral dilemmas and always trying to forgive rather than punish.  (Ugh, I can't believe I'm writing this)  But in the show, they are making her look like a crazy Targaryen, like Viserys.  All of this "I WILL TAKE WHAT IS MINE BY FORCE AND BLOOD AND WHATEVER" and her nastiness to Jorah for really no apparent reason, her overall attitude was not Dany in the books.  And really, the last straw was her locking Doreah away.  I don't get that.  Doreah is a whore.  She fucks people.  Dany knows that.  What does she expect?  What exactly is Doreah supposed to do or go!?!  She doesn't know know what the hell is going on with Dany, and once again, Doreah is a whore.  She wasn't fucking Dany's boyfriend or something.  I don't get it.  Dany had been with Doreah since the beginning of the books and cared for her deeply.  I really don't believe she'd do something like that.  This all goes back to the same things we've been saying about women being translated in the show.  The writers make them more ruthless and cruel, because they think it makes them more badass and complex (I'm assuming).  It's really annoying and unnecessary.I can't believe this show has bothered me to the point of defending Dany.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 05 June 2012 - 10:13 PM.
2341	FierceElite	2012-06-05	Technically, Doreah died in the Red Waste, if you're referencing the books.
2342	teemo	2012-06-05	Technically, Doreah died in the Red Waste, if you're referencing the books.I know that, I'm just talking from a show stand point.  And Doreah wasn't around that much longer in the show anyway.  Most of their bonding seemed to take place in the first book.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 05 June 2012 - 10:13 PM.
2343	Stanmore	2012-06-05	One thing that is really bothering me is actually Dany related, and I don't even like Dany or even care too much of what they do with her storyline.  They can screw with her boring storyline in Qarth for all I care, but when they start changing the very essence of her character it upsets me.  I can't even believe I'm defending her, but the writers are making Dany look like a cruel hard bitch.  In the book she sometimes did some controversial things like crucifying the slavers, but at least those were against people that were doing the same to little children.  And still, she felt weird and haunted by that decision, not knowing if it was really the right thing to do.  Dany was constantly struggling with moral dilemmas and always trying to forgive rather than punish.  (Ugh, I can't believe I'm writing this)  But in the show, they are making her look like a crazy Targaryen, like Viserys.  All of this "I WILL TAKE WHAT IS MINE BY FORCE AND BLOOD AND WHATEVER" and her nastiness to Jorah for really no apparent reason, her overall attitude was not Dany in the books.  And really, the last straw was her locking Doreah away.  I don't get that.  Doreah is a whore.  She fucks people.  Dany knows that.  What does she expect?  What exactly is Doreah supposed to do or go!?!  She doesn't know know what the hell is going on with Dany, and once again, Doreah is a whore.  She wasn't fucking Dany's boyfriend or something.  I don't get it.  Dany had been with Doreah since the beginning of the books and cared for her deeply.  I really don't believe she'd do something like that.  This all goes back to the same things we've been saying about women being translated in the show.  The writers make them more ruthless and cruel, because they think it makes them more badass and complex (I'm assuming).  It's really annoying and unnecessary.I can't believe this show has bothered me to the point of defending Dany.I think  Doreah was the one who stole the dragons, so that's why Dany's punishment was so harsh. They didn't really make that clear though so I could be wrong. I agree with you that Dany's portrayal was off for the whole series. I can't believe how simplified they've made her's and Jon's characters this season. It's clear that they're major characters in the books, and that they're going to be important to the story for a long time to come. They should have both gone through some sort of character development this season, but instead Jon just comes of as the green idiot who can't do anything right, and Dany has nothing to say other than â<U+0080><U+009C>Rahh!! Blood of the Dragon, Raghhh!!â<U+0080><U+009D> I'm really disappointed with the handling of their â<U+0080><U+009C>arcsâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
2344	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-06	I don't know, Dany was very "I'm the blood of the dragon, rwarrrr" in the books, and she has a very strong vindictive streak in her in the books (nailing 153 people to posts) as well.  So I don't know if her character has been altered that much.
2345	Salome Sand Witch	2012-06-06	yes! I noticed this too. Looked like a bride's french manicure.I thought I was the only one who thought this!  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />I kinda agree with most of the nitpicks.  Not much more to say right now.  Although I think I'm more upset about Margaery than others may be.  I know this is supposed to be for last episode - but damn I was pissed at no weasel soup, and no Tyrion's chain for Blackwater.  Ok I'm done.  For now.
2346	Zod	2012-06-06	Sophie will still be underage.  She just turned 16 in February. Thank R'hllor for that.I'm pretty sure semi-nude scenes are allowed to be shot in the UK at age 15 for girls."Romeo and Juliet" (1968) was filmed that way.The actress Olivia Hussey was age 15, and she got her parents' permission to shoot a nude scene for the movie.Watch the scene and be a pedophile if you want...She was not allowed to attend the premier of the film because she was under the age of 18 and was not allowed to see the nude scenes (of which most were her own).
2347	Greywolf2375	2012-06-06	My nitpick...I missed any mention of Ice all season long.
2348	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-06	Watch the scene and be a pedophile if you want...She was not allowed to attend the premier of the film because she was under the age of 18 and was not allowed to see the nude scenes (of which most were her own).Actually, I was 14 and in high school at the time when I saw that movie so I was legally allowed to enjoy those scenes.
2349	lojzelote	2012-06-06	I'm basing the white hair off of what Dany saw in the book version of the events. But I don't see why Dany would imagine her son having Drogo's hair when she knows good and well royal Targaryen's share the white-blonde hair. I won't discuss genetics in a series that features zombies and dragons. It was a minor mistake, simple as that. I'm not frothing at the mouth about it.I think you misunderstood the second part of my post. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />One more time:Rhaego in Dany's vision in aGoT (I mean the book not the show) might have been just how she imagined her son would look like. It was a dream. Not all Targaryen dreams have to be neccessarily prophetic, and this was certainly wasn't - Rhaego was stillborn, he never grew up into the tall and proud man she saw.Try Dunk and Egg stories. You'll see that not all Targaryens had 'white' hair.
					
					
							Edited by lojzelote, 06 June 2012 - 07:12 AM.
2350	Reposado	2012-06-06	I'm basing the white hair off of what Dany saw in the book version of the events. But I don't see why Dany would imagine her son having Drogo's hair when she knows good and well royal Targaryen's share the white-blonde hair. I won't discuss genetics in a series that features zombies and dragons. It was a minor mistake, simple as that. I'm not frothing at the mouth about it.well genetics plays an important part in the plot in the first season so i think it applies. do we know what daeny knows about targ genes? what we saw in the show was her imagination of what he would look like. what we saw in the book was what he would actually have looked like. since there is no way she could imagine the red wedding, blue rose etc.
2351	DrogonEatsYou	2012-06-06	The question is if it is that clear why would the wildlings not see thru his motive?  Even after Jon asks to join the wildlings in the book and is forced to fight Qhorin by Rattleshirt, he still isn't trusted.  But in the show Rattleshirt is the one who orders him free and Jon still hasn't even asked to join them.  Jon wasn't fighting Qhorin by choice as it was laid out in the book, but because he was defending himself, so why would that warrant his freedom?One of the things that stuck out to me more than anything this episode was rattleshirt just being so calm and cool about freeing Jon.  Cutting the rope from his hands himself... seemed largely out of character
					
					
							Edited by DrogonEatsYou, 06 June 2012 - 08:07 AM.
2352	Evamitchelle	2012-06-06	yes! I noticed this too. Looked like a bride's french manicure.I have to admit that Dany's perfect nails also caught my eye.
2353	Shadiou	2012-06-06	I have to admit that Dany's perfect nails also caught my eye.haha! I think it takes a woman to notice that /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2354	teemo	2012-06-06	I don't know, Dany was very "I'm the blood of the dragon, rwarrrr" in the books, and she has a very strong vindictive streak in her in the books (nailing 153 people to posts) as well.  So I don't know if her character has been altered that much.Well, in the books she tried to put on a "big girl" face, but her actions and her inside thoughts gave it away that she was still just a child.  She was bratty many times and had her crazed moments (like I said with the slavers, but even though those slavers were fucking evil and murdered children, the repercussions she handed to them bothered her.  You think that would bother Viserys?), but Dany didn't go up to the 13 screaming about what is hers when she literally had nothing to show except baby dragons.  She acknowledged many times that she was just a young girl in the ways of war and had nothing to show or give.  Her whole attitude in the show is just total bitch.  They wanted to make a point - Dany was a little girl in the first season that developed with Drogo and all that, and since then she's a grown woman, a tough hard bitch that will do anything to get her throne, even if it makes absolutely zero sense.  Dany totally did mature in the books as well after GoT, but the transition wasn't so harsh.  She was still a child.  Like she always says, "when I look back I am lost." Dany doesn't seem so lost in the show.  She looks like she's on a Targaryen-crazed rampage.ETA:  And yeah, I guess they have great medi/pedi salons in Qarth.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 06 June 2012 - 10:12 AM.
2355	Roose Seal	2012-06-06	Show!Dany definitely looks like the coin fell on the "other" side.
2356	protar	2012-06-06	I'm really confused as to why they're speeding up Dany's development. She's not that annoying until DWD.
2357	teemo	2012-06-06	Oh, and I'd like to add to those who think that book purists are the only one's having a bitchfest, that's not true.  Reading some of the forums of the Unsullied, a lot of people were extremely disappointed, even angry, with many things this season, especially the finale.  Dany's ending, Theon's ending, the wights, the lack of Ghost....just to name a few.  So it's not like 99% of viewers are happy and that 1% is bitchy purists.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 06 June 2012 - 12:16 PM.
2358	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	haha! I think it takes a woman to notice that /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />No way! I noticed it as well and IÂ´m a guy. ItÂ´s not only women who takes care of their nails these days
2359	teemo	2012-06-06	Metrosexual is totally in and hot.  IMO. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2360	Nahlim	2012-06-06	We don't need to see pages worth of dialogue expressing her remorse, that is true.  But we also don't need to see the exact opposite of remorse with her seemingly enjoying making the guys death as painful as she could to "get him back" for hanging the women.  She could have killed him quick and cleanly and responded differently than she did and still gotten that point across that she did it out of self defense and/or justice, rather than have dialogue that makes it seem like she has no pity or like taking people's lives and enjoying it is normal to her.Well I didn't see that like you did. When I watched the scene I was like. "Wait! Wasn't she conflicted when she killed someone for the first time in the book? What the hell?!?" But then I realized that in the show they are emphasizing her sense of honor. They are trying to paint her as a complete opposite of Jaime. She would do anything to keep a wow. Even kill someone. The fact that she got to teach those soldiers a lesson was a bonus.where did you acquire this information?I'm not sure, but I believe it was the In conversation with George RR Martin  Tiff Bell Lightbox interview, but I don't know in which of the three parts (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=3S51i0EANGA) Or it could be some other interview I've stumbled upon on YouTube... I honestly don't recall. :-/ I hope I didn't read it on some bogus interview site...
2361	StarkFury	2012-06-06	Just wanted to add my two cents about the final scene, and this is pretty nitpicky, but did anyone else think that there wasn't nearly enough time in between each horn blast? It was kinda like BAM "Jon and Qhorin are back!" BAM "Wildings!" and BAM "OH #$#! RUN!!!!"
I think the writers lost a wonderful opportunity to build mounting tension by not putting more time in between those blasts to see more of the characters' reactions. Also, would've been nice to see that bit in the SOS Prologue with Chett about to murder Sam before the blasts go off and they piss their pants, but then again, must've been unrealistic because we don't really know who Chett is, and, as is usually the case (even with the +10 minutes), there simply wasn't enough time.
The White Walkers at the end were pretty exciting, and made up for it more or less.
2362	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	Metrosexual is totally in and hot.  IMO. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />real men dont notice nails /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> /spank.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':spank:' />
2363	Dunnii	2012-06-06	Dany had been given some beautiful clothes to wear and before all the stealing of the dragons, it looked like she was being well taken care of. So why wouldn't she have nice nails?
2364	Roose Seal	2012-06-06	Just wanted to add my two cents about the final scene, and this is pretty nitpicky, but did anyone else think that there wasn't nearly enough time in between each horn blast? It was kinda like BAM "Jon and Qhorin are back!" BAM "Wildings!" and BAM "OH #$#! RUN!!!!"I think the writers lost a wonderful opportunity to build mounting tension by not putting more time in between those blasts to see more of the characters' reactions. Also, would've been nice to see that bit in the SOS Prologue with Chett about to murder Sam before the blasts go off and they piss their pants, but then again, must've been unrealistic because we don't really know who Chett is, and, as is usually the case (even with the +10 minutes), there simply wasn't enough time.The White Walkers at the end were pretty exciting, and made up for it more or less.The whole scene was treated comically. It was nowhere as ominous as it could have been.I thought it would have been much better to have the scene happen at night. Sam and the others are back with the rest.One blast > they're excitedTwo blasts > They pull out their swords and we hear the crackling ice kinda sound the Others make. Then a few blue eyes glimmer in the dark.Three blasts > cut to black.Ominous, mysterious and exciting. I just wasn't able to keep a straight face during the zombie march.
2365	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	why is th lc's steward out looking for frozen poop?
2366	Mad Queen	2012-06-06	No doubt the WW attack scene can't hold a candle to ASoS's prologue. One of the things that make the latter so great is that they are a lot of stuff between blasts and Chett and Sam's attitude changes each time accordingly.
2367	Pellaeon	2012-06-06	why is th lc's steward out looking for frozen poop?So we can see the WW (some stupid plotchange for TV) and I fear he will be start his journey to the wall alone after that and Mormont die of screen during the attack
2368	Lady of Long Lake	2012-06-06	No Ghost, again?
Lame, lame, lame.
I know the TV viewers wouldn't get the symbolism but my eyes were bleeding waiting to see the blue rose blooming in the Wall of ice:(
					
					
							Edited by Lady of Long Lake, 06 June 2012 - 09:50 PM.
2369	Davos55	2012-06-07	So we can see the WW (some stupid plotchange for TV) and I fear he will be start his journey to the wall alone after that and Mormont die of screen during the attackI definitely think we will see Mormont and Craster get killed onscreen.  This was a very intense part in ASOS..should translate very well on TV..and I don't think they would have had them even stop at Craster's if they were not going to have the scene back at his shack in the next season!Though we probably will not see the attack on the Fist at all unfortunately..but it is too early to tell I suppose.
2370	teemo	2012-06-07	I wonder if they'll just start the RW scene with Robb being welcomed by Walder and then cut to black and come back with Grey Wind's head sewn on him.  That would help budget costs.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 11 June 2012 - 09:54 PM.
2371	Roose Seal	2012-06-07	I wonder if they'll just start the RW scene with Robb being welcomed by Walder and then cut to black and come back with his Ghost's head sewn on him.  That would help budget costs.At this point, that seems likely ...
2372	Thunderfist	2012-06-07	Dany had been given some beautiful clothes to wear and before all the stealing of the dragons, it looked like she was being well taken care of. So why wouldn't she have nice nails?While in Quarth, Dany visited the Spice King and the Copper King. Maybe she had time for a visit to the Nail King?
2373	Eichenlaub	2012-06-07	I wonder if they'll just start the RW scene with Robb being welcomed by Walder and then cut to black and come back with his Ghost's head sewn on him.  That would help budget costs.Yup, they'll need the money to pay for the scenes in the previous three episodes where little finger explains what's gonna happen to that hooker, because little finger is a talkative evil genius, kinda like a bond villain
2374	protar	2012-06-07	Just wanted to add my two cents about the final scene, and this is pretty nitpicky, but did anyone else think that there wasn't nearly enough time in between each horn blast? It was kinda like BAM "Jon and Qhorin are back!" BAM "Wildings!" and BAM "OH #$#! RUN!!!!"I think the writers lost a wonderful opportunity to build mounting tension by not putting more time in between those blasts to see more of the characters' reactions. Also, would've been nice to see that bit in the SOS Prologue with Chett about to murder Sam before the blasts go off and they piss their pants, but then again, must've been unrealistic because we don't really know who Chett is, and, as is usually the case (even with the +10 minutes), there simply wasn't enough time.The White Walkers at the end were pretty exciting, and made up for it more or less.I agree. It should've been done on the FOTFM with all the rest of the NW, so then after the second blast everyone's all rushing about getting to positions, Mormont's shouting commands and then:"To battle positions, Mance Rayder's about to come down on us like -"AHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOThe final horn blast just stretching on for ages, and then just a long stretch of silence. Then the music starts up and the camera  zooms over the hill to show the army of Wights, and zooms into the WW on it's zompony. It focuses onto the WW's eyes which look up to the FOTFM then cut to black.
2375	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-07	double post
					
					
							Edited by Matthew Marzolf, 07 June 2012 - 07:40 AM.
2376	paddington	2012-06-07	No Ghost, again?Lame, lame, lame.I know the TV viewers wouldn't get the symbolism but my eyes were bleeding waiting to see the blue rose blooming in the Wall of ice:(I may need to re watch the ep.However when the doors first opened, there was a blue star shape  in the stained glass window.  Which I took to be a reference to the blue rose in the book.  The Hotu was a let down, however I am not sure how much sense it would have made without ToJ, an the rest of the cut out backstory.Yeah no ghost is pretty annoying.  Also  Jon fighting Half-hand was pretty nonsensical in the show, you can probably fill in the gaps, would have been much better if they had stuck to the book on the whole story arc. Not the chase the redhead story they went with.
2377	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-07	I wonder if they'll just start the RW scene with Robb being welcomed by Walder and then cut to black and come back with his Ghost's head sewn on him.  That would help budget costs.I'm not sure how big budget the RW needs to be. They might just treat like other big scenes and just reduce the scale. Have it a smaller gathering and people just jump out of the shadows ala the Qarth 13 murder scene. I think the big deal about the BW battle was there was no way to reduce the scale and not make it look silly. Other scenes, like the Hand's Tourney they mostly got away with it, especially for people who never read the book. In the book, the city was swamped with tens of thousands of knights and the guests. the show, like 30....
2378	teemo	2012-06-07	I'm not sure how big budget the RW needs to be. They might just treat like other big scenes and just reduce the scale. Have it a smaller gathering and people just jump out of the shadows ala the Qarth 13 murder scene. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2379	protar	2012-06-07	/ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />That's right! The amazing self-cloning Walder Frey!
2380	Matthew Marzolf	2012-06-07	/ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Yeah, that would totally suck destrier balls.
2381	teemo	2012-06-07	Yeah, that would totally suck destrier balls.Yeah, too bad there's not a vomit emoticon.   /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' /> /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I guess that sums up how I feel well enough /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2382	Smiler	2012-06-07	Reluctantly caught up and finished season 2.  After reading A Dance With Dragons (which I loved by the way), I pretty much decided that there was no way the series could keep up with the scale of the books.  I was actually afraid that Martin might be tempted to scale back if he was subconsciously thinking about series limitations, but fortunately that doesn't seem to be the case.  I'm really debating if I will bother to watch season 3.  I think the creators are trying their best, despite over-reaching a few times per episode with their "what if" scenarios, sexpositions, Ros, etc.  I've just accepted that the books are too big to make an accurate series from, without unlimited time and unlimited budget.  So without further rambling, here are my high-level nitpicks of season 2:
Rob:  One of my favorite characters in the book.  Ned's son, Ned's clone.  Honor bound.  He wed Jeyne for her honor, sacrificing his own.  He didn't wed her because he was in love and didn't care what happened and didn't care what his father or mother would think.  The writers royally fucked over his character.
Arya:  Needs blood on her hands.  Maybe they didn't have to include weasel soup, but she needed to slice that guard's throat.  
Bran and Rickon:  No character issues, except for lack of wolf dreams.
Jon:  They really needlessly fucked up the Quorin relationship.  
Tyrion:  I think they're doing great with Tyrion.  They should have chopped off his nose though.
Stannis:  I prefer to hear rumors of him with Melisandre instead of having it confirmed.  Minor nitpick, but he doesn't seem angry or grumpy enough.  
Shae:  I prefer the book Shae.
As a whole, the series is just too watered down.  The sheer variety of characters in the book, with all their unique traits, are either combined in the series, or "grayed" out.  Where is Tywin's shaved head and golden whiskers, where is the Hound's pale eye and skull peaking from his skin, where is the unique color and styles of armor and display of house sigils, where are Hoat and the mummers, where is Dagmer's cleft-jaw, where is Reek and his "skin" armor, where was the battle of the Greenfork, where is Riverrun, where is the chain and the battle on the burning bridge of boats, where is the Tower of Joy, promise me Ned, the real House of the Undying, etc???  I don't think if I read the books I could tell the difference between the majority of characters.  Slynt, Bolton, Davos, Craster, they all almost look the same.  Can you spot the Kingsguard?  Can you tell the difference between a Lannister man at arms and a goldcloak?  These are the things that make this book series so awesome and different from any other series.  The plot machinations, betrayals, twists, are the other things that make the series, and even these are falling a little flat from revealing too much too early, and having to get from point A to point B too quickly.  If it's impossible to capture all this with the budget and time constraints, why bother?  I sincerely appreciate the effort, and the work of the actors.  I'm happy for Martin that this has brought him more fame, fortune, and readers.  I think I'm finished watching however.  Sorry for the long rant.
					
					
							Edited by Smiler, 07 June 2012 - 03:31 PM.
2383	Nahlim	2012-06-09	I think they are trying to make Arya a bit more human in the show. I mean, look at her! She's a little girl! Would you really be comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood? I know it's in the books, but still... I think it's okay to make such a change.
I think that D&D are doing the best they can with the limitations they have and I don't think it damages the outcome as much as some book fanatics do. Who cares if Asha is called Yara, or if Dany doesn't have purple eyes?!? Or that there is a Ros in there who replaced Alayaya and is everyone's favorite whore? 
We can sit back and enjoy it, or not watch. I don't see the point in watching something you don't like....
So, Smiler, I think it's a right decision to stop watching if you don't enjoy it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2384	kephv	2012-06-09	I think they are trying to make Arya a bit more human in the show. I mean, look at her! She's a little girl! Would you really be comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood? I know it's in the books, but still... I think it's okay to make such a change.That's kind of the point. It's supposed to make people ask questions about the character, to questions what she does -- all this adding layers to them that are missing in the show.I think that D&D are doing the best they can with the limitations they have and I don't think it damages the outcome as much as some book fanatics do. Who cares if Asha is called Yara, or if Dany doesn't have purple eyes?!? Or that there is a Ros in there who replaced Alayaya and is everyone's favorite whore?Well there's literally no limitations that caused them to gut Jon's storyline, or make complete leaps of logic at times. Also, Yara is a terrible name. Sounds like something a two year old would name a pirate.
2385	Istakhr	2012-06-09	I think they are trying to make Arya a bit more human in the show. I mean, look at her! She's a little girl! Would you really be comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood? I know it's in the books, but still... I think it's okay to make such a change.That is the whole point. TV is already full of adorable tomboys and if they are going to work according to the comfort zone of some viewers why kill Ned, why show RW, why the rat torture, and finally why make ASOIF to a series?
2386	teemo	2012-06-09	I think they are trying to make Arya a bit more human in the show. I mean, look at her! She's a little girl! Would you really be comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood? I know it's in the books, but still... I think it's okay to make such a change.Really?  One of the best things about asoiaf is that GRRM pushes so many boundaries and making people uncomfortable is his specialty.  If we took out all of the uncomfortable and morally questionable scenes/characters from the books, there'd be practically nothing left...
2387	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-09	Really?  One of the best things about asoiaf is that GRRM pushes so many boundaries and making people uncomfortable is his specialty.  If we took out all of the uncomfortable and morally questionable scenes/characters from the books, there'd be practically nothing left...And this was their chance to take a book series that pushes all the boundaries, into a TV show that pushes all the boundaries. It's what would take this series from being just good television or even great for that matter, but into best thing that has ever hit TV.I like that review Westeros just posted, the one from Miodrag ZarkoviÄ<U+0087>in, in one part he said,"Game of Thrones showrunners had the opportunity to create a symphony, but instead tried to make a rock song, and what they did produce at the end was a pop hit that lasted a summer."It's a strong statement, and I think we will have to wait and see if it has become a "pop hit" or not. But what us "book purists" want is a symphony, because we know that it can become one.Going into the 3rd season I think the showrunners and all the writers need to keep in mind one quote when deciding on the future of this show."Kill the boy and let the man be born." 
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 09 June 2012 - 06:50 PM.
2388	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-09	I think they are trying to make Arya a bit more human in the show. I mean, look at her! She's a little girl! Would you really be comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood? I know it's in the books, but still... I think it's okay to make such a change.Stay tuned for the next series of Game of Thrones, where Mance Rayder, Bowen Marsh and the White Walkers all just decide to "get along", while Sam and Gilly act as the ever so awkward best man and bridesmaid at Jon and Ygritte's "Wedding of the year". Robb Stark and Talisa send their apologies for their absence, but Walder Frey has turned out to be such an awesome host that they've decided to stay and extra month, before Talisa has to head back to the second year of her politics degree.It's been much more comfortable in Westeros since everyone agreed to no more killing in cold blood and/or scheming in order to get ahead.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 09 June 2012 - 06:53 PM.
2389	Nahlim	2012-06-10	The sarcasm really isn't necessary. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Well there's literally no limitations that caused them to gut Jon's storyline, or make complete leaps of logic at times. Also, Yara is a terrible name. Sounds like something a two year old would name a pirate.Jon's storyline was poorly executed. I agree with that. And the HotU could have been done much much better. I am not saying they did everything right, I am just saying that Arya killing the guard is not a necessity. Nor is delaying her turning into a killer a bad thing. I read people complain that Dany was too ruthless with the vault scene, yet Arya killing someone is just jolly just because it's like that in the books. And complaining about changing some names is just ridiculous and has no justification whatsoever. It's like cries of a spoiled child.
2390	teemo	2012-06-10	I read people complain that Dany was too ruthless with the vault scene, yet Arya killing someone is just jolly just because it's like that in the books.And complaining about changing some names is just ridiculous and has no justification whatsoever. It's like cries of a spoiled child.1 - what's your point exactly?  Dany was way too ruthless in the show compared to the books, and Arya wasn't "killerish" enough.  What does Arya killing someone have to do with being jolly??? It's the in the books.  Don't you want something similar to the books??  Dany and Arya are different kinds of people...I'm not even exactly sure what you're talking about or the point of it.2 - did you know that this is a nitpick thread?  So complaining about name changes really fits in perfectly here.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 10 June 2012 - 06:20 PM.
2391	Istakhr	2012-06-10	In the Robb/Talisa discussion, I just found out that there is no established code of morality, honor or law in the TV show and all of them seem to be significantly different than books.
I was already a bit skeptical about many leaps of logic and internal inconsistencies in the TV show, but this realization made me to firmly recategorize the GOT Show as a somewhat enjoyable fluff show like TB and Spartacus.
It is really sad, I always believed this show has the potential to become comparable or even surpass shows like Deadwood, Breaking Bad and Mad Men. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Anyway it still has blood, magic and tits!  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
 /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
2392	teemo	2012-06-10	And this was their chance to take a book series that pushes all the boundaries, into a TV show that pushes all the boundaries. It's what would take this series from being just good television or even great for that matter, but into best thing that has ever hit TV.It is really sad, I always believed this show has the potential to become comparable or even surpass shows like Deadwood, Breaking Bad and Mad Men.This really sums up how I feel.  I'm so frustrated because the show has so much potential.  With source material that good, it definitely could have been made so well that it fell in the leagues of those shows, but it's not even close...
2393	Rapsie	2012-06-11	Given that GRRM is a script writer I would have thought they'd make more use of the dialogue from the novels and not replace it with their own.
2394	Lebronn Jaime	2012-06-11	They use some of the choicer lines. The problem with lifting dialogue wholesale is that the book characters and the show characters are not necessarily the same personalities. It's also difficult to crib dialogue when plots and arcs and scenes differ so much from those of the book. Lastly, some of us think they are simply overconfident in their abilities as writers and/or producers.
2395	Nahlim	2012-06-11	1 - what's your point exactly?  Dany was way too ruthless in the show compared to the books, and Arya wasn't "killerish" enough.  What does Arya killing someone have to do with being jolly??? It's the in the books.  Don't you want something similar to the books??  Dany and Arya are different kinds of people...I'm not even exactly sure what you're talking about or the point of it.2 - did you know that this is a nitpick thread?  So complaining about name changes really fits in perfectly here.The jolly part was just a matter of speech. I don't care if something like that is similar to the books or not. It's trivial in my head.Yeah, I'm sorry I disturbed you. Carry on.
2396	teemo	2012-06-11	That's okay.  Just make sure to never do it again /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Something that is bothering me is what happened to Stannis?  In the show he was in a really compromised position IIRC, not on a ship way back waiting to see how the war went.  How did he manage to get away???
2397	JoramunsKazoo	2012-06-11	Something that is bothering me is what happened to Stannis?  In the show he was in a really compromised position IIRC, not on a ship way back waiting to see how the war went.  How did he manage to get away???He carefully descended a siege ladder, ran back to the shore, rowed back to his ship, and sailed off.  This is all reasonably possible in the midst of a full cavalry attack from behind.  Loras had no personal reasons to pursue their retreat.Right...?Wait...
2398	LordofWinter	2012-06-11	Almost a slap in the face saying "We know what you wanted, Book Readers. But fuck you" That's the feeling I've had since the beginning of the season.
2399	LordofWinter	2012-06-11	Something that is bothering me is what happened to Stannis?  In the show he was in a really compromised position IIRC, not on a ship way back waiting to see how the war went.  How did he manage to get away???I know. People I knew assumed he was either dead or captured. That's the thing about the writing of this season, it's been "okay, so we're going to change this, this, that and this" "but boss how are we going to explain how Stannis got out alive or how Sam survived the WW/wights?" "we don't have to explain anything. It's tv, they'll just have to accept it." I'm all but certain GRRM reads the scripts they send him with a full bottle of scotch to drown out the pain of this horrendous crime.
2400	Istakhr	2012-06-11	That's okay.  Just make sure to never do it again /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Something that is bothering me is what happened to Stannis?  In the show he was in a really compromised position IIRC, not on a ship way back waiting to see how the war went.  How did he manage to get away???This one was Marshall's fault. At least they could have had him going up another section of wall.
2401	SerMixalot	2012-06-11	he jumped in LF's teleportation device
Obviously
2402	Raksha the Demon	2012-06-13	I think they are trying to make Arya a bit more human in the show. I mean, look at her! She's a little girl! Would you really be comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood? I know it's in the books, but still... I think it's okay to make such a change.I think that D&D are doing the best they can with the limitations they have and I don't think it damages the outcome as much as some book fanatics do. Who cares if Asha is called Yara, or if Dany doesn't have purple eyes?!? Or that there is a Ros in there who replaced Alayaya and is everyone's favorite whore?We can sit back and enjoy it, or not watch. I don't see the point in watching something you don't like....So, Smiler, I think it's a right decision to stop watching if you don't enjoy it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The name change of Asha to Yara, and Dany's not having purple eyes, doesn't bother me nearly as much as the screen time given to a character who does not exist at all in the books (and thus takes screen time from characters who do).  As for many fans' outrage over Arya's not killing the guard when leaving Harrenhall, it is a crucial milestone in her character development.  She is going from a cute tomboy to a war-scarred killer in the books; it was sad, but realistic; and they blithely bypassed it in the show, possibly because Arya is a favorite of the show's watchers.  I would not be more comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood, but it is what she does; and what she will do again; she has not endured and observed horror and danger unmarked; and no, Arya is not  just a cute little girl anymore.  Except on the show.
2403	boojam	2012-06-13	He carefully descended a siege ladder, ran back to the shore, rowed back to his ship, and sailed off.  This is all reasonably possible in the midst of a full cavalry attack from behind.  Loras had no personal reasons to pursue their retreat.Right...?Wait...Well Alexander the Great escaped a worse pickle when he took an arrow assaulting an Aspasioi stronghold in what we know of as India today. His men had to rescue him. So such things have happened.We just did not get this one on screen.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 13 June 2012 - 03:36 PM.
2404	boojam	2012-06-14	Given that GRRM is a script writer I would have thought they'd make more use of the dialogue from the novels and not replace it with their own.How do you know that was not George's choice?
2405	Le Cygne	2012-06-18	This:"This one's yours, she-wolf.  You do it."will never call back to this:"A girl should be bloody, too.  This is her work."because they gutted all the Arya and Jaqen scenes.  This:"Laugh," she snarled at him. He moaned instead. "Laugh," she repeated, grabbing his throat with one hand and stabbing at his belly with the other. "Laugh!" She kept saying it, over and over, until her hand was red up to the wrist and the stink of the foolâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dying was like to choke her. But Shagwell never laughed. The sobs that Brienne heard were all her own. When she realized that, she threw down her knife and shuddered.will never happen, because it already did with someone else, but it didn't mean anything, because Brienne didn't suffer, she just kills.Nor this:It was the easiest thing in the world for Arya to step up behind him and stab him. "Is there gold hidden in the village?" she shouted as she drove the blade up through his back. "Is there silver? Gems?" She stabbed twice more. "Is there food? Where is Lord Beric?" She was on top of him by then, still stabbing. "Where did he go? How many men were with him? How many knights? How many bowmen? How many, how many, how many, how many, how many, how many? Is there gold in the village?"because not only is the Tickler already dead, but Arya didn't suffer, and she didn't kill, she just waited tables then walked out of Harrenhal.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 18 June 2012 - 08:26 PM.
2406	mooksman	2012-06-18	The name change of Asha to Yara, and Dany's not having purple eyes, doesn't bother me nearly as much as the screen time given to a character who does not exist at all in the books (and thus takes screen time from characters who do).  As for many fans' outrage over Arya's not killing the guard when leaving Harrenhall, it is a crucial milestone in her character development.  She is going from a cute tomboy to a war-scarred killer in the books; it was sad, but realistic; and they blithely bypassed it in the show, possibly because Arya is a favorite of the show's watchers.  I would not be more comfortable seeing her kill someone in cold blood, but it is what she does; and what she will do again; she has not endured and observed horror and danger unmarked; and no, Arya is not  just a cute little girl anymore.  Except on the show.Yeah pretty much.  Arya in the books is so intensely readable and unique, one of GRRM's best.  No idea what theya re doing with her on the show.  Apparently she's having tea and making wisecracks with the most powerful lord in the realm!If she had actually killed that guard it would have been bizarre and out of character, which says just how much they've fucked up her story line.
2407	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-06-19	I think the general production was a mess. They seem to start storylines then cut them leaving scenes that just look odd (the shadowbaby scene under where? with bars to guard what?) or characters that are introduced to play no later part (Salhador Saan, they spent such a nice long scene introducing him then we never saw him again). Were there additional scenes that got cut or did they start off with storylines then change their minds and go in a different direction? It just looks slapdash.Ontop of that D&D seem to have read DWD and want characters to reflect how they are then. Danny in particular appears to have skip a lot of progression and is in full raging Targ mode which makes me think even more that GRRM has told D&D she'll be an antagonist in the end. Not just Dany though but Davos was promoted first to Admiral, then to Hand for no real reason. I'm half expecting them to cram AFFC & DWD into the next series.They also seem to want to add scenes for no apparent reason and have caved into shoe-horning in fan favourites. The last episode why did we have to see Tyrion? We didn't need to go to KL at all. Blackwater ended great Tyrion hit no one knows how bad (though we all suspect he's fine), cliffhanger, we can deal with Tyrion waking up and finding he's fallen from grace S3. But they felt like adding that to S2 then in S3 ep1 we're going to get scenes reminding us of Tyrion's predicament making this scene pointless. Keep it out and spend more time on HotU and Winterfell. Same goes for Stannis, you didn't feel like showing most of his scenes so why add this pointless scene. No doubt beginning S3 we're going to be reminded of these. Just as Blackwater only focused on Lannister/ Stannis Arcs. This should only have focused on Winterfell/Dany with short Brienne & Robb scenes. Arya as well, I liked her acting with Tywin but we got those scenes episode after episode, they were all the same and didn't progress or reveal that much about either character. I thought they were going to be the perfect time to give the viewer some of that backstory you get in the book. A bit more on the rebellion, Tywin revealing fam history as well but no.& don't get me started on the added Ros scenes. I mean this episodes scene was in it why? I know to set up Ros becoming Varys bitch but can that not have waited till he has use of her, could they not have done that better and link it in with a betrayl or are we supposed to feel for Ros?tHotUThis was a joke. I did like the throneroom vision but some of the prophecies were cut badly. I know you cant translate the book onto the screen direct as it would make things too obvious but why not change it slightly. Dany could walk into a dark room with a scary voiced crone or undying warlock who can tell her the visions she's seeing describing them like a book. I'm thinking like Old Nan in the first series when telling the stories of the Others.WinterfellThough it's had its problems (the murder of the Miller boys was too obvious for my liking). This was easily the most enjoyable storyline for me but the ending didn't live up to it. I liked Theon's speak and didn't even mind the cartoon knocking him out. Then why not show the Ironborn opening the gates and Bolton men storming through. Ramsey (completely armoured, helmed and looking menacing) could walk straight up to Dagmar & crew whilst Dagmar explained they've done what was requested and that they were promised their lives. Ramsey doesn't have to say anything just let his helmet look at them motionless then turns to see the two boys hung and burnt and turns back. They could show his men killing the ironborn or just cut and have the next scene of winterfell being burnt to ruin with Bran et al emerging. They wouldn't have to cast Ramsey, they'd have a much better scene & the look at the boys could make the audience think they'd burned it to the ground after anger of the Stark boys death and so hide the Bolton betrayal. They've tied the bastard to Roose so an obvious betrayal as he's done fingers Roose as a traitor.Sorry for the long post, I had a lot to get off me chest.
2408	7V3N	2012-07-03	I forgot to add, if Dany's dragons can just disintegrate chains, then how they hell were they chained up and how is Dany going to chain them up in the future? Looks like the show just removed EVERY limitation available to dragons (even if they are temporary).
2409	SelaBela	2012-07-03	I forgot to add, if Dany's dragons can just disintegrate chains, then how they hell were they chained up and how is Dany going to chain them up in the future? Looks like the show just removed EVERY limitation available to dragons (even if they are temporary).I thought the chains disintegrated because the dragons had killed the originator of the magic, Pyat Pree.  Thats how I saw it anyway.
2410	Masamune	2012-07-20	Why did they have to kill off Irri AND Doreah? Fair enough with Rakharo. They didn't have a lot of choice there. I know Doreah lived longer than she did in the books, but on the other hand Jhiqui vanished after one episode in S1, so Dany was already down one handmaiden. Would it really have been asking too much to keep at least one of them around?
They're both peripheral characters but I liked how Dany still had that Dothraki presence to remind her of who she once was. What do we have left? Kovarro and some faceless extras in the background?
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 20 July 2012 - 07:24 AM.
2411	7V3N	2012-07-20	Why did they have to kill off Irri AND Doreah? Fair enough with Rakharo. They didn't have a lot of choice there. I know Doreah lived longer than she did in the books, but on the other hand Jhiqui vanished after one episode in S1, so Dany was already down one handmaiden. Would it really have been asking too much to keep at least one of them around?They're both peripheral characters but I liked how Dany still had that Dothraki presence to remind her of who she once was. What do we have left? Kovarro and some faceless extras in the background?They like to make the show "mordernized." So abandoning the "savage Dothraki" and embracing the role as a classical Queen gives the slow-minded viewers a reason to clap and say "This Queen is going to take Westeros!"Basically, HBO wants to sell "Team Dany" and "Team Tyrion" merchandise.
2412	Hear me Meow	2012-07-20	To be honest, I just thought they wanted to save some money.
2413	Vovea	2012-08-19	My main gripe is with the changes to the Dothraki. There was no point in keeping Doreah alive and shafting Irri just to kill Doreah off anyway. And Dany's Bloodriders have just seemed to fade into the background or merged into one. Rakharo was the only one given some screen time and so... he gets killed off? I wish the TV writers would stop killing characters. It's irritating now, but future episodes are also going to suffer because side characters aren't there (also, seems like no more "It is known").
I was hoping for more from the House of the Undying. I was pretty bored with Dany's story but was excited to see the adaptation of the visions/the warlocks and was let down: no prophesies, the warlocks just seem trivial, Dany's struggle to gain wealth to get ships is just reduced to kill a rich guy and steal his stuff.
As for Tyrion and Shae, I did enjoy their main scene together at the time, but I'm starting to wonder if the TV writers are going to go through with having Shae humiliate Tyrion at his trial and have him kill her without having Shae morph into Tysha's role (as in, Shae is actually innocent and Tyrion feels guilty after finding out).
Other nitpicks: Robb's wedding, the Others walking past Sam, no Ramsey or Reeds yet, Arya not killing anyone, Faceless Men and how they are now implied to be cool when it comes to personal vengeance.
(Apologies for thread resurrection. I am no Thoros of Myr).
2414	Daske	2012-08-21	I wish the TV writers would stop killing characters. It's irritating nowNowhere near as 'irritating' as when Martin does it!  :-)
2415	Captain Condor	2012-09-07	I agree with everyone's assessment.  To me, the HBO storyline has diverged so much I'm definitely not buying the DVD set.  Season 1 was great.  Season 2 was a flop.  I don't even like the way they made the White Walkers(others) look (blue tinted flesh bodies with messed up long hair and thicken facial features.)  In my mind the Others were more like ice and with sharp features and without human-like hair...but that's my imagination.  Overall...Season 2 sucked.
					
					
							Edited by Captain Condor, 23 September 2012 - 07:31 PM.
2416	Titus Andronicus	2012-09-27	The shows interpretation of the HOTU, and the Warlocks overall, was vastly underwhelming. I was hoping all of the Pyat-Pree clones would be other Warlocks using illusion to appear as one person, but nope, it appears that the Warlocks are just one ugly mother fucker. That, and the lack of visions over all was kind of underwhelming, though I get why they did it. Seeing and reading something are two very different things. I will say this though: I loved the scene with Dany walking into the ruined and snowed in throne room. A glimpse of the fate of the Red Keep once the Winds of Winter strike?
2417	Catelyn's Treacherous Womb	2012-10-03	I normally try to suppress and keep quiet about my problems with this season since I don't want to seem like I dislike it or don't appreciate it (and it's true that a lot of it is nitpicking) but it'll feel good to get it out:Talisa. I find her to be a completely unrealistic character and can't bring myself to like her at all. The idea that a woman can travel around alone like that during wartime - directly putting herself in situations with men who have possibly already participated in the rape of peasants or commoners - without getting raped or seriously harmed in some way is just ludicrous. It's even dangerous and not advised that men travel alone.It seems odd that she felt it was important to marry Robb (unless it was all Robb who wanted to?) when it sounded like she rejected those sort of customs and that life, or she at least doesn't care or know them well.Also, just walking in Robb's tent (after his meet with Alton) without even having his guard ask if he's available? And Robb's thoughts are apparently: "Hm, looks like Roose is here, probably to discuss Theon's betrayal, taking of Winterfell and my two little brothers - who may very well be harmed or even killed - but that can wait, my crush/the girl I wanna bang is here!!!" I know it's the Stark way to treat everyone with equal respect but that just seems inappropriate.Arya's storyline. Especially her and Twyin being BFFs. Tywin's character seemed to take a complete 180. Not only offering her food and having a conversation with her, but confiding about difficulties Jaime had as a child is showing weakness among the Lannisters, despite that Tywin cares more about his house's image and reputation than probably anyone else in Westeros. His lack of suspicion of the fact that she seems to be a Northener, speaks like she is of higher birth, and knows how to read and write. And... he smiled! I think it was described once in the novels that he smirked.Also, Arya not killing the guard. I understand the producers want to prolong her storyline, cause apparently not enough happens to her in Storm of Swords that could fit into two season and they need to slow down her character development  Yup, her storyline apparently moves at a snail's pace in SoS.Shae. I'm not even sure why. The part when she threatened another handmaiden into not telling the queen about her first period was just stupid. The handmaiden can say one word about that to Cersei and Shae would be disposed of without hesitation. Showing Sansa the knife and "No one will be raping me!". Admirable, but that's just not how it works. Being a strong woman in Westeros that survives takes smarts, it's not much to do with physical prowess. I know there are characters that survive for both those reasons, though, so it's a bit contradicting of me, but I feel like D&D play that up so much and kind of fail when it comes to strong, intelligent female character.Catelyn is a perfect example of this, but there's no need to explain since she her character hasn't improved since last season.Dany. It's been said already. Her storyline... just awful.Brienne. The reasons why she is such an interesting and complex character in the novels are pretty much non-existent. The actress is great so it's not her fault, she was just poorly written.Another big issue with season 2 is Robb and Catelyn etc not learning of the "death" of Bran and Rickon. It made the impulsive decision of releasing Jaime much more understandable and sympathetic, since she was absolutely desperate to get two of her three remaining children back and there was the risk of Jaime being killed or becoming useless as a hostage, though for whatever reason in the show she doesn't bother to explain in detail why to Robb.Robb getting with Jeyne would also make a lot more sense since he was seeking comfort for his grief so it's hard not to have some sympathy for him but all of that is completely absent in the show.
2418	Mumatil	2012-10-18	How dd you guys find out varys was a enuch for real in the show?
Any mental images I need to worry about?
Im ok with being spoiled.
					
					
							Edited by Mumatil, 18 October 2012 - 12:03 PM.
2419	Lebronn Jaime	2012-10-18	How dd you guys find out Varys was a eunuch for real in the show?Ros grabbed at his man parts and came away with a look of fear and surprise. Surprise, most likely, at finding nothing, and fear at realizing who he was (she knew him by reputation instead of by his face).
2420	Mumatil	2012-10-19	Ros grabbed at his man parts and came away with a look of fear and surprise. Surprise, most likely, at finding nothing, and fear at realizing who he was (she knew him by reputation instead of by his face).Akward
2421	FellowBastard	2012-10-22	Now that I have finished ASOIAF I can honestly say that season 2 was a bit underwhelming for me as well......                        A couple of points:Ramsay will easily be introduced in the third series (he will most likely revive Theon, only to enslave and torture him later.....Reek it rhymes with oblique)Arya was not Tywin's cupbearer (obviously) but they are essentially setting Tywin up as a somewhat likeable characterI didn't care as much for Catelyn in the books, I mean.....She was a complete and utter bitch to Jon.....Unmerciful.....So much more than in the show. Aside from the occasional 'urgh that's Jon Snow' she never degraded him the way she did in the books. It will make the Red Wedding that much more brutal.Hey guys......Do we all remember (those who read ASOIAF) that Robb named Jon as Lord Of Winterfell in the event of his death? Yup......Lets hope the series does a better job of bringing that to light than GRRM did. (though that might be still to come I guess)I can't think of anything else right now and I'm tired and depressed because I just finished the series this morning.
2422	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-24	Ramsay Bolton should of been the cliffhanger?! Not piss dumb Talisa (I wouldn't look twice at horse face.. sorry but it says no repercussions:D )
During a heated end of COK we discover the Bolton Bastard has betrayed Rob, so why leave it from the show?? What a great cliff hanger that would of been !! It would of been the cherry on the cake for viewers, considering Robb also betrayed the Freys. Listen: the book ended with Ramsay's betrayal, so hypothetically if you read the books you would know what's in store, why not give the same courtesy to SHOW VIEWERS? Was the third book any worse cause of this extra reveal? noâ<U+0080>¦ it made us more anxious to know how it would all pan out.
(It would of made up for that awful anti climactic ending of the Half-hand and Dany's half-baked story.)
No one I know really cares about Robb's new relationship, in other words- did not feel the weight of the situation at hand. Even people that feel the tension were left wondering why so much time was spent on a conventional plot, when that time should of gone to Dany or Jon's stories (which were confusing and had no tension).
They hammer you over the head with the fact he's engaged, losing the suspense !
The Tension the show tried to establish fell flat on it's face, because while the viewers might think he will disgruntle the Freys, they don't know Robb has possibly lost his strong alliance in Bolton.
The best cliff hanger was that very tension- having lost his strongest alliances.
I think leaving that huge plot point till next year is just fitting way too many things into the next ten episodes.
2423	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-24	GOT season two reminded me an awful lot of this show I watched as a kid- the Bold and the Beautiful.It had phenomenal ratings, and because of this the producers tried to squeeze out as much money as they could by stretching the plot lines as far as possible, due to advertising.Each scene infamously ends with drawn out stares, dramatic pauses and unfinished sentences. Following a scene cut, the characters seemingly improvise the exact same scene as before as though the confrontation never happened, just to draw out the climax.You may also be interested to know- George RR Martin was a Soap Opera writer in Hollywood before he started Game of thrones. Anyone who has read the last two books may get some closure from this information! hah.The tag for this season's attempts at tension can be summed up like this:Does that make you feel better or worse?It doesn' t make me feel anything.-me right now /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2424	Gigei	2013-03-02	I know its late but I hope I can still nitpick a bit. This is very minor but why is there no jewelry? Merchandise opportunity lost! No Tyrion hand necklace and (most importantly) no awesome 3-headed dragon crown for Dany. I would buy that...
2425	lannistergold	2013-03-02	Adapting the post-Blackwater throne room scene from the books: of all things, they included the horse taking a shit, but not Joffrey cutting his hand on the throne. The latter would have been hilarious to see.
2426	Ser Luke.	2013-03-09	I am nowhere close to a book purist, and I think this is honestly one of the all time greatest book to screen adaptations out there, but the following five things...I kinda wish they were included in Season 1/2.SER DONTOS.....They introduced his character, but then we never saw him again. Come on, if you're going to leave out a character why even show him to us in the first place? Ser Dontos was one of the best parts of Sansa's ACOK storyline.BLACKFISH AND EDMURE.....I really don't see why they left these guys out until Season 3. Blackfish has a relatively big part in the first book, and Edmure has a decent part in the second. Maybe I'd understand just keeping the Blackfish out...but...RAMSAY BOLTON/REEK.....this could've really made the already great Theon storyline even better. Why leave out Reek, he's a major part of the story?THE HOUSE OF THE UNDYING....they really screwed this up. This was by far the best Daenerys chapter, and could've redeemed her lacking storyline in the show. But...they screwed it up.JON'S STORY.....Not terrible, but one of my least favorite parts of Season 2. Left a lot out and messed up Qhorin's death.EDIT: Spelling error
					
					
							Edited by SerLuke, 09 March 2013 - 10:22 AM.
2427	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-12	I normally try to suppress and keep quiet about my problems with this season since I don't want to seem like I dislike it or don't appreciate it (and it's true that a lot of it is nitpicking) but it'll feel good to get it out:Talisa. I find her to be a completely unrealistic character and can't bring myself to like her at all. The idea that a woman can travel around alone like that during wartime - directly putting herself in situations with men who have possibly already participated in the rape of peasants or commoners - without getting raped or seriously harmed in some way is just ludicrous. It's even dangerous and not advised that men travel alone.It seems odd that she felt it was important to marry Robb (unless it was all Robb who wanted to?) when it sounded like she rejected those sort of customs and that life, or she at least doesn't care or know them well.Also, just walking in Robb's tent (after his meet with Alton) without even having his guard ask if he's available? And Robb's thoughts are apparently: "Hm, looks like Roose is here, probably to discuss Theon's betrayal, taking of Winterfell and my two little brothers - who may very well be harmed or even killed - but that can wait, my crush/the girl I wanna bang is here!!!" I know it's the Stark way to treat everyone with equal respect but that just seems inappropriate.Arya's storyline. Especially her and Twyin being BFFs. Tywin's character seemed to take a complete 180. Not only offering her food and having a conversation with her, but confiding about difficulties Jaime had as a child is showing weakness among the Lannisters, despite that Tywin cares more about his house's image and reputation than probably anyone else in Westeros. His lack of suspicion of the fact that she seems to be a Northener, speaks like she is of higher birth, and knows how to read and write. And... he smiled! I think it was described once in the novels that he smirked.Also, Arya not killing the guard. I understand the producers want to prolong her storyline, cause apparently not enough happens to her in Storm of Swords that could fit into two season and they need to slow down her character development  Yup, her storyline apparently moves at a snail's pace in SoS.Shae. I'm not even sure why. The part when she threatened another handmaiden into not telling the queen about her first period was just stupid. The handmaiden can say one word about that to Cersei and Shae would be disposed of without hesitation. Showing Sansa the knife and "No one will be raping me!". Admirable, but that's just not how it works. Being a strong woman in Westeros that survives takes smarts, it's not much to do with physical prowess. I know there are characters that survive for both those reasons, though, so it's a bit contradicting of me, but I feel like D&D play that up so much and kind of fail when it comes to strong, intelligent female character.Catelyn is a perfect example of this, but there's no need to explain since she her character hasn't improved since last season.Dany. It's been said already. Her storyline... just awful.Brienne. The reasons why she is such an interesting and complex character in the novels are pretty much non-existent. The actress is great so it's not her fault, she was just poorly written.Another big issue with season 2 is Robb and Catelyn etc not learning of the "death" of Bran and Rickon. It made the impulsive decision of releasing Jaime much more understandable and sympathetic, since she was absolutely desperate to get two of her three remaining children back and there was the risk of Jaime being killed or becoming useless as a hostage, though for whatever reason in the show she doesn't bother to explain in detail why to Robb.Robb getting with Jeyne would also make a lot more sense since he was seeking comfort for his grief so it's hard not to have some sympathy for him but all of that is completely absent in the show.True, season 2 just wasnt that great, with the exception of Episode 9, which was one of the best Episodes of any show.I liked that Arya and Tywin story though. It made Tywin look more human. Just shows that even Tywin has his weak moments.I dont know about the books, but Im glad they put that story in the show.You are right about Brienne though. I havent read the books and dont like her at all, based on the show.Also Talisa/Jeyne isnt very believable, you are right about that.Season 2 was much weaker than the first. But David and Dan promissed they just wanted to get to SoS, thats when the real stuff happens. And I really believe them.
2428	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-12	GOT season two reminded me an awful lot of this show I watched as a kid- the Bold and the Beautiful.It had phenomenal ratings, and because of this the producers tried to squeeze out as much money as they could by stretching the plot lines as far as possible, due to advertising.Each scene infamously ends with drawn out stares, dramatic pauses and unfinished sentences. Following a scene cut, the characters seemingly improvise the exact same scene as before as though the confrontation never happened, just to draw out the climax.You may also be interested to know- George RR Martin was a Soap Opera writer in Hollywood before he started Game of thrones. Anyone who has read the last two books may get some closure from this information! hah.The tag for this season's attempts at tension can be summed up like this:Does that make you feel better or worse?It doesn' t make me feel anything.-me right now /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I thought they spent more money on s2 than s1? Probably all for Episode 9.Dont see it as bad as you, but it wasnt close to s1. I enjoyed Aryas and Tywins discussions and ep9.Hopefuly they will deliver in s3. Listening to David and Dan, I feel they will.
					
					
							Edited by JoePescisBoss, 12 March 2013 - 03:03 AM.
2429	Ranzadule	2013-03-15	The first season has a few deviations and they were understandable for the most part. The second season was a mess. To keep it brief, I hate what they have done to Dany. I love book Dany and other than the actress playing her very prettily, she is very much a wuss and a crybaby and not at all the Dany I love. 
Also, Tywin and Arya's interactions are absurd. I think both actors are a good fit, but the writing of the interplay between the two is beyond ridiculous. 
I also detested the handling of Jon going over and I do not much like Ygritt. Those are the big ones. I have HBO still and will torture myself and watch the rest until I can take no more. The History Channel's "Vikings" is very good, so that can be my medieval TV fix as GoT descends into True Blood style nonsense.
2430	xythil	2012-06-04	In the books the Half-Hand is shown to be a competent and battle harded ranger.
He doesn't need Ygritte dead and tests John snows character in the book. This doesn't come across in the show AT ALL. He just looks like a fool. How could they leave out the "If I wanted her dead I would have done it myself" =/
Then we get NO scenes of Qhorin and his rangers showing their badassery... with Dalbridge holding off MANY wildlings...trying to give Jon and him time to escape.
Jon Snow also comes across looking like a tard.
We lose all this and gain what? A few Ygritte humping Jons leg escapades?
Sad deal =/
2431	clairvoyantcat	2012-06-04	Yeah, more importantly it seems that, from the way they showed it, a lot of people are confused and think that Jon straight up murdered him out of anger, do to the yo mama jokes Qorin was making and what-not.
2432	Bayard	2012-06-04	They completely destroyed Jon Snow's story, and I think his part in ACOK was the best of his story arc. Well, Qhorin was not only a competent ranger, he was the best in the NW, and the best swordsman. Nobody would believe that a 15 years old could defeat him!!! (well, I guess 18 in the show, but not even then). I mean come on, Mance even asks how could Jon defeat the Qhorin, only when he hears about Ghost he believes it. So yeah, Qhorin looks like an idiot, and Jon like the biggest idiot in all of ASOIAF.
I mean, I looked very carefuly to the scene, Jon didn't kill him because he figured out what Qhorin wanted of him, no, he did it because Qhorin kept making him angry.... so, Jon looks like a spoiled little brat!! WHY WHY WHY did they destroy Jon's story ???? it was so good in the book /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> all the changes they made, they did them just because they though they could improve the story.... not because of the translation from book to screen. DAMN D&D!!! (maybe I will calm down in a couple of days and change my mind)
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 04 June 2012 - 09:45 AM.
2433	Septon Meribald	2012-06-04	Yes, I was waiting for Qhorin to order Jon to do what needs to be done, but it never came. I also waited for Ghost's return to win the fight for Jon, but that didn't happen either. I think it seriously hurts Jon's credibility both with the Wildlings, that he was able to kill Qhorin without Qhorin letting him, and with the Watch later, that he did all that he did under the direction of Qhorin. Jon's changes were definitely the most troublesome for me this season.
2434	Versiroth	2012-06-04	They completely destroyed Jon Snow's story, and I think his part in ACOK was the best of his story arc. Well, Qhorin was not only a competent ranger, he was the best in the NW, and the best swordsman. Nobody would believe that a 15 years old could defeat him!!! (well, I guess 18 in the show, but not even then). I mean come on, Mance even asks how could Jon defeat the Qhorin, only when he hears about Ghost he believes it. So yeah, Qhorin looks like an idiot, and Jon like the biggest idiot in all of ASOIAF.I mean, I looked very carefuly to the scene, Jon didn't kill him because he figured out what Qhorin wanted of him, no, he did it because Qhorin kept making him angry.... so, Jon looks like a spoiled little brat!! WHY WHY WHY did they destroy Jon's story ???? it was so good in the book /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> all the changes they made, they did them just because they though they could improve the story.... not because of the translation from book to screen. DAMN D&D!!! (maybe I will calm down in a couple of days and change my mind)WRONG.   Quorin told John in the episodes leading up to that one that one crow within Manse's army was worth 100 outside.  Or something like that.  Then john said that they'd never trust him and Quorin said "they will if you do what needs to be done" and pushes him down all the while calling him a traitor.   John knew very well what we was supposed to do and the look on his face was not anger, but regret and sadness.
2435	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I had the belief that Jon's motivations for killing Qhorin didn't come across as well. I thought that the show must have ruined his character also. Then I talked to about 10 people who did not read the books but watched the show. Every single one of them understood what happened and that Jon did not forsake his vows. I then went on to read reviews online, and every single mention of the incident says that Qhorin gave up his life so that Jon could gain the trust of the wildlings and act as a spy.
This is the meat of the story told in the book. This is the heart of the characterization so I am not upset by the changes. Especially changes that allowed me to spend more time with Rose Leslie on my television screen
2436	drigoly	2012-06-04	bad script writing is bad, realy lame plot between jon/qhorin.
2437	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	I hoped for a little chat between Jon and the halfhand, like in the books, but no, Jon is a deserter now, even worse we cant even say Slynt was wrong by trying to hang him
2438	Versiroth	2012-06-04	I hoped for a little chat between Jon and the halfhand, like in the books, but no, Jon is a deserter now, even worse we cant even say Slynt was wrong by trying to hang himWow... some of you guys really miss a lot of what goes on in the show....
2439	Apoapsis	2012-06-04	Yeah, more importantly it seems that, from the way they showed it, a lot of people are confused and think that Jon straight up murdered him out of anger, do to the yo mama jokes Qorin was making and what-not.That's not confusion, that's exactly what Jon did. In the TV show.
2440	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	I have been rather critical of this storyline all season, and yesterday didn't really help the case for the defence IMO.
I will tell you what would have been a better way of spending time and money. Instead of the extended White Walkers scene (why did we need to see them?), I would have much preferred thirty seconds to make it clear to the viewer as to why Jon was killing Qhorin, and for the show to actually use Ghost to kill Qhorin, making it clear that this is the only way Jon can defeat this legendary Ranger.
2441	turdle	2012-06-04	I had the belief that Jon's motivations for killing Qhorin didn't come across as well. I thought that the show must have ruined his character also. Then I talked to about 10 people who did not read the books but watched the show. Every single one of them understood what happened and that Jon did not forsake his vows. I then went on to read reviews online, and every single mention of the incident says that Qhorin gave up his life so that Jon could gain the trust of the wildlings and act as a spy.This is the meat of the story told in the book. This is the heart of the characterization so I am not upset by the changes. Especially changes that allowed me to spend more time with Rose Leslie on my television screenit's one thing for the audience to understand what qhorin was doing, but it did not seem as though jon understood what qhorin was doing until he had already killed him, which is WAY too late.  there should have been a look of understanding at the first, not after all was said and done.  he's a murderer. jon snow the crow killer.
2442	Dracarya	2012-06-04	Wow... some of you guys really miss a lot of what goes on in the show....Really? It's not clear why Qhorin provokes Jon, especially to the average viewer who isn't watching for every little detail. Taunting Jon with yo mama jokes was just ridiculously lame, and overrides the fact that Qhorin did mention getting Mance to trust Jon. Now Jon just looks like a violent, pouty little baby because someone insulted his mum. Unfortunately this is just one of the very many things that have been wrecked this season.
2443	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	it's one thing for the audience to understand what qhorin was doing, but it did not seem as though jon understood what qhorin was doing until he had already killed him, which is WAY too late.  there should have been a look of understanding at the first, not after all was said and done.  he's a murderer. jon snow the crow killer.I had the exact same fear as well.because of all of the alterations to the story line. It turns out that it was only my fear as all of the unsullied have the same understanding of the character as I do as a book reader. It was established that both Jon and Qhorin set this fight up so that Jon could infiltrate the wildling army.This does not negate the fact that we didn't get to see what kind of a fighter Qhorin was, or how savvy he actually played this move...
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 10:35 AM.
2444	Morvran	2012-06-04	It's more a matter of poor production.  They should know better than to expect viewers to remember what amounted to a throw-away scene from a couple weeks ago where Qhorin gives Jon the "instructions" on how to carry on forward with the wildlings.  They needed to have a final order from Qhorin to help make sense of their little battle.
On the Ghost front, I assumed they'd leave Ghost out of it altogether.  In the book(s) Ghost is around until Mance begins riding south and Jon tells him to go to the wall.   Then Jon doesn't see him again until the attack on the Wall is finished.  I figured they'd just expand that time to encompass the entire Mance intro, journey to the Wall, and attack to save cgi costs.  I don't have a major problem with it.
2445	David Selig	2012-06-04	The whole sequence was really dumb. Qhorin, notorious among the wildlings for being the most dangerous ranger of the all, was allowed to get a sword so easily?
2446	turdle	2012-06-04	I had the exact same fear as well.because of all of the alterations to the story line. It turns out that it was only my fear as all of the unsullied have the same understanding of the character as I do as a book reader. It was established that both Jon and Qhorin set this fight up so that Jon could infiltrate the wildling army.well i'm glad that non-readers came away with that impression, although i believe they are wrong. i've watched the episode twice, and i never see anything to indicate that jon is on the same page as qhorin (until possibly when long claw is sticking through qhorin), in fact, it seems anger was the true motivation for jon to kill qhorin, not an understanding of what qhorin was trying to do.  that is my impression, as a reader, of the that event.
2447	Tadco26	2012-06-04	They also didn't really explain why the wildlings and particularly Rattleshirt would set Jon free just because Qhorin attacked him.  Jon still hasn't even said he wishes to join them, in comparison to the books where Jon says he will join them and then Rattleshirt tells him to kill Qhorin, and Rattleshirt still doesn't ever trust him.
Of course killing TV Qhorin who has been captured already isn't as impressive as killing Qhorin, best ranger in the watch anyway.  The sad thing is that it wouldn't have taken any more screen time or budget to keep it like the books minus Ghost helping Jon.
2448	Versiroth	2012-06-04	it's one thing for the audience to understand what qhorin was doing, but it did not seem as though jon understood what qhorin was doing until he had already killed him, which is WAY too late.  there should have been a look of understanding at the first, not after all was said and done.  he's a murderer. jon snow the crow killer.They just showed what Jon and Qhorin had talked about in the "previously on GoTs" and Qhorin told Jon that he must do what needs to be done.  He did as Qhorin instructed.
2449	Winter's Lady	2012-06-04	I am so disappointed in the handling of Jon's storyline this season. Admittedly, he's my favourite character, so I might be a little overreacting, but from the way the writing of his character is done on the show...man, I don't like it one bit.
From this episode(and the whole season, really) one could get the impression that Jon is now either a turncloak or an overimpulsive teenager. Was it really that hard to find 2 minutes worth of screentime for a Jon/Qhorin dialogue, to get a little background on especially Qhorin's actions? No, of course not, we had to have an unnecessary Ros/Varys scene (no Ros hater here, but c'mon, you only have so much time, focus on important sutff).
Qhorin was such a great character in the books, and on the show he'S just a shell of his self, most of his dialogue sacrificed for pointless drabble. He really came across as a half-brain in this episode, attacking Jon just like this...did he suddenly suffer brain freeze or what?
This fight scene was my favourite chapter in ACOK besides the HotU, and they butchered both of those scenes...no emotional impact, no nothing..."I am disappoint" doesn't even begin to cover it.
2450	Greyjoy67	2012-06-04	Qhorin subtly told Jon what to do.
Maybe it was too subtle, being a TV show and all, but I guarantee his motivations will come up again. There were quite a few nitpicks I had with with Ep10, but this was fine.
2451	turdle	2012-06-04	They just showed what Jon and Qhorin had talked about in the "previously on GoTs" and Qhorin told Jon that he must do what needs to be done.  He did as Qhorin instructed.and jon put it all together once his sword was in qhorin's belly. unless they have a scene next season where jon indicates otherwise, i have no reason to think jon simply wasn't tricked into killing qhorin.
2452	Tadco26	2012-06-04	The question is what did they really gain by changing it?  Other than cutting Ghost, they could have stuck to the original storyline with roughly the same amount of screen time and budget. 
Have Ygritte escape Jon rather than be recaptured.  Jon meets back up with Qhorin who tells him that the other rangers were killed by wildlings.  Have Qhorin tell Jon that he must do anything asked of him talk.  Move the fight up before episode 9, and then move Jon and Ygritte walking thru the snow together as fellow wildlings rather than as prisoners for their "bonding" moments this episode and still end with them looking down on the camp about to go meet Mance.
2453	Versiroth	2012-06-04	and jon put it all together once his sword was in qhorin's belly. unless they have a scene next season where jon indicates otherwise, i have no reason to think jon simply wasn't tricked into killing qhorin.That's not what happened at all.   - Qhorin tells Jon that one crow in Mances army is worth how ever many outside.- Jon tells Qhorin that they'll never trust him.- Qhorin tells Jon that they will if he does what needs to be done and then pushes him down screaming that he's a traitor.- Qhorin attacks Jon all the while calling him a turn cloak/traitor/etc.- Jon does as Qhorin instructed.  He did what needed to be done.Just because Qhorin didn't say "Kill me Jon" doesn't mean it wasn't heavily imply that he wanted Jon to do something extreme in order to get in with the wildlings.   It was obvious that Jon knew what Qhorin was doing.
2454	Versiroth	2012-06-04	The question is what did they really gain by changing it?  Other than cutting Ghost, they could have stuck to the original storyline with roughly the same amount of screen time and budget.Have Ygritte escape Jon rather than be recaptured.  Jon meets back up with Qhorin who tells him that the other rangers were killed by wildlings.  Have Qhorin tell Jon that he must do anything asked of him talk.  Move the fight up before episode 9, and then move Jon and Ygritte walking thru the snow together as fellow wildlings rather than as prisoners for their "bonding" moments this episode and still end with them looking down on the camp about to go meet Mance.The only thing I can figure is that because Ygritte will play a larger part than Qhorin in the series that they wanted more time with her over him.
2455	turdle	2012-06-04	That's not what happened at all.  - Qhorin tells Jon that one crow in Mances army is worth how ever many outside.- Jon tells Qhorin that they'll never trust him.- Qhorin tells Jon that they will if he does what needs to be done and then pushes him down screaming that he's a traitor.- Qhorin attacks Jon all the while calling him a turn cloak/traitor/etc.- Jon does as Qhorin instructed.  He did what needed to be done.Just because Qhorin didn't say "Kill me Jon" doesn't mean it wasn't heavily imply that he wanted Jon to do something extreme in order to get in with the wildlings.   It was obvious that Jon knew what Qhorin was doing.obvious? please. i've watched it twice and at no point is it obvious that jon is on the same page. i'm giving the show the benefit of the doubt by saying that jon understood once he had already killed qhorin, but that look on his face could just as easily be the shock of knowing he had just murdered his fellow crow.i agree qhorin did those things, and because you and i KNOW what qhorin is doing, we know what he wants. but i'm pretty sure jon snow has not read the song of ice and fire novels, so he has to put what qhorin says together in his head by himself, and the earliest that appears to happen is when long claw is siting inside qhorins belly.  jon seems legitimately angry when he is insulted, and it his rage seems to be the legitimate cause for him killing qhorin.  all it would have taken was one shot of jon seeming to recognize the weight of what qhorin was doing before he killed him for me to be on the same page, but it never happens.
2456	Tadco26	2012-06-04	The only thing I can figure is that because Ygritte will play a larger part than Qhorin in the series that they wanted more time with her over him.Yes but doing it as I described would have given her exactly the same amount of screen time, it just would have been in this episode where she and Jon walk together and "get to know each other", with Jon having killed Qhorin in episode 8.  In fact her flirting with him would have actually made more sense if they were companions rather than captor/prisoner.
2457	victim	2012-06-04	After a second viewing I've decided I like what's happened here. Sometimes there is a need for ambiguity in television shows, would people seriously prefer it if they shoved exactly what was going on down our throat? I watch with a few non-readers, and they all understood it was a ruse devised by Qhorin. Jon proved himself, which is a major moment for the character given the liberties they took with his storyline this year.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 04 June 2012 - 11:22 AM.
2458	turdle	2012-06-04	Yes but doing it as I described would have given her exactly the same amount of screen time, it just would have been in this episode where she and Jon walk together and "get to know each other", with Jon having killed Qhorin in episode 8.  In fact her flirting with him would have actually made more sense if they were companions rather than captor/prisoner.i do prefer your scenario, but i think her flirting made enough sense in that she's trying to get him to let his guard down so she can escape. but again, what you suggest would have been a better direction for the show.
2459	Ser Elfor the Landstander	2012-06-04	Yeah, they really destroyed Qhorin's character in the show.
Jon's path is more or less the same (there are some deviations), but Qhorin was a much cooler character in ACOK. He only "lost" that fight with Jon because of Ghost (where is that direwolf, anyways?). And Jon learned a lot from their intense conversations before the fight.
It's a waste, but he's gone now.
2460	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	i agree qhorin did those things, and because you and i KNOW what qhorin is doing, we know what he wants. but i'm pretty sure jon snow has not read the song of ice and fire novels, so he has to put what qhorin says together in his head by himself, and the earliest that appears to happen is when long claw is siting inside qhorins belly.  jon seems legitimately angry when he is insulted, and it his rage seems to be the legitimate cause for him killing qhorin.  all it would have taken was one shot of jon seeming to recognize the weight of what qhorin was doing before he killed him for me to be on the same page, but it never happens.All of these things are very good points. I believed almost exactly the same way upon viewing the episode. I truly thought that the character of Jon Snow had been ruined, and that he had just murdered The Halfhand. It seems that this is an interpretation that I had because I was a book reader, and it was spelled out to us in a completely different manner.The fact of the matter is that every single TV viewer that I have spoken to knows that Jon and Qhorin had a plan to do this. There is not one person that I have talked to that thinks the way that you or I were afraid of, so the show has not changed Jon's character in this regard.
2461	Crown	2012-06-04	Qhorin looked like an idiot on the show, I don't like that.
2462	Aegnor	2012-06-04	In the show Jon kills Qhorin because he was angry that Qhorin called Ned a traitor and his mother a whore. That is what comes across. Jon is a murderer and a traitor to the Night's Watch. I believe this is the worst mistake they have made in the adaptation, by far.
I'm not quitting the show, as I have a year to rewrite the scene in my head and pretend a scene exists where the Halfhand orders Jon to kill him.
2463	The Smiling Eye	2012-06-04	obvious? please. i've watched it twice and at no point is it obvious that jon is on the same page. i'm giving the show the benefit of the doubt by saying that jon understood once he had already killed qhorin, but that look on his face could just as easily be the shock of knowing he had just murdered his fellow crow.i agree qhorin did those things, and because you and i KNOW what qhorin is doing, we know what he wants. but i'm pretty sure jon snow has not read the song of ice and fire novels, so he has to put what qhorin says together in his head by himself, and the earliest that appears to happen is when long claw is siting inside qhorins belly.  jon seems legitimately angry when he is insulted, and it his rage seems to be the legitimate cause for him killing qhorin.  all it would have taken was one shot of jon seeming to recognize the weight of what qhorin was doing before he killed him for me to be on the same page, but it never happens.You're making something  out of nothing. Your argument holds no water. Jon understood perfectly well what Qhorin conveyed to him and it showed after he disarmed Qhorin, he took a second to gaze at him as a farewell before running him through. Had he really been angry, there would have been no hesitation and it might have even been a gruesomer death.Qhorin conveyed to Jon that he needed to kill him, and Jon did so. This part of the story can not be argued. The part that can is the believability of him actually defeating the Halfhand in combat, without Ghost.
2464	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	They should know better than to expect viewers to remember what amounted to a throw-away scene from a couple weeks ago where Qhorin gives Jon the "instructions" on how to carry on forward with the wildlings.  They needed to have a final order from Qhorin to help make sense of their little battle.But viewers did remember it.  It seems odd for people to criticise a scene for creating "confusion" among viewers, when it seems that the viewers themselves understand exactly what happened. The real complaint here isn't that the scene was "confusing", because both readers and viewers understand why Jon did what he did.  The real complaint is by readers who wanted it to play out exactly as it did in the books, and are using a bogus "it was confusing to viewers" argument to justify that.  If you are mad that it didn't play out exactly as it did in the books, fine.  But to raising the false argument that people were confused, when they really weren't, is wrong.
2465	Cheese Pudding	2012-06-04	The problem wasn't the fight, Qhorin needed to make it real enough so that the Wildlings could believe in it. The problem was the lack of communication between him and Jon. He said what he needed to do, but much of the nonreaders were like "wtf"
2466	Versiroth	2012-06-04	In the show Jon kills Qhorin because he was angry that Qhorin called Ned a traitor and his mother a whore. That is what comes across. Jon is a murderer and a traitor to the Night's Watch. I believe this is the worst mistake they have made in the adaptation, by far.I'm not quitting the show, as I have a year to rewrite the scene in my head and pretend a scene exists where the Halfhand orders Jon to kill him.It's hilarious to me that non-book readers got that the whole thing was a set up and a ruse, but some book readers now think Jon is a crow murdering turncoat....   Qhorin said those things to make the fight believable.   Jon knew that Qhorin did not really think he was a traitor.
2467	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Does anyone believe that Jon Show is the type of character to stand up to Stannis and Melisandre, beat the Thenns and defend the wall against Mance?
2468	victim	2012-06-04	In episode 8, Qhorin and Jon are having a nice peaceful chat (well, a nice secretive whisper) before Qhorin starts yelling at Jon. There is no way Jon didn't realise what was going on as they were talking calmly and then a second later it was "Oh, I hate you and I want to kill you." Puhhhlease!
2469	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Does anyone believe that Jon Show is the type of character to stand up to Stannis and Melisandre, beat the Thenns and defend the wall against Mance?Uh... Yes... Resoundingly... Jon Snow is still a Marty Stuhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Sue
2470	Morvran	2012-06-04	They couldn't develop both Ygritte and Qhorin equally during the season, and I think they decided that Ygritte's story is more important for the show than Qhorin's.  I think this is particularly true for non-readers so they can then crush their souls right and proper next season (and if you think they're going to just have Jon find Ygritte with an arrow in her back you got another thing comin').  So Qhorin's section was stripped down to bare essentials.
Honestly, I'm fine with it.
2471	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Does anyone believe that Jon Show is the type of character to stand up to Stannis and Melisandre, beat the Thenns and defend the wall against Mance?Absolutely.   Jon is my favorite character in the books and although they haven't really delved into his character much in the show, I don't believe they've compromised it at all.
2472	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	obvious? please. i've watched it twice and at no point is it obvious that jon is on the same page. i'm giving the show the benefit of the doubt by saying that jon understood once he had already killed qhorin, but that look on his face could just as easily be the shock of knowing he had just murdered his fellow crow.i agree qhorin did those things, and because you and i KNOW what qhorin is doing, we know what he wants. but i'm pretty sure jon snow has not read the song of ice and fire novels, so he has to put what qhorin says together in his head by himself, and the earliest that appears to happen is when long claw is siting inside qhorins belly.  jon seems legitimately angry when he is insulted, and it his rage seems to be the legitimate cause for him killing qhorin.  all it would have taken was one shot of jon seeming to recognize the weight of what qhorin was doing before he killed him for me to be on the same page, but it never happens.I agree with this.Obviously non-readers get that it was a ruse because Qhorin signposts his motivations very clearly. What people miss is that it is not in anyway obvious that Jon understood the plan, until he had killed Qhorin. You would think he must have done given Qhorin's behaviour in episode eight but if you look at Jon's expression after he was pushed down the hill it is just pure befuddlement, not resignation, sadness, horror, disquiet etc. I actually thought Ygritte was onto the plan, whereas Jon wasn't, but apparently that wasn't true (silly Ygritte).Jon's general stupidity this season also makes it plausible that he did not really understand Qhorin's intentions. In addition Qhorin has messed him around before, telling him the NW is important then saying its all just words so it is credible Jon was just confused by Qhorin's behaviour.As others have pointed out the whole plan made no sense anyway given the changed circumstances so Jon Show cottoning on is even more unlikely.
2473	Reposado	2012-06-04	the craziest part was how random the attack was. the wildlings should have been "wait why does he think jon is a traitor?" there was no reason for halfhand to think that yet. really bizarre ending to a bizarrely plotted arc
2474	Versiroth	2012-06-04	I agree with this.Obviously non-readers get that it was a ruse because Qhorin signposts his motivations very clearly.What people miss is that it is not in anyway obvious that Jon understood the plan, until he had killed Qhorin. You would think he must have done given Qhorin's behaviour in episode eight but if you look at Jon's expression after he was pushed down the hill it is just pure befuddlement, not resignation, sadness, horror, disquiet etc. I actually thought Ygritte was onto the plan, whereas Jon wasn't, but apparently that wasn't true (silly Ygritte).Jon's general stupidity this season also makes it plausible that he did not really understand Qhorin's intentions. In addition Qhorin has messed him around before, telling him the NW is important then saying its all just words so it is credible Jon was just confused by Qhorin's behaviour.As others have pointed out the whole plan made no sense anyway given the changed circumstances so Jon Show cottoning on is even more unlikely.Sorry, but you're so far off base it's insane.  Regardless of what you thought you saw in Jon's face, it's blatantly obvious that the writers meant the character to be onto the plan.  So, you can say "Kit Harrington didn't express that well" (though I thought his expressions were spot on), but saying "Jon Snow in the show didn't know and murdered the half-hand in cold blood" is a ridiculous statement.  Especially given the conversation Qhorin and Jon had before Qhorin first shoved him and called him a traitor.
2475	dtones520	2012-06-04	it's one thing for the audience to understand what qhorin was doing, but it did not seem as though jon understood what qhorin was doing until he had already killed him, which is WAY too late.  there should have been a look of understanding at the first, not after all was said and done.  he's a murderer. jon snow the crow killer. Qhorin tells Jon that one brother in the ranks of the Wildlings is worth 100 outside. Jon asks how they are ever going to believe him and Qhorin tells him that he must do what needs to be done and the yells about him being a traitors bastard and throws him down the ledge. Jon didn't really have much time to process what he meant.Then Jon and Qhorin fight when they are getting close to Mances camp. Qhorin realizes this is his chance. Jon fights back because if he doesnt they will let Qhorin kill him. If Qhorin goes to the Wildings, they won't care that they killed some green kid, but Jon killing the legendary half hand is something the Wildlings would respect. When Jon kills him, and I'm pretty sure Qhorin let's him, he whispers to him part of the vows, which causes Jon to realize that "this is what he meant"Most non book readers figured that out pretty easily. Those who I have spoke with who didn't realized pretty fast after I reminded them of the scene where Qhorin tells Jon he must do what needs be done. So, if the majority of non book readers understand, then it seems to me like book readers are again bitching because things didn't happen like in the book. Guess what? Non readers, again, understand the central plot. Shocking.
2476	turdle	2012-06-04	Qhorin tells Jon that one brother in the ranks of the Wildlings is worth 100 outside. Jon asks how they are ever going to believe him and Qhorin tells him that he must do what needs to be done and the yells about him being a traitors bastard and throws him down the ledge. Jon didn't really have much time to process what he meant.Then Jon and Qhorin fight when they are getting close to Mances camp. Qhorin realizes this is his chance. Jon fights back because if he doesnt they will let Qhorin kill him. If Qhorin goes to the Wildings, they won't care that they killed some green kid, but Jon killing the legendary half hand is something the Wildlings would respect. When Jon kills him, and I'm pretty sure Qhorin let's him, he whispers to him part of the vows, which causes Jon to realize that "this is what he meant"Most non book readers figured that out pretty easily. Those who I have spoke with who didn't realized pretty fast after I reminded them of the scene where Qhorin tells Jon he must do what needs be done. So, if the majority of non book readers understand, then it seems to me like book readers are again bitching because things didn't happen like in the book. Guess what? Non readers, again, understand the central plot. Shocking.are you trying to argue against what i've been saying, because what you just wrote backs up what i've been saying all along. jon doesn't process the plan until he's killed qhorin, and qhorin says his line about being the watchers on the wall.  it's not a question of understanding the central plot, it's a question of motivation.  in jons head, what is his reason for killing qhorin half hand?  i suspect that most non-book readers like jon snow, so they give him the benefit of the doubt, and assume that he's in on the plan.
2477	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	Qhorin tells Jon that one brother in the ranks of the Wildlings is worth 100 outside. Jon asks how they are ever going to believe him and Qhorin tells him that he must do what needs to be done and the yells about him being a traitors bastard and throws him down the ledge. Jon didn't really have much time to process what he meant.Then Jon and Qhorin fight when they are getting close to Mances camp. Qhorin realizes this is his chance. Jon fights back because if he doesnt they will let Qhorin kill him. If Qhorin goes to the Wildings, they won't care that they killed some green kid, but Jon killing the legendary half hand is something the Wildlings would respect. When Jon kills him, and I'm pretty sure Qhorin let's him, he whispers to him part of the vows, which causes Jon to realize that "this is what he meant"Most non book readers figured that out pretty easily. Those who I have spoke with who didn't realized pretty fast after I reminded them of the scene where Qhorin tells Jon he must do what needs be done. So, if the majority of non book readers understand, then it seems to me like book readers are again bitching because things didn't happen like in the book. Guess what? Non readers, again, understand the central plot. Shocking.This post is hilarious. I agree with you about everything but none of what you say supports the argument you think it does. Just answer this, if Jon kills Qhorin and realizes only then what 'do what must be done means' he didn't kill him to prove himself a turncoat did he? Qhorin is unarmed when Jon kills him which means Jon is a murderer and has no excuse as he hadn't figured out Qhorin's plan.Duh.
2478	Jerritus	2012-06-04	They just showed what Jon and Qhorin had talked about in the "previously on GoTs" and Qhorin told Jon that he must do what needs to be done.  He did as Qhorin instructed.Jon killed Qhorin in a flash of rage, and after killing him understood what Qhorin had meant. They should have made Jon realize Qhorin's meaning first, and then have him kill him.
2479	bloodymime	2012-06-04	I hate complaining about the show because the show and the books are two separate things and I'm fine with that but it's hard to believe these guys making it as any kind of fans when they take one of the best minor characters like the Halfhand and just... completely butcher him. It was awful, there's no other way to put it. I knew it was going to be bad once they turned him into a chatterbox but I really didn't expect it to be this bad. There wasn't one single redeeming quality in that portrayal of Qhorin. Best just forget he ever existed in the show.
This also has nothing to do with the actor, besides lacking the height I thought he looked good for the part and could have done a good job capturing the Halfhand if they had let him.
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 04 June 2012 - 01:17 PM.
2480	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	Sorry, but you're so far off base it's insane.  Regardless of what you thought you saw in Jon's face, it's blatantly obvious that the writers meant the character to be onto the plan.  So, you can say "Kit Harrington didn't express that well" (though I thought his expressions were spot on), but saying "Jon Snow in the show didn't know and murdered the half-hand in cold blood" is a ridiculous statement.  Especially given the conversation Qhorin and Jon had before Qhorin first shoved him and called him a traitor.Sweet.Sorry, but I'm having difficulty discerning much of an argument in your post. I don't think it is blatantly obvious the writers meant for us to assume Jon was in on the plan and I cited the same scene in support of this opinion as you produced for the contrary view.The writers in that scene were showing us Qhorin's plan, nothing more. In the show Jon's relationship with Qhorin is about Qhorin coming to understand what an irrational fool Jon Show is. The man is a total liability and would need help to take a shit in the woods. Qhorin gives him enough information to interpret his later actions (one brother on the inside, and so on) but he didn't trust him to carry out the plan of his own volition. Hence the goading, which worked, because Jon Show is pond life.
2481	Djinn	2012-06-04	Tv show Jon is a turncloak that killed Qhorin in a fit of rage, only to realize that he was baited to do it. The wildings a stupid in keeping thei prisioners and arming them for a personal duel. Guess Theon isn't so lonely now in the folish traitor regiment.
2482	turdle	2012-06-04	Sweet.Sorry, but I'm having difficulty discerning much of an argument in your post. I don't think it is blatantly obvious the writers meant for us to assume Jon was in on the plan and I cited the same scene in support of this opinion as you produced for the contrary view.The writers in that scene were showing us Qhorin's plan, nothing more.In the show Jon's relationship with Qhorin is about Qhorin coming to understand what an irrational fool Jon Show is. The man is a total liability and would need help to take a shit in the woods. Qhorin gives him enough information to interpret his later actions (one brother on the inside, and so on) but he didn't trust him to carry out the plan of his own volition. Hence the goading, which worked, because Jon Show is pond life.spot on.  the argument that jon did realize the plan ahead of time seems to be two fold,1- assertion. jon knows. therefore he knows. i know he knows. he knows.2- non readers by and large interpret jon to be in on the plan.well great. i don't know how they got there given what we've seen, and i think they're giving jon too much credit, but hats off to them.
2483	victim	2012-06-04	Qhorin states that "one brother inside his army will be worth a thousand fighting against him." To this, Jon responds with "they'll never trust me."
How does that not clearly show that Jon understood what Qhorin was telling him? I think Jon's expressed shock was simply him realising that Qhorin knew what they were going to make him do. Just like the books, he did not understand the brevity of Qhorin's orders until after he had killed him.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 04 June 2012 - 01:27 PM.
2484	turdle	2012-06-04	Qhorin states that "one brother inside his army will be worth a thousand fighting against him." To this, Jon responds with "they'll never trust me."How does that not clearly show that Jon understood what Qhorin was telling him? I think Jon's expressed shock was simply him realising that Qhorin knew what they were going to him do. Just like the books, he did not understand the brevity of Qhorin's orders until after he had killed him.that line clearly shows that jon understands that the plan is still to kill mance raider, but does not suggest that jon understands that qhorin means for jon to kill himself (qhorin).
2485	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Jon killed Qhorin in a flash of rage, and after killing him understood what Qhorin had meant. They should have made Jon realize Qhorin's meaning first, and then have him kill him.Again, completely wrong.  They wouldn't have shown Qhorin telling Jon "You must do what must be done" on the "previous on" if they didn't mean the audience to figure it out that Qhorin wanted Jon to kill him.    Jon knew Qhorin wanted him to do something to prove himself to the wildlings and he may not have know just what until that moment, but I don't believe for a second that Jon killed Qhorin out of rage.
2486	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Sweet.Sorry, but I'm having difficulty discerning much of an argument in your post. I don't think it is blatantly obvious the writers meant for us to assume Jon was in on the plan and I cited the same scene in support of this opinion as you produced for the contrary view.The writers in that scene were showing us Qhorin's plan, nothing more.In the show Jon's relationship with Qhorin is about Qhorin coming to understand what an irrational fool Jon Show is. The man is a total liability and would need help to take a shit in the woods. Qhorin gives him enough information to interpret his later actions (one brother on the inside, and so on) but he didn't trust him to carry out the plan of his own volition. Hence the goading, which worked, because Jon Show is pond life.Well, you missed very blatant attempts by the writers to show you that Jon knew what Qhorin was doing.  And later, when he tells his black brothers "I was following the Half Hands orders", maybe then you can admit you were wrong.
2487	victim	2012-06-04	that line clearly shows that jon understands that the plan is still to kill mance raider, but does not suggest that jon understands that qhorin means for jon to kill himself (qhorin).I disagree, Jon didn't know that Qhorin wanted to kill him immediately at that point, what he did realise was the Qhorin was going to get him to do something to prove himself, he just didn't know what. He realises after when Qhorin starts fighting him and pushes him down a hill, after he's been told "they might, if you do what must be done." In this episode, Jon realises the weight of that order.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 04 June 2012 - 01:38 PM.
2488	dtones520	2012-06-04	are you trying to argue against what i've been saying, because what you just wrote backs up what i've been saying all along. jon doesn't process the plan until he's killed qhorin, and qhorin says his line about being the watchers on the wall.  it's not a question of understanding the central plot, it's a question of motivation.  in jons head, what is his reason for killing qhorin half hand?  i suspect that most non-book readers like jon snow, so they give him the benefit of the doubt, and assume that he's in on the plan.His reason for killing Qhorin was that it was either kill or be killed. That's not murder. Jon knew Qhorin had a plan, he didn't realize that him letting Jon kill him was that plan until he killed him. If Jon does nothing, the Wildlings let Qhorin kill him.
2489	Jameson Snow	2012-06-04	Ok, so I've read ACOK and parts of ASOS. But are the White Walkers even a plot point next season? From what I've read, there's a couple of em here and there, but nothing about a big army of them bastards. Why did we spend the money and time on them if they aren't even going to be a huge concern in the near future? Correct me if I'm wrong, I'm definitely a newbie! But mannn, Qhorin and Jon were sooo lame...
I was disappointed in every single story line of the finale. Except the Kingslayer's, I guess. And Arya.
2490	xythil	2012-06-04	I had the belief that Jon's motivations for killing Qhorin didn't come across as well. I thought that the show must have ruined his character also. Then I talked to about 10 people who did not read the books but watched the show. Every single one of them understood what happened and that Jon did not forsake his vows. I then went on to read reviews online, and every single mention of the incident says that Qhorin gave up his life so that Jon could gain the trust of the wildlings and act as a spy.This is the meat of the story told in the book. This is the heart of the characterization so I am not upset by the changes. Especially changes that allowed me to spend more time with Rose Leslie on my television screenLike i hate to make this personal but its because of people like you we cant have nice things.You sacrafice amazing scenes like squire dalbridges sacrafice and qhorin half hand mentoring hon...really showing yo the nights watch is more than just a penal colony for rapists,,,not just us he vewer but jon as well....for some average red headed chick humping a dudes leg?You want porn go waych porn. I want a well old story...and sadly when it comes to Jon we got trash.
2491	dtones520	2012-06-04	This post is hilarious. I agree with you about everything but none of what you say supports the argument you think it does. Just answer this, if Jon kills Qhorin and realizes only then what 'do what must be done means' he didn't kill him to prove himself a turncoat did he? Qhorin is unarmed when Jon kills him which means Jon is a murderer and has no excuse as he hadn't figured out Qhorin's plan.Duh.Jon killed Qhorin because if he didn't the Wildlings wouldn't let one of them walk away from that fight. When you are fighting someone with a sword and you disarm him, that is when you kill him. Unless he yields and then you kill hi , it's OT murder. If Jon doesn't kill Qhorin, Qhorin kills Jon.
2492	Versiroth	2012-06-04	Sorry, double post...
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 04 June 2012 - 01:45 PM.
2493	Versiroth	2012-06-04	From Kit Harrington:"I think the soul of Jon has been ripped out from doing that. Killing a faceless wildling beyond The Wall is one thing, but killing your teacher, your commander, this notorious hero of the Night's Watch, to know that you have to go with the wildlings and pretend to be something you're not, to pretend to be a traitor when you're not is hard."
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 04 June 2012 - 01:44 PM.
2494	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	You want porn go waych porn. I want a well old story...and sadly when it comes to Jon we got trash.This post actually made me laugh. If I were to be trying to watch porn, and all I got was two completely bundled up people showing as much flesh as a pilgrim in an igloo, then I would be pissed.and to whomever referred to Rose Leslie as an "average redhead", I will be really mad at you as soon as she meets me and falls madly and passionately in love with me and decides to have my babies.None of this is trying to take away any of the things that you are upset about. I can understand why you are frustrated at losing a lot of time with Qhorin. I just don't believe for one minute that the audience thinks that Jon is now a traitor and a murderer
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 01:54 PM.
2495	Versiroth	2012-06-04	http://tv.yahoo.com/...-021600505.htmlRead that interview.    Jon knew he was supposed to kill Qhorin before he killed him.  Everything else was him trying to be convincing to the wildlings.
2496	xythil	2012-06-04	http://tv.yahoo.com/...-021600505.htmlRead that interview.	Jon knew he was supposed to kill Qhorin before he killed him.  Everything else was him trying to be convincing to the wildlings.Not sure why anyone is arguing if Jon knew or not....All John knows is the nights watch is a joke...its greatest livig legend is a joke who thinks his vows were "just words"Instead of a journey that shows there is honor, sacrafice, and a real purpose to the nighs watch...enough to make jon for go sannis offer later in favor of his brothers....we get leg humping
2497	turdle	2012-06-04	i think you are misunderstanding the complaint. i believe that the writers intended for jon snow to be in on the plan. but i also believe that the show failed to convey that. so that kit harrington says "I think the soul of Jon has been ripped out from doing that. Killing a faceless wildling beyond The Wall is one thing, but killing your teacher, your commander, this notorious hero of the Night's Watch, to know that you have to go with the wildlings and pretend to be something you're not, to pretend to be a traitor when you're not is hard," it doesn't matter at all.
2498	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	Jon killed Qhorin because if he didn't the Wildlings wouldn't let one of them walk away from that fight. When you are fighting someone with a sword and you disarm him, that is when you kill him. Unless he yields and then you kill hi , it's OT murder. If Jon doesn't kill Qhorin, Qhorin kills Jon.Nope.There is no evidence in that scene that the wildlings want a fight to the death as it all happens too fast.Qhorin cannot kill Jon sans sword. It isn't knightly combat or anything, if Jon is not in on the plan at this point (which you agree with) then he had no reason to kill a man he had disarmed and had some reason to believe had either lost his mind or was behaving very strangely.It was murder.
2499	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	OK... Here is the question...
If we as book readers know that Jon and the Halfhand had a plan that Jon would kill Qhorin to gain the trust of the wildlings so he could spy on them and at least one of them would live.
and...
People who did not read the books almost unanimously came to the same conclusion.
and...
The actors know the same thing and are speaking about it.
What is the problem?
Complaints about losing plot with Qhorin are perfectly legitimate gripes. I can even agree that I would have liked to have the time this year to see a more accurate portrayal. What I can't agree with is that the show somehow "confused"  the viewers and the motivation for Jon Snow's character was completely changed because everyone has the same opinion of his motivation whether we read the books or didn't.
2500	Dakswim	2012-06-04	This is the first issue in two seasons that has really dissapointed.  The Kings Landing stuff felt unnecessary after last week, I kinda understand why they wanted to show Tyrion getting robbed of his brilliant battle plan.  But with how little we've seen of Jon and Qhorin his entire storyline this season felt more like things happening to Jon rather than Jon changing to adapt to a new situation.  We needed to see somehow that this is having an effect on Jon that a handful of short scenes just can't convey. 
God I wish this show would get another 2-3 hours per season.  Still excited to see the wights.
2501	Versiroth	2012-06-04	i think you are misunderstanding the complaint. i believe that the writers intended for jon snow to be in on the plan. but i also believe that the show failed to convey that. so that kit harrington says "I think the soul of Jon has been ripped out from doing that. Killing a faceless wildling beyond The Wall is one thing, but killing your teacher, your commander, this notorious hero of the Night's Watch, to know that you have to go with the wildlings and pretend to be something you're not, to pretend to be a traitor when you're not is hard," it doesn't matter at all.Sure it matters.   People are saying that Jon is now a murder.  That he's not the same as he was in the books.  They're saying that he killed Qhorin out of rage.   They're saying he didn't know about the plan until after he killed him, etc.  Heck, that last one is from you yourself.   The interview I posted has Kit saying that Jon knew.   So, what happens in the book and the movie is the same.  The path is different, but the end result is the same.
2502	Tadco26	2012-06-04	Jon killed Qhorin because if he didn't the Wildlings wouldn't let one of them walk away from that fight. When you are fighting someone with a sword and you disarm him, that is when you kill him. Unless he yields and then you kill hi , it's OT murder. If Jon doesn't kill Qhorin, Qhorin kills Jon.Neither one of them was about to be executed when the fight happened, so to say neither would have walked away isn't exactly true.  Both could have walked away and lived at least long enough to see Mance.  Beyond that, why do the wildlings now seemingly trust Jon when he hasn't even asked if he can join them, and only killed Qhorin in self defense?  Qhorin calling Jon a traitor made no sense when Jon never did anything to show he was a traitor.  In comparision to the books where Jon aks to join the wildlings, Rattleshirt tells him to kill Qhorin, and then he still doesn't trust Jon.Sure it matters.   People are saying that Jon is now a murder.  That he's not the same as he was in the books.  They're saying that he killed Qhorin out of rage.   They're saying he didn't know about the plan until after he killed him, etc.  Heck, that last one is from you yourself.   The interview I posted has Kit saying that Jon knew.   So, what happens in the book and the movie is the same.  The path is different, but the end result is the same.The show didn't make it clear that is for sure, and the set up was clumsy at best.  Which all goes back to why change it in the first place?  I can't see how they saved any screen time or budget by altering it the way they did. It seems like this season was based on a bunch of bets by the writers to see how much they could change the story and still "get to the same place".
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 04 June 2012 - 02:22 PM.
2503	turdle	2012-06-04	OK... Here is the question...If we as book readers know that Jon and the Halfhand had a plan that Jon would kill Qhorin to gain the trust of the wildlings so he could spy on them and at least one of them would live.and...People who did not read the books almost unanimously came to the same conclusion.and...The actors know the same thing and are speaking about it.What is the problem?1- it seems that many, if not most, of the readers did not interpret jon as knowing the plan.2- you are my only source that non-readers interpreted it that way. here is at least one example of non-readers (very well informed non-readers i might add) who did not interpret the scene as jon understanding what qhorin was doing:http://www.youtube.c...feature=g-all-u (skip ahead to about 20:00 to see the scene discussed)3- it doesn't matter at all if kit harrington knows what jon snows favorite flavor of ice cream is if it's never conveyed on the show.
2504	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Sure it matters.   People are saying that Jon is now a murder.  That he's not the same as he was in the books.  They're saying that he killed Qhorin out of rage.   They're saying he didn't know about the plan until after he killed him, etc.  Heck, that last one is from you yourself.   The interview I posted has Kit saying that Jon knew.   So, what happens in the book and the movie is the same.  The path is different, but the end result is the same.The only people saying John is a murderer who forsook his oaths are us book readers. I said it also upon watching the episode. I was wrong, because the writers gave enough of the real motivations away to the audience that the non book reader understood the plot. So.. the truth is, is that it is resoundingly understood by people that John Snow is going to act as a spy for the Night's Watch next season.2- you are my only source that non-readers interpreted it that way. here is at least one example of non-readers (very well informed non-readers i might add) who did not interpret the scene as jon understanding what qhorin was doing:http://www.youtube.c...feature=g-all-u (skip ahead to about 20:00 to see the scene discussed)Ok... You found one person that doesn't have a clue... I can link dozens of recaps and review that refute this. literally dozens. here is one.. starts at 25:45http://www.youtube.com/otakuassemble
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 02:38 PM.
2505	turdle	2012-06-04	Sure it matters.   People are saying that Jon is now a murder.  That he's not the same as he was in the books.  They're saying that he killed Qhorin out of rage.   They're saying he didn't know about the plan until after he killed him, etc.  Heck, that last one is from you yourself.   The interview I posted has Kit saying that Jon knew.   So, what happens in the book and the movie is the same.  The path is different, but the end result is the same.the way he has been presented on the tv show, that is what matters, not what the actor thinks, or knows. the only thing that matters is what's up on the screen. if jon, at some point says, "yeah, i knew it all along." then that changes things, not what kit harrington says in an interview.
2506	turdle	2012-06-04	Ok... You found one person that doesn't have a clue... I can link dozens of recaps and review that refute this. literally dozens. here is one http://www.youtube.com/otakuassemblerefute? how does one refute someone else's interpretation? the point is that it can be, and i think very reasonably (and so did you), interpreted that jon is tricked.  i don't have access to dozens of people at the moment, but of the video's i've seen online, of people who are non-readers, it's split 50/50.  most of the video reviews online are people who have read the books.there are 0 people who read the books who thought jon was tricked in the book, and there is no reason that it couldn't have been the same on the tv show.
2507	Spidey	2012-06-04	the way he has been presented on the tv show, that is what matters, not what the actor thinks, or knows. the only thing that matters is what's up on the screen. if jon, at some point says, "yeah, i knew it all along." then that changes things, not what kit harrington says in an interview.The way it was presented was that Quorin told Jon about his plan two weeks ago. They even put it in the previouslies. If people can't remember that, it's their own damn fault for having crappy memory.
					
					
							Edited by Spidey, 04 June 2012 - 03:37 PM.
2508	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	For me the way it played out in the show will make it harder for me to believe him when he returns to the NW.  Jon Snow could say QH ORDERED me to DO WHATEVER IT TOOK.  Jon Show has to say, well umm I think he was telling me to kill him, sleep with Y, climb the wall and all, well that is how I took it.
Again, I keep coming back to is Jon SHow the badass who stands up to Mel and Stannis, defeats Thenn and Mance and then walks right into the camp of 30,000 wildings?
2509	turdle	2012-06-04	The way it was presented was that Quorin told Jon about his plan two weeks ago. If people can't remember that, it's their own damn fault for having bad longterm memory.please read the previous pages of this thread in which that issue has already been discussed before jumping on the last thing i wrote like you have a new revelation.
2510	Spidey	2012-06-04	Well it seems like it needs to be repeated.
2511	turdle	2012-06-04	Well it seems like it needs to be repeated.k. mission accomplished.
2512	Tony Soprano	2012-06-04	I'm really disappointed by all of the Jon/Halfhand interactions. First of all, they needed to make him a badass. They didn't have to show him fighting Wildlings or anything like that, it could have been just conversation between...I don't know...Edd and Sam. " Hey, you know what? I heard this guy caught a Wildlings' axe with his hand when he was ambushed once. Then he killed all of the Wildlings. And then a few more " . Or something along those lines.
And the attack? The whole scene sucked. The few lines that Rattleshirt also disappointed me. Especially the " Let them fight " thing. He just made that decision on a whim?  I don't know, it sounded kinda ridiculous to me. And the fight scene could have been salvaged by one line. " You must not falter...whatever is asked of you " . Qhorin could have said that to Jon as he was dying. I didn't see the point of the whole " We are the watchers on the Wall " thing, and it too sounded stupid to me.
2513	The Last Reyne	2012-06-04	They completely destroyed Jon Snow's story, and I think his part in ACOK was the best of his story arc. Well, Qhorin was not only a competent ranger, he was the best in the NW, and the best swordsman. Nobody would believe that a 15 years old could defeat him!!! (well, I guess 18 in the show, but not even then). I mean come on, Mance even asks how could Jon defeat the Qhorin, only when he hears about Ghost he believes it. So yeah, Qhorin looks like an idiot, and Jon like the biggest idiot in all of ASOIAF. I mean, I looked very carefuly to the scene, Jon didn't kill him because he figured out what Qhorin wanted of him, no, he did it because Qhorin kept making him angry.... so, Jon looks like a spoiled little brat!! WHY WHY WHY did they destroy Jon's story ???? it was so good in the book /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> all the changes they made, they did them just because they though they could improve the story.... not because of the translation from book to screen. DAMN D&D!!! (maybe I will calm down in a couple of days and change my mind)I doubt it because you are completely correct. Of all the changes this season this was the worst and made the least sense. And yeah, where is Ghost?
2514	Esellesar	2012-06-04	You all saying you didn't understand it need to watch the previous two episodes when you are sober and pay attention. I have never read the books and it was clear as day what was taking place.
I think the changes from the book to tv were quite necessary as there was a small window of time given to Jon Snow while he was North of the Wall. Hell even his scenes with Ygritte felt short compared to everything else that was going on.  I understand you hate the changes made, but the fact that the result is still the same should allow you to appreciate the subtle differences.
I for one bet that if you watched LotR and attempted to tell me there are fewer changes in those movies compared to the books you would be dead wrong. As an avid Tolkien fan there were so many huge changes I cannot even list them all to you.  But the changes were made and after the completiion of the trilogy, it felt like a solid, ableit condensed version of LotR.  Maybe give this show a chance to at least display the first episodes of Season 3 before you judge this episode so harshly.
					
					
							Edited by Esellesar, 04 June 2012 - 06:39 PM.
2515	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	They also didn't really explain why the wildlings and particularly Rattleshirt would set Jon free just because Qhorin attacked him.  Jon still hasn't even said he wishes to join them, in comparison to the books where Jon says he will join them and then Rattleshirt tells him to kill Qhorin, and Rattleshirt still doesn't ever trust him.Of course killing TV Qhorin who has been captured already isn't as impressive as killing Qhorin, best ranger in the watch anyway.  The sad thing is that it wouldn't have taken any more screen time or budget to keep it like the books minus Ghost helping Jon.Agree 100%. Jon never expressed any desire to join the wildings, and really, what's so impressive about killing Qhorin? (in the show). He was already captured by the wildings, so they could have done away with him whenver they wanted to. Plus, show Qhorin is a complete nincompoop who gets all his rangers killed and himself captured simply because he decided to let Jon kill Ygritte. And of course, Qhorin doesn't actually watch Jon go through with it, because I don't know why. It's clear in teh books, but in teh show, Qhorin is just an idiot and a crap ranger.Jon's story was really, really butchered this season. The only reason I can see for him getting captured so early was to have more Ygritte, which was not a good trade off for the mangling of his story and character. Why even add more Ygritte, when if ASOS is two seasons, she's going to be around for a good while.
2516	Don't_call_me_Ser	2012-06-04	Jon clearly didn't have a clue what was happening till Qhorin's last dying words. Then he just looked confused.
TV Jon is an idiot.
2517	Esellesar	2012-06-04	Agree 100%. Jon never expressed any desire to join the wildings, and really, what's so impressive about killing Qhorin? (in the show). He was already captured by the wildings, so they could have done away with him whenver they wanted to. Plus, show Qhorin is a complete nincompoop who gets all his rangers killed and himself captured simply because he decided to let Jon kill Ygritte. And of course, Qhorin doesn't actually watch Jon go through with it, because I don't know why. It's clear in teh books, but in teh show, Qhorin is just an idiot and a crap ranger.Jon's story was really, really butchered this season. The only reason I can see for him getting captured so early was to have more Ygritte, which was not a good trade off for the mangling of his story and character. Why even add more Ygritte, when if ASOS is two seasons, she's going to be around for a good while.Perhaps it is because her storyline with Jon has so much influence on Jon for the rest of the series...Perhaps GRRM felt she was more important to the development of Jon Snow than the Halfhand was.
2518	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	OK... Here is the question...If we as book readers know that Jon and the Halfhand had a plan that Jon would kill Qhorin to gain the trust of the wildlings so he could spy on them and at least one of them would live.and...People who did not read the books almost unanimously came to the same conclusion.and...The actors know the same thing and are speaking about it.What is the problem?Complaints about losing plot with Qhorin are perfectly legitimate gripes. I can even agree that I would have liked to have the time this year to see a more accurate portrayal. What I can't agree with is that the show somehow "confused"  the viewers and the motivation for Jon Snow's character was completely changed because everyone has the same opinion of his motivation whether we read the books or didn't.Because it was handled poorly and clumsily. Even if the nonbook readers understood what happened, and I doubt all of them did, it was still a lame scene with almost no setup or dramatic payoff. It just happens. I mean, did anyone actually care that Qhorin died, or feel for Jon in having to kill his mentor? Probably not, because on the show the only setup for the kill is one offhand comment by Qhorin two episodes prior. Qhorin's plan doesn't even make that much sense on teh show. I don't think the wildings would just accept Jon out of nowhere because he kills an already captured Qhorin in a seeming fit of self-defense/anger. In the book, Qhorin knows they'll the wildings will require Jon to kill him; here, seems more like's he's just taking a guess and the wildings stupidly fell for it.
2519	Man in the Black	2012-06-04	Jon clearly didn't have a clue what was happening till Qhorin's last dying words. Then he just looked confused.TV Jon is an idiot.Admittedly so is Book Jon. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2520	Esellesar	2012-06-04	Jon clearly didn't have a clue what was happening till Qhorin's last dying words. Then he just looked confused.TV Jon is an idiot.Or maybe you are not watching close enough? Or Kit is a shit actor? I don't know for sure...but I can tell you that you need to watcha  few episodes that came before this and you will see that Jon knew all along.
2521	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	Perhaps it is because her storyline with Jon has so much influence on Jon for the rest of the series...Perhaps GRRM felt she was more important to the development of Jon Snow than the Halfhand was.GRRM didn't feel that way in book 2, since Ygritte is barely in it, and he didn't write any episode that even featured Jon Snow. Plus, what character development was gained by Jon Snow wandering around with Ygritte like an idiot for two whole episodes? It really only shows what a complete moron he is in the show.
2522	Esellesar	2012-06-04	Does anyone actually believe Mance would have allowed Jon and Qhorin to live if they made it to the camp alive? I  dont think so, and several quotes from past episodes back me up.  I think most of you need to re-watch the episodes.
					
					
							Edited by Esellesar, 04 June 2012 - 06:56 PM.
2523	Esellesar	2012-06-04	GRRM didn't feel that way in book 2, since Ygritte is barely in it, and he didn't write any episode that even featured Jon Snow. Plus, what character development was gained by Jon Snow wandering around with Ygritte like an idiot for two whole episodes? It really only shows what a complete moron he is in the show.Ever heard the saying hindsight is 20/20? Perhaps George knew he made a mistake putting so much emphasis on the whole Qhorin thing (or the producers believed so). After all he is a minor character that is introduced and is killed in less than one season.  Why would a character like that need more screen time? Clearly Ygritte is the more important of the two even if you don't want to admit it.If they would have given Qhorin an intro last season I would agree, but he was in a grand total of what, 3-4 episodes?? I don't think expanding his character would do the tv show any good.
					
					
							Edited by Esellesar, 04 June 2012 - 07:02 PM.
2524	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	Does anyone actually believe Mance would have allowed Jon and Qhorin to live if they made it to the camp alive? I  dont think so, and several quotes from past episodes back me up.  What's your point? Whether Mance would have allowed Jon and Qhorin to live or not has nothing to with how badly the writers bungled this story.
2525	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	Ever heard the saying hindsight is 20/20? Perhaps George knew he made a mistake putting so much emphasis on the whole Qhorin thing. After all he is a minor character that is introduced and is killed in less than one season.  Why would a character like that need more screen time? Clearly Ygritte is the more important of the two even if you don't want to admit it.Perhaps if they would have gave Qhorin an intro last season I would agree, but since he was in a grand total of what, 3-4 episodes I don't think expanding his character would do the tv show any good.Well, they didn't need to make Qhorin an absolute idiot. And once again, what was gained from those Jon Ygritte scenes. All they did was wander around the snow and Jon looked like an idiot. And as I said above, Ygritte will have plenty of screen time next season, so in my opinion these scenes were a waste that could have been better spent keeping the more dramatic version from teh book.I don't care if George knew he made a mistake with Ygritte (I highly doubt he approves of how the writers mangled Jon's story), I thought Jon's whole arc this season was awful. He didn't do anything except mope around and look like a moron with everyone he interacted with.
2526	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	GRRM didn't feel that way in book 2, since Ygritte is barely in it, and he didn't write any episode that even featured Jon Snow. Plus, what character development was gained by Jon Snow wandering around with Ygritte like an idiot for two whole episodes? It really only shows what a complete moron he is in the show.Unlike the genius who wants to send men across a blizzard to  Hardhomme when his fleet has been wiped out and the place is surrounded by Others.Also unlike the guy who can't tell when he has pissed his men off enough to shove knives in him.
2527	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	Try mentioning something from the right book. Jon Snow is nowhere near as big a boob in ACOK as he is in season 2.
2528	KC_Accidental	2012-06-04	You all saying you didn't understand it need to watch the previous two episodes when you are sober and pay attention. I have never read the books and it was clear as day what was taking place.I think the changes from the book to tv were quite necessary as there was a small window of time given to Jon Snow while he was North of the Wall. Hell even his scenes with Ygritte felt short compared to everything else that was going on.  I understand you hate the changes made, but the fact that the result is still the same should allow you to appreciate the subtle differences.I for one bet that if you watched LotR and attempted to tell me there are fewer changes in those movies compared to the books you would be dead wrong. As an avid Tolkien fan there were so many huge changes I cannot even list them all to you.  But the changes were made and after the completiion of the trilogy, it felt like a solid, ableit condensed version of LotR.  Maybe give this show a chance to at least display the first episodes of Season 3 before you judge this episode so harshly.You're playing a dangerous game posting in here without having read the books. There are spoilers everywhere. For your own good, avoid this forum completely. Certainly avoid any topic titled "spoilers".Most people here accept changes are needing and actually welcome them if they improve the story. They don't always improve it though and as avid fans of the books we are well entitled to our criticism. If fans like us didn't exist then this show would not exist. That's no reason to feel entitled but if people want to have a moan about something they love being changed a lot then so be it. You claim not to have read the books? Then you have a very little frame of reference here. I'm always eager to know what non-readers think of the show but without having both read and seen the show you can't really make claims that specific changes were necessary. How do you know that? The time frame given to Jon's scenes was small? Give him extra screen time then instead of giving it to Ros. Jon is arguably one of the main  and certainly most interesting characters, so he shouldn't be shunted to the back so to speak.Regarding the scene itself I think it required more than the Halfhand muttering about Jon turning the cloak and never actually ordering him to kill him. What if he just meant to have a wee scrap? Fair enough he was going at Jon with a sword but the fact remains that Jon's stupidity (and arguably Qhorins too) got the other Rangers killed. In the book that doesn't happen. We had season 1 of Jon being a bumbling idiot that needed to grow up. Now we get it again but worse. He's turning into Jesse Fucking Pinkman.I'm a huge Tolkien fan myself and most of the changes made to LoTR were for the best. My biggest complaint there was the screen time given to pishy romance stories like Aragorn and Eowyn when it could have been put to better use elsewhere. Quite the same with Robb and Talissa really.
2529	Esellesar	2012-06-04	What's your point? Whether Mance would have allowed Jon and Qhorin to live or not has nothing to with how badly the writers bungled this story.My point is that Qhorin knew they were doomed unless they tried to convince the wildlings Jon was a traitor. Only one had a chance of survival and that was Jon.  Plus Qhorin was in for a lot of torture at the hands of Mance and those he fought against. A very slow painful death.  To die a quick death at the hands of Jon Snow and to possibly gain a mole in the wildling ranks displays Qhorins strategy and utter brilliance. The fact that they both know they are deadmen has a lot to do with the decisions and "deal" that gets made between Jon & Qhorin.  I don't know why you are arguing that the writers bungled the story because you couldn't follow it. Take a look in the mirror first before casting blame outward.
2530	KC_Accidental	2012-06-04	I think the Jon and Ygritte scenes served the purpose of providing more insight (and a reminder) into the Wildlings before they have a bigger part to play next season. I think that was well done. However it doesn't change the fact that it was completely stupid and weird that Qhorin is like "okcheersbye" as soon as Jon says he'll kill her. There is no sense in that. They are beyond the Wall in enemy territory, they would not leave a rookie who has never been beyond the wall alone with a Wildling. It is retarded. 
It also doesn't change the fact that Qhorin only slightly hinted that Jon had to turn cloak. He certainly didn't order him to kill him. In the books when the shit hits the fan with Jon's turn cloakery, at least Jon can say that he was ordered to do it by the best ranger in the Nightswatch, a commander and legend. He actually ordered him to do it.
2531	Esellesar	2012-06-04	Freerider, you mentioned something from LotR as trivial Aragorn and Eowyn. I am thinking much larger, such as leaving the Scourging of the Shire out of the movies or the changes to Helms Deep for that matter.  Just because you believe the changes were for the better does not mean they were.  Get off your high horse my friend, you don't get to decide what changes were for the best, and that goes for me as well.
I am not worried about spoilers, I have read these forums for the last year and am well versed in nearly all that takes place.  So yes, i do have some point of reference even though I have yet to read the books.
					
					
							Edited by Esellesar, 04 June 2012 - 07:25 PM.
2532	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	My point is that Qhorin knew they were doomed unless they tried to convince the wildlings Jon was a traitor. Only one had a chance of survival and that was Jon.  Plus Qhorin was in for a lot of torture at the hands of Mance and those he fought against. A very slow painful death.  To die a quick death at the hands of Jon Snow and to possibly gain a mole in the wildling ranks displays Qhorins strategy and utter brilliance. The fact that they both know they are deadmen has a lot to do with the decisions and "deal" that gets made between Jon & Qhorin.  I don't know why you are arguing that the writers bungled the story because you couldn't follow it. Take a look in the mirror first before casting blame outward.I can follow the story just fine. I know why Jon killed Qhorin, and your whole post is stuff everybody here already knows, and unlike you, we've read the books and don't pretend to be an expert. That doesn't change the fact they completely bungled the way in which it was done. I don't care if the resullt is the same; the way in which it happened was retarded. Don't know why I'm bothering with you, you'll just come up with more crap about how anyone that doesn't like the show doesn't understand it.
2533	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	"We are the watchers on the wall"...thats all I needed sent chills down my spine.
2534	Esellesar	2012-06-04	I can follow the story just fine. I know why Jon killed Qhorin, and your whole post is stuff everybody here already knows, and unlike you, we've read the books and don't pretend to be an expert. That doesn't change the fact they completely bungled the way in which it was done. I don't care if the resullt is the same; the way in which it happened was retarded. Don't know why I'm bothering with you, you'll just come up with more crap about how anyone that doesn't like the show doesn't understand it.I said in an earlier post that I understand your reasons for hating changes from the book because I have been there, I even gave an example (LotR). Reading comprehension doesn't seem to be your strong point. I am not pretending to be an expert but I am merely stating that I have a deeper understanding of these books than your average non-book reader. That is all.
2535	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	I said in an earlier post that I understand your reasons for hating changes from the book because I have been there, I even gave an example (LotR). Reading comprehension doesn't seem to be your strong point. I am not pretending to be an expert but I am merely stating that I have a deeper understanding of these books than your average non-book reader. That is all.That wasn't my post you were responding to so I didn't read it. And no, that's not all you're doing. You're making idiotic statements that anyone who didn't like the changes in the Qhorin Jon storyline "don't understand it" or "couldn't follow it".  Just because Jon kills Qhorin like in the book, that doesn't mean the writers didn't drop the ball. I think they did, in a big way, as the scene lacked any dramatic setup and didn't even make a whole of sense.
2536	Esellesar	2012-06-04	I agree that it didn't have a dramatic build up, but I was all worked up because half the posters on the first page said they didn't follow it. If you thought I was referring to you earlier, that is my mistake for not being a little more clear.  My statements are not idiotic, they are the truth.  Would you like me to quote all those on the first page who "didnt follow" Jon and Qhorins storyline.
I thought you were one of those people, but it seems you just dislike the entire Jon Snow storyline in the show. Maybe just fast forward through it? hah
2537	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Try mentioning something from the right book. Jon Snow is nowhere near as big a boob in ACOK as he is in season 2.There are very few chapters with John Snow in them in ACoK... In none of these chapters would I equate him to Sherlock Holmes. As a matter of fact, the more chapters that are dedicated to him, the dumber he looks in general. It is kind of like more time spent with him on the TV show this year made him look dumber than the books.
2538	KC_Accidental	2012-06-04	So you criticise people here for complaining about changes when you had your own hang ups about changes in LoTR? Despite saying nobody can decide what changes were for the best? There's no high horse here, just opinions. And we are all entitled to them. You are contradicting yourself though by insinuating the same but at the same time faulting us for having hang ups about this.
You have not read the books but presumably just skimmed over spoilers, key events and peoples opinions. I'm sorry but I can't take that seriously. You say people are too stupid to understand a scene that they actually understand more than you do. We have read the books and know Jon Snow's character more than you do, because we've read countless chapters from his point of view. You have not. That cannot be dismissed as being on a high horse because unlike opinions about changes, that is fact. Not in the slightest saying you can't comment on these things, just that you lack some credibility when being so adamant on whether the changes were for the better when you have only read a summary of events and not the whole thing.
You're an avid Tolkien fan? Would you be fine with being lectured to by someone who only heard about the Scouring of the Shire? For the record as much as I enjoyed that chapter I can completely understand why it was removed. Same with Tom Bombadil. I have no hang ups about changes like that because it made sense. Constant extra time spent on Eowyns fascination with Aragorn was not important to the overall story however. It is a side story and I think too much time was spent on it to appeal to romantics. Other than that (a very minor quibble) I think Jackson, Fran and Phillipa did an absolutely sterling job in adapting the book. They had great love for it and spent a LOT of time making sure they got it right while both appealing to mass audiences and respecting the original source and fans. D&D did the same in season 1 of GoT but I think they have not done such a great job for season 2. There will always be complainers but from speaking to my many friends who are big fans of the book (and show) and from what I see on comments and forums; the general consensus is the same as mine.
That aside, I find a lot of points by people defending this whole thing to be invalid. Just because the outcome is the same doesn't mean everything that happens before it is fault free. Not everyone is asking for another 10 minutes of Qhorin scenes. I'm personally just left wanting 1 minute of him quietly talking to Jon. And not everyone is complaining about the dumbing down of a minor character.The problem for a lot of people is that there has been changes to Jon's character. Mixed in with the dilution of many other major characters, it's not something to let slide so easily.
2539	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	The Jon/HH dynamic and story arc failed.  It just f@cking sucked.  Seriously.  Whoever decided that Jon was going to be lost from his brothers, ruined it.  There was no going back or fixing the relationship they had.  There was no damn emotion, meaning or sacrifice.  It was absolutely stupid.  
When Stonesnake stays behind so that Jon and HH can go on, I teared up.  There is bravery, love and commitment to those they've vowed to protect in the book, it is felt.  HH sacrifices himself.  It is SAD.  It is BRAVE.  It is HARD.  None of that was felt with what they did on the show.  None of it.  HH just looked like some crazed and jealous Ranger, too weak to fight a young and gifted swordsman.  Wrong.  The HH could cut Jon to bits without Ghost being there.  
GAH!!!
2540	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	There are very few chapters with John Snow in them in ACoK... In none of these chapters would I equate him to Sherlock Holmes. As a matter of fact, the more chapters that are dedicated to him, the dumber he looks in general. It is kind of like more time spent with him on the TV show this year made him look dumber than the books.He has a decent amount of chapters, probably around seven or eight. No, he's not the sharpest guy, but I felt like the TV show was going out of it's way to portray him as a total nincompoop. Getting knocked out by Craster, which I felt was a cheap cliffhanger more suited to True Blood, seemingly letting Ygritte go by missing the swing but then deciding to chase after her, and then getting caught by wildings. Truthfully, Jon Snow's arc in ACOK was one of my least favorite in that book, but it didn't annoy me nearly as much as the TV version, and it did have a strong ending, which Jon's storyline in season 2 did not. Frankly, I think part of the problem is Kit Harrington. He's just not very good, and can really only do morose expressions.
2541	Jojosh	2012-06-04	"We are the watchers on the wall"...thats all I needed sent chills down my spine.Me too if you needed a quick scene to send a message to jon that was perfect
2542	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	Ever heard the saying hindsight is 20/20? Perhaps George knew he made a mistake putting so much emphasis on the whole Qhorin thing (or the producers believed so). After all he is a minor character that is introduced and is killed in less than one season.  Why would a character like that need more screen time? Clearly Ygritte is the more important of the two even if you don't want to admit it.If they would have given Qhorin an intro last season I would agree, but he was in a grand total of what, 3-4 episodes?? I don't think expanding his character would do the tv show any good.There is no "Hindsight is 20/20," because none of GRRM's sight, whether hind or present, was part of this.  This was the "sight" of the writers.  The HH is not a minor character in the book.  He is more important to Jon than Ygritte at this point in the series.  He learns lessons from both. Unfortunately, he learns NOTHING the way he written in the show.  Expanding his character and showing what happens with Stonesnake and his sacrifice, would had added depth and feeling to this season.  It greatly lacked both.  The only time I was choked up this season is during GRRM's episode.  That's. It.  Cersei on the Iron Throne with Tommen?  I KNEW Tommen was safe...but he gave her good shit to work with.  I was hoping to have that North of the Wall.  The emotion of the Night's Watch leaving the Wall in the season 1 finale set a tone that this season did not carry.
2543	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	Freerider, you mentioned something from LotR as trivial Aragorn and Eowyn. I am thinking much larger, such as leaving the Scourging of the Shire out of the movies or the changes to Helms Deep for that matter.  Just because you believe the changes were for the better does not mean they were.  Get off your high horse my friend, you don't get to decide what changes were for the best, and that goes for me as well.I am not worried about spoilers, I have read these forums for the last year and am well versed in nearly all that takes place.  So yes, i do have some point of reference even though I have yet to read the books.You can't say the changes are for the best, if you have not read the books.  The changes are not for the best.  These changes lack the bravery, character, love and devotion to not only their Brothers, but a Realm that has all but forgotten them, and sees them as nothing but rapists, thieves and Bastards.  The show does a complete disservice to what is happening beyond the wall.  Yes, the HH and Stonesnake die.  It is the way that they die that tells the story of who the Night's Watch is and who Jon sees he needs to be.  It isn't just about not having sex with Ygritte.  That's what we get from the show.  The HH goes crazy, Jon sees his vow as simply staying celibate, and Grenn is a huge flipping scaredy cat who leaves Sam to the Others.  Not the case.
2544	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	HH had seven words to say to Jon in the show that sum up their entire realtionship. They weren't best friends, HH wasn't his mentor, HH had one final message to get across to Jon the most import. They are brothers of the nights watch. They will do whatever it takes to protect the realm. I loved it.
2545	KC_Accidental	2012-06-04	The emotion of the Night's Watch leaving the Wall in the season 1 finale set a tone that this season did not carry.I couldn't agree with this more. The season 1 finale had me so pumped and excited it was unreal. I don't think any other show has had that same effect on me but I have to admit to being slightly disappointed with nearly all of the north of the wall scenes. Despite all the tension built up previously it felt like beyond the wall was a walk in the park. Too sunny I think.
2546	Wolfmage	2012-06-04	Don't really see what the fuss is about. My non-reader wife knew exactly what was going on without me explaining anything.
My wife volunteered that she thought Qhorin was going to get Jon to kill him just from the sign-posting in previous episodes, and this week you got reminded of this in the pre-titles recap and then again by Qhorin himself.
Qhorin knew he faced a certainly death-sentence and likely torture. So he arranged it so at least his death would gain Jon the trust and stature to be accepted in the Windling camp. The Windlings were impressed because Qhorin is a figure of towering renown to them, and the fact that Jon managed to kill him was a feat of martial prowess they could respect.
Qhorin's taunts against Jon didn't cloud the issue. It was obvious that he was only doing that as part of the show and to help Jon fortify his will to fight and not hold back. There was no confusion about what was going on, and certainly not with his last words.
					
					
							Edited by Wolfmage, 04 June 2012 - 08:55 PM.
2547	Mulled Wino	2012-06-04	The entire Jon Snow storyline was a complete whiff this season by the producers.  It sucked.  It was developed from the wrong perspective, no one knew wtf the were doing and it was a joke.
It was the worst translation fom the books by far of any character with any importance.
2548	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	Don't really see what the fuss is about. My non-reader wife knew exactly what was going on without me explaining anything.My wife volunteered that she thought Qhorin was going to get Jon to kill him just from the sign-posting in previous episodes, and this week you got reminded of this in the pre-titles recap and then again by Qhorin himself.Qhorin knew he faced a certainly death-sentence and likely torture. So he arranged it so at least his death would gain Jon the trust and stature to be accepted in the Windling camp. The Windlings were impressed because Qhorin is a figure of towering renown to them, and the fact that Jon managed to kill him was a feat of martial prowess they could respect.Qhorin's taunts against Jon didn't cloud the issue. It was obvious that he was only doing that as part of the show and to help Jon fortify his will to fight and not hold back. There was no confusion about what was going on, and certainly not with his last words.You can't understand the 'fuss' because you are confused as to what the fuss is about.Qhorin's motivations are not the issue, Jon's are. It was, in the opinion of many posters on this thread, entirely ambiguous when Jon cottoned onto to the nature of Qhorin's plan. If he realized what Qhorin was doing only after he had run him through he is a murderer.Some thought Jon and Qhorin were on the same page after episode eight, some thought Jon realized what was afoot only during the fight, others felt Jon only really understood what was going on after he had put his sword in Qhorin.Point is this level of ambiguity regarding Jon's main decision in season 2 totally sucks.Read the thread next time.
2549	congokong	2012-06-04	When Jon returns to the night's watch and they ask him about Quorin, what will he say? "He mocked me. He called me names. He pushed me down a hill. He made me angry. You mustn't make me angry" ???
2550	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	You can't understand the 'fuss' because you are confused as to what the fuss is about.Qhorin's motivations are not the issue, Jon's are.It was, in the opinion of many posters on this thread, entirely ambiguous when Jon cottoned onto to the nature of Qhorin's plan. If he realized what Qhorin was doing only after he had run him through he is a murderer.Some thought Jon and Qhorin were on the same page after episode eight, some thought Jon realized what was afoot only during the fight, others felt Jon only really understood what was going on after he had put his sword in Qhorin.Point is this level of ambiguity regarding Jon's main decision in season 2 totally sucks.Read the thread next time.I thought they made it ambigious on purpose. So next season Jon will spill the beans to Ygritte break down cry that he killed his friend to join them even though the HH wanted him to...and then sex. Perfect way to lead to them having sex instead of Jon just being like oops I broke my vow and banged you.
2551	Nine of Spades	2012-06-04	Unlike the genius who wants to send men across a blizzard to  Hardhomme when his fleet has been wiped out and the place is surrounded by Others.Also unlike the guy who can't tell when he has pissed his men off enough to shove knives in him.1. The wildlings compose the bulk of the force, and they had no problems with the plan. We think it a terrible idea largely because Mel thinks its a terrible idea, but we have more reason to trust Mel and her visions then Jon does.2. I dont think the assassination was terribly obvious or something that could be expected. Its really unclear how Marsh and co thought assassinating Jon in the middle of a bunch of armed wildlings would go well. Its not like Jon didnt have loyalists in the watch either, Marsh and his people are likely dead, however events end up transpiring. Seeing an assassination that is that suicidal coming from Bowen Marsh I think is pretty difficult.This is in contrast to him:1. Gettting Tormund's people south of the wall.2. Getting rid of Slynt.3. Keeping Stannis off his back and off the wildlings backs4. Securing funds nescessary5, Securing ships to try and save the people at HardhomeSo I think his record in ADWD is at worst mixed. Compared to the relentless boobery of Jon Show season its positively stellar.
					
					
							Edited by Nine of Spades, 04 June 2012 - 09:22 PM.
2552	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	and that problem is especially egregious because the circumstances of his killing QH play a HUGE role when he returns to the NW.  I guess I can see it being played that Jon was acting  under orders, but I think it was important enough that it SHOULD have been expressly stated and not left to interpretation.
2553	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	I thought they made it ambigious on purpose. So next season Jon will spill the beans to Ygritte break down cry that he killed his friend to join them even though the HH wanted him to...and then sex. Perfect way to lead to them having sex instead of Jon just being like oops I broke my vow and banged you.Um...If this does happen Ygritte is more likely to stick something in Jon than let him stick something in her.Just saying.
2554	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Saving the wildings is a very good idea, whether at the gate or at Hardhome.  Saving them before they are turned into wights makes for far fewer enemies.  30,000 unkillable zombies would be a BIG problem for the NW
2555	Wolfmage	2012-06-04	You can't understand the 'fuss' because you are confused as to what the fuss is about.I addressed a variety of observations made in this thread, thanks.Qhorin's motivations are not the issue, Jon's are.Other people have raised the question of Qhorin's motivations. As I was adding my own thoughts and general reactions to a variety of posts, without quoting anyone specifically, I don't feel I'm required to address the capital I â<U+0080><U+009C>Issueâ<U+0080><U+009D> as defined by you.It was, in the opinion of many posters on this thread, entirely ambiguous when Jon cottoned onto to the nature of Qhorin's plan. If he realized what Qhorin was doing only after he had run him through he is a murderer.Well, from what I read, posters have raised this ambiguity in the context of Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s facial expression and Qhorinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s taunts. I have addressed the taunts above, which make perfect sense to me, though I can see how some might feel the facial expression thing muddies the water for them.Some thought Jon and Qhorin were on the same page after episode eight, some thought Jon realized what was afoot only during the fight, others felt Jon only really understood what was going on after he had put his sword in Qhorin.Personally I think Qhorin's prior push-fight sign-posted things very clearly when combined with the dialogue over multiple episodes. The dialogue was directed straight at Jon, so I don't particularly think we need to pinpoint Jon's absolute understanding of what's happening. It is enough to say his understanding is emergent without any defined point of crystallisation prior to the moment happening, presumably because he would be in denial about the need to actually kill a mentor and hero -- even though he couldn't help but be aware this was always Qhorin's intention.Of course, you are free to posit that Jon is absolutely oblivious to all this and that he doesn't have a clue what is going on around him.Read the thread next time.Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be an ass. I read the thread, thanks. I don't personally agree that the ambiguities are really so substantive to hurt understanding or enjoyment, let alone being fatal to the credibility of the series, though I'm certainly happy to discuss them without belittling people. My experience is that non-readers can mostly understand what is going on without the kind of confusion that should follow from such allegedly fatal ambiguities.
					
					
							Edited by Wolfmage, 04 June 2012 - 09:45 PM.
2556	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Um...If this does happen Ygritte is more likely to stick something in Jon than let him stick something in her.Just saying.Doubt it. Ygritte is a free woman. And theres one thing on her mind Jons Snowcone. And she would be irritated with him but not kill him.
2557	Nine of Spades	2012-06-04	Doubt it. Ygritte is a free woman. And theres one thing on her mind Jons Snowcone. And she would be irritated with him but not kill him.Whaaaa?"Im no crow wife!" Ygritte?Ygritte cut Jon a lot of slack for his kneeler ways, but no way does she take him to bed if she knows hes a crow
2558	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Whaaaa?"Im no crow wife!" Ygritte?Ygritte cut Jon a lot of slack for his kneeler ways, but no way does she take him to bed if she knows hes a crowExactly so I think Jon will spill the beans about HH wanting him to kill him to Ygritte about how he is still a crow break down she will say something along the lines of "You don't have to be a crow anymore." *sex scene* and then from there on out she will think he is a wilding. But that way Jon is able to confide in someone tell the truth of why he killed HH but at the same time be half a lie because he convinces her hes not a member of the watch by finally having sex with her. I mean the seventh episode they talked about sex the whole time the one thing that would make her trust him is sex because she knows its against his vows. Jon Snow more like littlefinger in the north next season.
2559	xythil	2012-06-04	I think the Jon and Ygritte scenes served the purpose of providing more insight (and a reminder) into the Wildlings before they have a bigger part to play next season. I think that was well done. However it doesn't change the fact that it was completely stupid and weird that Qhorin is like "okcheersbye" as soon as Jon says he'll kill her. There is no sense in that. They are beyond the Wall in enemy territory, they would not leave a rookie who has never been beyond the wall alone with a Wildling. It is retarded.It also doesn't change the fact that Qhorin only slightly hinted that Jon had to turn cloak. He certainly didn't order him to kill him. In the books when the shit hits the fan with Jon's turn cloakery, at least Jon can say that he was ordered to do it by the best ranger in the Nightswatch, a commander and legend. He actually ordered him to do it.Why couldn't we get to know the wildlings... NEXT SEASON?Why did we have to forgo AWESOME Nights Watch valor/glory scenes in favor of ygritte leg humping and jon wandering around like a fool?
2560	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Saving the wildings is a very good idea, whether at the gate or at Hardhome.  Saving them before they are turned into wights makes for far fewer enemies.  30,000 unkillable zombies would be a BIG problem for the NWSaving the wildlings before they turn into weights is a brilliant idea... Sending the fleet was a great move. After receiving a raven saying that most of the fleet has been lost, and there are Others in the water and on the land, and then deciding to lead a bunch of people to form a rescue party was as dumb a move as anyone has made in the entire series. The message was days old, those people were almost assuredly dead. To make matters worse, he was going to send men through a blizzard without the supplies to actually help the starving people he was supposedly going to rescue.
2561	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-04	I love how everyone here thinks they can write for HBO.
2562	xythil	2012-06-04	I love how everyone here thinks they can write for HBO.Thats just it...we don't have to write for HBO... George already wrote it... they just keep f*cking it up.
2563	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	I love how everyone here thinks they can write for HBO.Fuck the city, Fuck the kingsguard, Fuck the king. <----- my idea.
2564	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-06-04	Jon's story was handled pretty bad I admit.
To my everlasting surprise my 68 year old borderline senile father immediately figured out that Quorin let himself be killed in order to give Jon a chance to survive and infiltrate the wildlings.  I most be undermining my father and the writers because in my mind I didn't think most people would have caught on to this given how poor the setup was in contrast to the book.
2565	Morrigan	2012-06-05	Thats just it...we don't have to write for HBO... George already wrote it... they just keep f*cking it up.This. All they needed to do was film things pretty much as they were written, for these scenes there were no budget restrictions, it was just dialogue between Qhorin and Jon, but it was crucial dialogue. You needed Qhorin ordering Jon to "do whatever they ask" and "not balk" despite Jon's outrage at the notion of oathbreaking and that he'd rather die instead of breaking his oath but being reluctantly convinced, and you needed Jon to say "I yield" to the wildlings and THEN Qhorin call him names, and THEN have Rattleshirt order Jon to kill Qhorin and him complying. It wasn't that hard to do, people, and it would have established a good relationship between the two previously, and it would have shown that Jon actually asked to join the wildlings before getting called a traitor and having to prove himself.I have to say, the way they handled the Jon/Qhorin story is probably the thing that pissed me off the most so far. Other than the worthless garbage that is Robb/Talissa, that is.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 05 June 2012 - 12:09 AM.
2566	xythil	2012-06-05	This. All they needed to do was film things pretty much as they were written, for these scenes there were no budget restrictions, it was just dialogue between Qhorin and Jon, but it was crucial dialogue. You needed Qhorin ordering Jon to "do whatever they ask" and "not balk", and you needed Jon to say "I yield" to the wildlings and THEN Qhorin call him names, and THEN have Rattleshirt order Jon to kill Qhorin and him complying. It wasn't that hard to do, people, and it would have established a good relationship between the two previously, and it would have shown that Jon actually asked to join the wildlings before getting called a traitor and having to prove himself.I have to say, the way they handled the Jon/Qhorin story is probably the thing that pissed me off the most so far. Other than the worthless garbage that is Robb/Talissa, that is.This
2567	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	Does anyone believe that Jon Show is the type of character to stand up to Stannis and Melisandre, beat the Thenns and defend the wall against Mance?No, of course not.  As already mentioned, he's a Marty Stu.  For a bastard boy that's not worth too much other than being related to Ned and Benjen, he manages to get a cool dog, befriend people despite being a brooding ungrateful brat, get a cool sword, slay an Other, become Steward to the Lord only to become Lord Commander himself, infiltrate the Wildling army without being killed, trusted to play both sides, etc.  His only real antagonist on the Wall is a well-connected guy he magically bests in an election he wasn't even trying to win, who he conveniently beheads later.  It's actually a very absurd story arch.  Just about everyone else in ASOIAF is easier to swallow.
2568	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	This. All they needed to do was film things pretty much as they were written, for these scenes there were no budget restrictions, it was just dialogue between Qhorin and Jon, but it was crucial dialogue. You needed Qhorin ordering Jon to "do whatever they ask" and "not balk" despite Jon's outrage at the notion of oathbreaking and that he'd rather die instead of breaking his oath but being reluctantly convinced, and you needed Jon to say "I yield" to the wildlings and THEN Qhorin call him names, and THEN have Rattleshirt order Jon to kill Qhorin and him complying. It wasn't that hard to do, people, and it would have established a good relationship between the two previously, and it would have shown that Jon actually asked to join the wildlings before getting called a traitor and having to prove himself.I have to say, the way they handled the Jon/Qhorin story is probably the thing that pissed me off the most so far. Other than the worthless garbage that is Robb/Talissa, that is.True.  Changing written text is fine, but you then throw the gauntlet down that you have something better up your sleeve.  This plot shows a fairly bumbling Qhorin, which was unfortunate.  They could have made things more clear that Jon knew his orders rather than killing an unarmed man out of anger.  And the Halfhand tripping due to Ghost made it reasonable for Jon to slit his throat.  This Qhorin had no reason to be bested and it appears forced.
2569	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	I love how everyone here thinks they can write for HBO.That is a little insulting... I have the ability to formulate an opinion on what I think is good writing or not and to then express my ideas about it. Everyone here does.  If you find something that you disagree with, then by all means find your points and discuss them.
2570	victim	2012-06-05	I just want to put down my cards and say that I don't think Qhorin was done wrong by in the show. Sure, he was much cooler in the books and the show could have put him in some more scenes and made him far more formidable, but the essence of the character remained in that he was a man willing to die for the Wall. The infamous ranger had laid a plan down which was always going to end with his own death, whether Jon realised this before or after the fact has no major impact on his character arc, seeing as Qhorin essentially jumped on Jon's sword anyway.
Jon certainly knew there was some sort of plan to make the Wildlings trust him, he just didn't know what this plan was. After Jon eventually disarms Qhorin, there is brief moment of respite before he drives his sword through him. This clearly shows that Jon did not kill him because he was angry, but rather because finally realised that he must "do what needed to be done."
Despite what you think about why Jon killed Qhorin -- I think both arguments carry some weight, I really do -- I don't think it's necessarily important either way. What's truly important to Jon's character is what he realises after the deed is done, not what he realises beforehand. He just watched a man he respected die for the Wall. Qhorin laid his life down for the Watch, which is something that will stick with Jon throughout the series, despite the different path it took to get there.
2571	Ghost Rider	2012-06-05	True.  Changing written text is fine, but you then throw the gauntlet down that you have something better up your sleeve.  This plot shows a fairly bumbling Qhorin, which was unfortunate.  They could have made things more clear that Jon knew his orders rather than killing an unarmed man out of anger.  And the Halfhand tripping due to Ghost made it reasonable for Jon to slit his throat.  This Qhorin had no reason to be bested and it appears forced.That's not Morrigan "writing" the shooting script, that's exactly what's in the book. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Establishing a relationship between Jon and Quorin was crucial to any dramatic impact of the fighting scene. The build up to that scene, the sense of urgency created via the intense chase NW - wildlings, the desperation at the end - all lost. Instead we got Ygritte scenes we could just as well have seen next season where they would hat fitted in much better, imho.They also robbed Jon of all his choices: letting Ygritte go was his choice and showed us a lot of his character, losing her because of incompetence otoh, oh well.... Appealing to the Wildlings was his choice as well, one that was absolutely necessary for the Wildlings to buy his story. In the show the Wildlings are the ones that come off completely as morons. I mean they let their prisoners whisper to one another and then they are not the least bit suspicious when Quorin Halfhand goads Jon into killing him? Almost as dumb as Jon, Quorin not being able to follow someones traces in the snow in fact.To the people who think Jon is not very smart in the books either: I think you are very wrong. Book!Jon is very observant and able to think outside the box. It was not for nothing that Mormont saw him as a potential successor. I especially liked the scene with the Maester's chain in AGoT that very early on highlighted his intelligence. Jon Show otoh... I really didn't wonder that Quorin Halfhand didn't request Jon for the ranging, who would honestly? These are not minor changes, Jon is after all one of the main protagonists of the story (not arguably!)Well, as you can see I am rather disappointed and yes, sad, how the show handled Jon's story. I had been really looking forward to the drama of his CoK scenes.
2572	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Everything is said already. A Final Order would have really salvaged things a bit.
2573	Roboginger	2012-06-05	Wow... some of you guys really miss a lot of what goes on in the show....care to elaborate? I remember a conversation or 2 john and half hand had that eludes to Jon spying, but i'm afraid no book readers might not pickup on it
2574	Versiroth	2012-06-05	care to elaborate? I remember a conversation or 2 john and half hand had that eludes to Jon spying, but i'm afraid no book readers might not pickup on itQhorin - One Brother inside Mances camp is worth 100 outside.Jon - They'll never trust me.Qhorin - They will... if you do what must be done.*pushes john down and screams*Qhorin - Traitor!  You planned to give us up to the Wildlings!*Ygritte looks at Jon with wide curious eyes and Jon thinks... I understand*Later...Qhorin - Die you traitor!  *They fight...Jon realizing what Qhorin had meant he disarms and kills him*Qhorin to Jon - We are the watchers that guard the night.....Audience - Ahh!  That's what he ment when he told Jon he had to do what must be done!OrAudience - Yep, exactly what I figured was happening.
2575	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-05	That is a little insulting... I have the ability to formulate an opinion on what I think is good writing or not and to then express my ideas about it. Everyone here does.  If you find something that you disagree with, then by all means find your points and discuss them.I am not responding to any one person here, just all the general fan rage... it is no fun and makes me tired.  No need to feel insulted.  I don't have the time or energy to outline all the things I disagree with, like a debate club.There's no 'right' or 'wrong' when discussing these things, but I'm just not feeling all the fan rage going on here.  It was not that difficult to surmise that Jon and Quorin were putting on a show for the wildlings, especially given their conversation two episodes ago.  If it wasn't so obvious, fine - it's ok to have a little confusion and a little ambiguity.I expect Jon and Ygrette will have a little heart to heart chat in the next season and he will unpack some of that for us, to clarify this point to anyone who didn't get it.Everyone is so worried that people who didn't read the books are going to be confused, miss things, or whatever - which is also condescending.  Poor confused non-readers who won't understand!  Let them be confused!  They can go read the books.. or they can have their own theories... or they might be following the show just as well as anyone, because they aren't worrying so much about these discrepancies.I post in an unrelated, music-oriented forum, which has an active GoT thread.  readers and non-readers alike are following the show and aside from a few minor quibbles, everyone has been pretty much thrilled with this season.  It is quality writing and production and it's getting good ratings.  My a number of measurable standards, we are getting a killer 10 episodes of premium television.I just think too many hardcore GRRM fans are taking some of this stuff waaaay too seriously, and need to just relax a little and enjoy the ride.  One guy's opinion, but I'm not alone.  George is a veteran TV writer.  If he was not pleased with how the story is being handled, he would not be putting his name on any of it.I feel I'm always coming to the show's defense, and it's not always the case.  there are few minor things i was disappointed in.  Most recently.. not enough burnination at the HOU.  I wanted to see dany walking away calmly as the whole building was collapsing in flames behind her.  Robb and Talisa... good not great.  But I've been no less than pleased with just about all of Jon Snow's stuff.  He is whiny and angsty, occasionally gutsy, fiercely committed to his vows but conflicted about all the things he's supposed to be conflicted about.  Even though every reader doesn't get to see their favorite scene or line of dialogue, they are conveying all of this wonderfully,
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 05 June 2012 - 08:34 AM.
2576	KC_Accidental	2012-06-05	Why couldn't we get to know the wildlings... NEXT SEASON?Why did we have to forgo AWESOME Nights Watch valor/glory scenes in favor of ygritte leg humping and jon wandering around like a fool?I think since we haven't really heard much about the Wildlings in depth and certainly not much since season 1, that it was a good idea to get some more insight into them before Jon was marched into their camp at the start of season 3. I think that would have left some viewers wondering exactly what the deal was with these people. It's good to set things up a little beforehand. I don't think it should have replaced the Halfhand and rangers scenes though. Saying that if those scenes were to be included in their entirety they would take up a large chunk of an episode, as opposed to 5-10 minutes of Ygritte educating the viewer on the differences between the NIghtswatch and Wildlings. So yeah, just saying there was a purpose for those scenes. I found it stupid on Jon and Qhorin's part but I have to say I loved Ygritte so much so I can't complain too much! Her accent is amazing.I just think too many hardcore GRRM fans are taking some of this stuff waaaay too seriously, and need to just relax a little and enjoy the ride.  One guy's opinion, but I'm not alone.  George is a veteran TV writer.  If he was not pleased with how the story is being handled, he would not be putting his name on any of it.I think you don't understand what a contract is. If GRRM is not happy he can't just pull the plug on it. This point has been made before, he has sold the rights to it and is on board as a consultant and to write 1 episode, out of respect to him. I also made the point before that fans are very much entitled to their criticism. Book readers have technically made this happen. If fans didn't buy the books and made it popular then HBO wouldn't be adapting it and certainly not without a huge budget. No popularity, no go I'm afraid.It's the same with people saying that GRRM has every right to take his time writing these books. Of course he does but his fans have made him a shit ton of money and given his story a brilliant TV adaptation. We shouldn't be left hung out to dry as he reaches old age, endangering the completion of the series. I say take time with it George but don't make us wait another 6 years for Winds of Winter! And certainly not another 6 on top of that for the finale!
2577	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-05	I think you don't understand what a contract is. If GRRM is not happy he can't just pull the plug on it. This point has been made before, he has sold the rights to it and is on board as a consultant and to write 1 episode, out of respect to him. I also made the point before that fans are very much entitled to their criticism. Book readers have technically made this happen. If fans didn't buy the books and made it popular then HBO wouldn't be adapting it and certainly not without a huge budget. No popularity, no go I'm afraid.So do you think George is secretly cursing the TV screen when he sees these things while maintaining a public front of being jolly and supportive in his interviews?  I'm genuinely curious as to what he thinks of the Qarth stuff especially.  He seems to have a great sense of humor about it, which I find refreshing.Everyone is as entitled to be upset, as much as others are entitled to be annoyed.  That is what keeps these discussions going.  this is not my first rodeo.  I've seen this story before a dozen times with various adaptations over the years.
2578	KC_Accidental	2012-06-05	Well I don't think it would be good for him to publicly slate the show if he does have grievances. I'm not saying he doesn't though, just that if he does then he can't really do anything about it. If he came out slating it then it would look unprofessional on his part and probably make him look like a bit of a douche, no matter how entitled he was to do so. Look at Alan Moore for example.
And of course he could be totally fine with it. As you say he seems quite a jolly man and he's probably very happy that it's in good hands. Despite grievances about certain things I do still believe the show is in good hands. Mainly because it could be so so much worse and be spearheaded by people who aren't fans of the books.
2579	MaximumPatlickicus	2012-06-05	Qhorin - One Brother inside Mances camp is worth 100 outside.Jon - They'll never trust me.Qhorin - They will... if you do what must be done.*pushes john down and screams*Qhorin - Traitor!  You planned to give us up to the Wildlings!Yea, right then I thought, "okay even though this isn't a perfect 1:1 adaptation, at least the setup is complete"I really don't understand where some people are seeing ambiguity. The actors facial expressions? So you don't like Kit's acting then, but you can't fault the writing for that. It wasn't perfect, but there is simply no evidence for this "jon snow stupidly murdered halfhand in anger because there was no plan" idea.Still, I would rather to have seen the repeated "is your sword sharp?" question, with Qhorin's last word a simple "...sharp" than whatever it was he said in the show.....also the spearwife offering Jon her breast would have been nice /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />edit: oh yea, without ghost's help, it doesn't make sense that Jon is able to defeat the legendary Halfhand, unless he's holding back. THAT makes for a legitimate gripe IMO.
					
					
							Edited by MaximumPatlickicus, 05 June 2012 - 12:32 PM.
2580	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	Well, you missed very blatant attempts by the writers to show you that Jon knew what Qhorin was doing.  And later, when he tells his black brothers "I was following the Half Hands orders", maybe then you can admit you were wrong.That's part of the problem.  There was no order for Jon to turn his cloak and become a wildling.
2581	Independent George	2012-06-05	The problem with Jon's story on the show is that they had to dumb down every single character to make it work. Namely:1. Qhorin is an idiot to leave a completely green Jon alone to execute Ygritte, right after he's already hesitated to kill her. 2. Qhorin is even more of an idiot for not turning around and looking the entire time he's walking away.3. Jon is an idiot for first letting her escape, and then dragging her around the wilderness looking for Qhorin.4. Qhorin then stumbles into an ambush while searching for his missing ranger (who's only missing because of #s 1 & 2 above).5. The wildlings are idiots by letting Qhorin arm himself.6. And then, despite specifically capturing him alive (probably at great cost) to interrogate him, they hand the other prisoner a sword and let him kill their highly valuable prisoner. Seriously, this was just awful. I loved Ygritte's performance, but not enough to overlook all of this idiocy. We lost out on Squire Dalbridge for this?
2582	Versiroth	2012-06-05	The problem with Jon's story on the show is that they had to dumb down every single character to make it work. Namely:1. Qhorin is an idiot to leave a completely green Jon alone to execute Ygritte, right after he's already hesitated to kill her.2. Qhorin is even more of an idiot for not turning around and looking the entire time he's walking away.3. Jon is an idiot for first letting her escape, and then dragging her around the wilderness looking for Qhorin.4. Qhorin then stumbles into an ambush while searching for his missing ranger (who's only missing because of #s 1 & 2 above).5. The wildlings are idiots by letting Qhorin arm himself.6. And then, despite specifically capturing him alive (probably at great cost) to interrogate him, they hand the other prisoner a sword and let him kill their highly valuable prisoner.Seriously, this was just awful. I loved Ygritte's performance, but not enough to overlook all of this idiocy. We lost out on Squire Dalbridge for this?1 and 2 happen in the book.  The difference is Jon lets her go right then and there and rejoins Qhorin.	3. Jon didn't let her escape in the show.  He had reservations about killing her and being a hard women, she was able to escape.  And he dragged her through the wilderness because A) he still didn't want to kill her and B ) he didn't want to break his vows.   Heck, the writers probably purposely did this to insure the audience that he wasn't truly breaking his vows when he killed Qhorin.  Merely doing what must be done.4.  Qhorin stumbles into plenty of ambushes in the book.  The eagle tracking them kept the wildlings on top of them the whole time they were trying to escape.   The only reason Qhorin asked Jon to kill him and join the wildlings in the book is because he knew they were both as good as dead if he didn't.5. Qhorin was tied up... he rammed a wildling and stole a sword to attack Jon.6.  In the book, the wildlings also let Qhorin and Jon fight.   Ghost helps him in the book, but to be honest, it's probably better that he didn't in the show as the writers were clearly trying to convey to the audience that the death was a ruse to get the wildlings to trust Jon.  Qhorin gave his life to set Jon up to spy on the wildlings for the Nights Watch.   If Ghost attacks Qhorin, it really could have been seen to the TV audience as murder.What happens in the book and on the screen ends up the same.  The only difference was that a lot of what was said in the books was implied in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 05 June 2012 - 02:13 PM.
2583	Hear me Meow	2012-06-05	1 and 2 happen in the book.  The difference is Jon lets her go right then and there and rejoins Qhorin.	3. Jon didn't let her escape in the show.  He had reservations about killing her and being a hard women, she was able to escape.  And he dragged her through the wilderness because A) he still didn't want to kill her and B ) he didn't want to break his vows.   Heck, the writers probably purposely did this to insure the audience that he wasn't truly breaking his vows when he killed Qhorin.  Merely doing what must be done.4.  Qhorin stumbles into plenty of ambushes in the book.  The eagle tracking them kept the wildlings on top of them the whole time they were trying to escape.   The only reason Qhorin asked Jon to kill him and join the wildlings in the book is because he knew they were both as good as dead if he didn't.5. Qhorin was tied up... he rammed a wildling and stole a sword to attack Jon.6.  In the book, the wildlings also let Qhorin and Jon fight.   Ghost helps him in the book, but to be honest, it's probably better that he didn't in the show as the writers were clearly trying to convey to the audience that the death was a ruse to get the wildlings to trust Jon.  Qhorin gave his life to set Jon up to spy on the wildlings for the Nights Watch.What happens in the book and on the screen ends up the same.  The only difference was that a of what was said in the books was implied in the show.This is absolute drivel.1 and 2 do not happen in the book. Book Qhorin doesn't need Jon to kill Ygritte, he is just testing him and that is why he leaves. He wants to see what Jon will do if left to his own devices and without pressure from his commander. In the show Qhorin does want Ygritte dead and so he has no reason to leave.Jon didn't let her escape in the show in the sense that it was a conscious choice. He was thoroughly incompetent and in this sense allowed her to escape. Again unlike the book when Ygritte was released because Jon decided he had to be merciful. Book Ygritte was also super ugly so no one can think Jon was hesitant because he was attracted to her. This is why KH believes his character in the show was unable to kill Ygritte though and he says it was a selfish decision.Yeah, the eagle. Only Orell's ability to track Qhorin ensured Rattleshirt's success in the book. In the show Qhorin appears to have lain down like a dog. As did Jon when he was ambushed. In the book they were both prepared to fight to the death.Qhorin can still kill someone with a sword hands tied or no! So it makes no difference. Cripes.In the book the wildlings weren't interested in having Qhorin as their prisoner. In the show they said they were, even though Ygritte said earlier they weren't!In the book the wildings have a reason for allowing the fight. If Jon and Ghost kill Qhorin they won't have to take on the feared ranger themselves. They would win if they did, obviously, but they still risked losses. They had some reason to think Jon turncloak did them a favour and they also knew Jon had a choice between attempting an honourable death and turning his cloak. In the show the first option wasn't open to him. So the original point about the wildlings needing to be dumbed down stands.I've rarely seen a more hopelessly confused post than yours.
					
					
							Edited by Procopius, 05 June 2012 - 03:59 PM.
2584	Jojosh	2012-06-05	People who don't understand what is going on are just going by the finale's scene with jon and quorin. The correct way to view everything would be to remember what quorin said to jon in ep 8 and carry it over to this scene.
Pretty simple
As for Ghost's absence we haven't seen him since Quorin talked to Jon about how he can't control things that are wild. 
Nitpick away on that omission
					
					
							Edited by Jojosh, 05 June 2012 - 02:24 PM.
2585	Hear me Meow	2012-06-05	People who don't understand what is going on are just going by the finale's scene with jon and quorin. The correct way to view everything would be to remember what quorin said to jon in ep 8 and carry it over to this scene.Pretty simpleNope.People who have said they thought Jon's decision was left open to multiple interpretations in the show have indeed watched episode eight and it doesn't convince them Jon was in on the plan until he had killed Qhorin.Read the thread.
2586	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-05	I've heard from plenty of non-readers (I hate calling them that!) who knew perfectly well what was going on, better than some people here.
2587	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	So do you think George is secretly cursing the TV screen when he sees these things while maintaining a public front of being jolly and supportive in his interviews?  I'm genuinely curious as to what he thinks of the Qarth stuff especially.  He seems to have a great sense of humor about it, which I find refreshing.I think George is right now sitting in a bathtub made of gold filled full of money and he is manically laughing.(At least that is what I would be doing right now if HBO backed up and unloaded a dump truck full of cash at my house that they did to his.)To answer on a more serious note, I really believe that if took the kinds of issues that some people have with the show, he would gracefully step away from writing episodes for it. I am also fairly sure that there are places that he cringes while watching episodes as well. That is just human nature.
2588	Versiroth	2012-06-05	I think George is right now sitting in a bathtub made of gold filled full of money and he is manically laughing.(At least that is what I would be doing right now if HBO backed up and unloaded a dump truck full of cash at my house that they did to his.)To answer on a more serious note, I really believe that if took the kinds of issues that some people have with the show, he would gracefully step away from writing episodes for it. I am also fairly sure that there are places that he cringes while watching episodes as well. That is just human nature.I woudn't doubt if he didn't get scripts well in advance of the shoots.  He is one of the producers.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 05 June 2012 - 03:41 PM.
2589	Tadco26	2012-06-05	The rangers were also mounted at the time and she was on foot.  I still don't really understand why Jon recaptured Ygritte in the show.  Did he think Qhorin was going to change his mind when he brought her back as a prisoner?  Even if Qhorin wanted to keep her alive, they didn't have the food to feed her or the man power to guard her, and Qhorin said as much to Jon.  If Jon didn't feel he could kill her, why did he volunteer?  He wasn't given the duty by Qhorin in the show, he asked for it.  And of course Rattleshirt letting Jon go because he defended himself from an unprovoked attack doesn't make much sense either.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 05 June 2012 - 04:09 PM.
2590	Nine of Spades	2012-06-05	I think they fundamentally botched the characterization of Jon in the show, and Qhorin is a casualty. A lot of the changes dont bother me, but the Jon chapter changes are just fundamental and profound. Its just a different character. That doesnt mean the TV show is ruined for people who havent read the books, but for people who are readers and like jon, it can incredibly grating. Its not like the cost of filming the book scenes would have been astronomical, or that the Jon narrative was terribly sprawling. It probably needed some changes, but they didnt have to be nearly as major as they were.
Again, it probably doesnt ruin things for people who didnt read the books, it really is good tv. But for a lot of book readers who liked Jons story its just sad to see an imposter out there.
					
					
							Edited by Nine of Spades, 05 June 2012 - 04:30 PM.
2591	Jojosh	2012-06-05	I suspect they really want to test the waters with Jon turning his cloak next season. Him falling in love with Ygritte and his lack of a connection with quorin is going to really play on his mind.
2592	Hear Us Roar	2012-06-05	Qhorin and jon needed another scene or two to set up the plan.
2593	Nine of Spades	2012-06-05	I woudn't doubt if he didn't get scripts well in advance of the shoots.  He is one of the producers.I get the feeling Martin is so geeked out that people want to adapt his work, that he is willing to let people do what they want. I dont think hes a IP control freak. I bet if you asked him and got an honest answer, hes just happy people like the show, and if its not "true" to his work thats ok with him.
2594	Stubby	2012-06-05	[MOD]
Folks,
A gentle reminder from the FAQ that if you post inflammatory stuff that doesn't add to a discussion it will be (and have been) deleted.
Also, those posts that quoted the inflammatory comment have also been deleted.
Let's keep it civil please.
[/MOD]
2595	Still_Servant	2012-06-05	"We are the watchers on the wall."
Once Halfhand whispers these dying words to Jon, I felt that the scene somewhat redeemed itself.  
I don't like the changes they made to the Halfhand/Snow plot, but I think I can live with it now.  The line above is an awesome line and it made Jon realize what Halfhand was doing.  He's basically telling him, "You will always be a man of the Night's Watch."
My biggest gripe is that I don't really see a logical reason for changing it so much from the book.  One extra scene could have changed everything and we wouldn't even be having this conversation.  Just one scene.
2596	Gannicus	2012-06-05	The show, for the most part, has been awesome. I also could care less if the show makes changes to the story, if the changes are better. However the Jon story line has been the show's biggest blunder to date.
Still, I think it was obvious that Jon knew what QH wanted him to do. They were just putting on a good show for the wildlings. However we missed so much else here.
1. QH asking for Jon to range with him.
2. Jon letting Yigrette live and QH telling him he wanted to see what kind of man he was.
3. And most importantly the completely badass stands of Qhorin and the other rangers trying to warn the wall.
I thought these we some of the most exciting chapters in ACOK. It was weird and disappointing to see them cut.
Instead Jon asks to range and his mistake leads to the death of his fellow rangers. I don't think Jon seems like a total teenage emo wussy like many on here claim but I don't see the purpose of this change.
I get time is an issue.  But you can't give me one less Dany hissy fit "my dragons this and that" moments to save a scene for rangers of the nights watch being absolutely epic?
But I guess what's done is done.
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 05 June 2012 - 11:43 PM.
2597	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-06	I get the feeling Martin is so geeked out that people want to adapt his work, that he is willing to let people do what they want. I dont think hes a IP control freak. I bet if you asked him and got an honest answer, hes just happy people like the show, and if its not "true" to his work thats ok with him.Martin does control his IP. If he for example ever catches you with a fanfiction, he'll hang you like a Frey.
2598	Nine of Spades	2012-06-06	Martin does control his IP. If he for example ever catches you with a fanfiction, he'll hang you like a Frey.Let me clarify what I mean by control freak. Yes, he isnt going to let just anybody do the thing. But once he greenlights it, he isnt trying to micromanage the project.
2599	Ghost Rider	2012-06-06	Qhorin - One Brother inside Mances camp is worth 100 outside.Jon - They'll never trust me.Qhorin - They will... if you do what must be done.*pushes john down and screams*Qhorin - Traitor!  You planned to give us up to the Wildlings!Smart!Wildings - What's that little show for? How could he have possibly planned to give them up to the Wildlings? Even we wouldn't have suspected QH of such stupidity as to not being able to follow a boy's traces through the snow and get caught up while doing that? How could that stupid boy have planned something like that then? It's obviously a ruse... and a stupid one at thatShow!Wildlings - Oh, QH calls the boy a traitor. Must be true!!! Can't imagine anything else...Later...Qhorin - Die you traitor!  *They fight... Smart!Wildlings - Oh, so they go on with their game. Let's enjoy the little show and watch just how far they are prepared to go. Jon realizing what Qhorin had meant he disarms and kills him*Qhorin to Jon - We are the watchers that guard the night.....Smart!Wildlings - oh wow, that was ... far. Maybe QH's reputation for being badass was not totally undeserved. Even though his plan lacked subtlety, he didn't lack courage at least. Would have died soon anyway though - Wildlings go on to promise Jon that he would be one of them, after he tells Mance all he wants to know. Little does Jon know that they don't plan to keep that promise...Show!Wildlings - hey, that boy has killed QH! That must mean that the boy's with us now and QH obviously spoke the truth! Doesn't matter that we would have executed/ tortured him to death soon anyway. Audience - Ahh!  That's what he ment when he told Jon he had to do what must be done!OrAudience - Yep, exactly what I figured was happening.Audience - wow, we're that much smarter then the Wildlings. We have figured it out, while they are totally clueless!
2600	Justin Danford	2012-06-06	My biggest gripe is they never had The half-hand ask Jon if that sword of his was sharp. It was my favorite part of their exchange in the books and is a nice revelation moment when you realize why he keeps asking.
They could have tosssed it in at the end of that first talk he has once theyve both been captured and then again right before they break out in their fight.
This would have made it overtly clear what he wanted, and would allow the audience to assume that Jon had at least some sense of what was needed to be done once the fight broke out.
The way they handled it really makes it seem Jon kills him out of anger. D&D seem to place the audience in dark on these things sometimes, as if we were the wildlings who are now fooled into thinking Jon has turned his cloak (which will be shown to us as false in season 3).
I think thats a bad way to do it. For instance, in the throne room scene in which the farce is played to name Margery Joffery's future queen, it isnt clear the whole thing was just a show put on for court. I had several non-readers remark how the acting in that scene was terrible, and when I told them that was done to intimate the farce then they got it. Vary's could have at least given an eye-roll or something.
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 06 June 2012 - 02:03 PM.
2601	Harrad	2012-06-06	The HBO series handled the Quorin-Jon thread like the book. The details were different, but the clues were all there.
2602	Rodrik Moss	2012-06-06	They could've doen the entire Jon story line like it was done in the book, in the TV series. They could've replaced the "I'm walking around with this wildling girl and lost my friends"-BS with them running south while not even clearly seeing their enemies and losing one by one of the rangers who hold them off. Then having Ygritte come back with Lord o' Bones and having Snow defeat Qhorin after he tells him "You must not balk, whatever is asked of you..." (I hate how they cut that line out). Having Ghost help him take down Qhorin. It could've been achieved exactely that way, with the same airtime they spent on Snow now, and the same budget (the only thing that would be expensive of these is having Ghost come into the scene and bite Qhorin's leg, but that's it).
The only reason why they did it that I can imagine, is cause they wanted more Ygritte and some naughty remarks in there. It cheapens his story and his person. It's quite sad how this season is being handled. (Nudity/flirting/gore over story) Or maybe they don't want to show Snow's warg capabilities. Since they seem to want to make Bran the crippled unique paranormal wizard kid.
2603	Leuf	2012-06-06	My take on the scene is that Qhorin understands that Jon wasn't able to kill Ygritte earlier.  In the show Jon and Qhorin don't spend any time together after that except as prisoners, so why would Qhorin think Jon could kill him in cold blood now?  I believe Jon understands what he wants from him, but Qhorin doesn't give him any time to think about it, and he gets him angry while he's at it.  Jon knows what he has to do, since he does it even though Qhorin is disarmed, but he doesn't get the time to process it until it's over.
The difference is that the show didn't give Jon a chance to prove himself to Qhorin. The scene follows logically from that change.
2604	Mulled Wino	2012-06-06	True.  Changing written text is fine, but you then throw the gauntlet down that you have something better up your sleeve.  This plot shows a fairly bumbling Qhorin, which was unfortunate.  They could have made things more clear that Jon knew his orders rather than killing an unarmed man out of anger.  And the Halfhand tripping due to Ghost made it reasonable for Jon to slit his throat.  This Qhorin had no reason to be bested and it appears forced.Although your Marty Stu reference is waaay off.  I agree with this.  The chase and subsequent fight with JS and QH was Arguably the most exciting plotline in CoK
2605	Mulled Wino	2012-06-06	My take on the scene is that Qhorin understands that Jon wasn't able to kill Ygritte earlier.  In the show Jon and Qhorin don't spend any time together after that except as prisoners, so why would Qhorin think Jon could kill him in cold blood now?  I believe Jon understands what he wants from him, but Qhorin doesn't give him any time to think about it, and he gets him angry while he's at it.  Jon knows what he has to do, since he does it even though Qhorin is disarmed, but he doesn't get the time to process it until it's over.The difference is that the show didn't give Jon a chance to prove himself to Qhorin. The scene follows logically from that change.Jon snow that couldnt kill ygritte and gets punkes out and disrespected by Mormont all the sudden is the man that qh thinks is going to go on the tougest ever undercover assignment in NW history.  Seems totaly legit to me?!?!?!?!?!?!!
2606	Mulled Wino	2012-06-06	The HBO series handled the Quorin-Jon thread like the book. The details were different, but the clues were all there. No they didnt.  The only thing that was the same was that they "fought" and jon won and possibly turned his cloak.
2607	Leuf	2012-06-06	Jon snow that couldnt kill ygritte and gets punkes out and disrespected by Mormont all the sudden is the man that qh thinks is going to go on the tougest ever undercover assignment in NW history.  Seems totaly legit to me?!?!?!?!?!?!!First, what is so tough about this undercover assignment after being accepted in?  He has to sit around and fuck a redhead.  A tough job is being on the Fist when the Others come a knockin.  Second, once they are captured what does Qhorin have to lose?  They are dead anyway.  He got himself killed before they could torture anything out of him and he has a long shot of something worthwhile coming out of it.  Seems like a good idea to me.
2608	Indigo Snow	2012-06-07	Was talking to a non-book-reading friend yesterday about this episode, and he totally thought Jon killed Qhorin because Qhorin pissed him off with his insults. Ugh! I mean, sure, the half-assed set up was there, and he probably just wasn't paying attention. But to be honest, I didn't even catch the set up on the first watch, and totally understand why my friend would see it that way.
WHY did they have to make it so ambiguous? Some cheap cliffhanger? It just pisses me off that they are making Jon look so stupid and passive! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> And it's not just with this scene. At first I thought it was Kit's acting that seemed off, but then I realise he's really doing the best he can with his material. They took away Jon's choice and action at every turn, and basically made him screw up everything. The killing of Qhorin was suppose to be his final moment to shine this season, yet they've made no effort to show his struggles, and motivations. It just looked more odd than anything. 
Other than Jon & Ygritte's great chemistry (thanks to the actors), Jon's storyline was imo one of the weaker ones this season. I guess it was more of a transitioning season for Jon. Really hope they do a better job next season! So many things to look forward to!! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2609	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	First, what is so tough about this undercover assignment after being accepted in?  He has to sit around and fuck a redhead.  A tough job is being on the Fist when the Others come a knockin.  Second, once they are captured what does Qhorin have to lose?  They are dead anyway.  He got himself killed before they could torture anything out of him and he has a long shot of something worthwhile coming out of it.  Seems like a good idea to me.remember its mance that has to accept him, so that's not easy right there.  oh, and I'm not sure if you read the books but there's a lot of trying times ahead for jon.  Many wildlings want to kill jon, he was attacked and almost lost an eye.  plus they caught him lying to protect his brothers and almost killed him there.  I have about 10 more examples, but I"m not sure if you read the books and I don't want to spoil it any more. it's unfathomable that the wildlings would just accept jon unless they are going to just accept him as a hostage and stick him in a cart because he's part stark.  And even worse that ygritte would actually still accept jon under the furs after she chumped him out so bad. It's inconsistent in the least to say that QH would try and have jon cross sides after proving to be such a boob. think about it.  would he send Tarly to corss sides?  Why didn't he send an experienced ranger to infiltrate in the past then?
2610	Leuf	2012-06-07	Yes I've read the books.  You want Jon to be an uber ranger secret agent.  Well he isn't.  That's what makes Jon passable as a deserter.  It's that Jon is naturally pretty confused and conflicted that gets him accepted by Mance, who would see right through him if he wasn't.  By spending that time on Jon and Ygritte, now Ygritte knows Jon better and she's on his side, more so even than in the books at the start.  She clearly understood what Qhorin was up to and she basically helped Jon get past his first test.  Given the focus on the two of them, she'll probably keep helping him quite a bit.It's inconsistent in the least to say that QH would try and have jon cross sides after proving to be such a boob. think about it.  would he send Tarly to corss sides?  Why didn't he send an experienced ranger to infiltrate in the past then?Why would the NW ever have tried to infiltrate the wildlings when they've only just found out they are gathering?  Like I said, what did Qhorin have to lose by trying it once they were caught?
2611	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-07	Yes I've read the books.  You want Jon to be an uber ranger secret agent.  Well he isn't.  That's what makes Jon passable as a deserter.  It's that Jon is naturally pretty confused and conflicted that gets him accepted by Mance, who would see right through him if he wasn't.I suggest you go back and read Jon's early ASOS chapters. By spending that time on Jon and Ygritte, now Ygritte knows Jon better and she's on his side, more so even than in the books at the start.  She clearly understood what Qhorin was up to and she basically helped Jon get past his first test.If that is the case, then she's beyond stupid.Given the focus on the two of them, she'll probably keep helping him quite a bit.Which would be ridiculous.
2612	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	Yes I've read the books.  You want Jon to be an uber ranger secret agent.  Well he isn't.  That's what makes Jon passable as a deserter.  It's that Jon is naturally pretty confused and conflicted that gets him accepted by Mance, who would see right through him if he wasn't.  By spending that time on Jon and Ygritte, now Ygritte knows Jon better and she's on his side, more so even than in the books at the start.  She clearly understood what Qhorin was up to and she basically helped Jon get past his first test.  Given the focus on the two of them, she'll probably keep helping him quite a bit.Why would the NW ever have tried to infiltrate the wildlings when they've only just found out they are gathering?  Like I said, what did Qhorin have to lose by trying it once they were caught?No, i want jon to be a capable, better than average young ranger that's respected with a pedigree.  Like he was in the books.If one on the inside is worth 100 on the outside, seems like might be a strategy to try and get a solid spy amongst the wildlings.  Especially if it was a competent ranger.  I see the show Ygritte/jon relationship as a joke.  Jon Snow  isnt confused at all, book Jon knows exactly what to say to get Mance to believe him.  Mance also took him because of his prowess as a fighter, killing Orell, capturing Ygritte, killing the halfhand, eluding capture by hunters for days or weeks and cuz he's a warg with ghost.Jon Show is an absolute mess.  He never killed orell, he got outwitted by ygritte, lost his fellow rangers, doesnt have a wolf, and i guess he gets props for killing qh in a joke of a fight.You cant have really paid attention if you think Jon had nothing hard to do except bang Ygritte after mance accepted him.
2613	modehead	2012-06-07	They couldn't develop both Ygritte and Qhorin equally during the season...That's what resonates with me. I just think they could've done alot more with the dialog Qhorin had: In that chain gang scenem he could've said "Learn what you can from them. Do as they say, and make sure your sword is sharp."  and it makes sense that he sacrificed himself.
2614	Slingingstones	2012-06-07	The pregnant pause just prior to Jon stabbing Qhorin, was not the â<U+0080><U+009C>Estocadaâ<U+0080><U+009D>, a Matador  performs on a charging bull.  In this case, the bull came up short and didnâ<U+0080>t impale himself..  Everyone is imbued with self-preservation, Qhorin is no different, thus the pause before the assisted Hara-kiri.  It appeared to border on Murder 2Â°, or at the very least, poor sportsmanship/rage.
I realize that they both had the plan in hand, but, some of my non-book friends didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t pick up on it.
2615	Leuf	2012-06-07	I see the show Ygritte/jon relationship as a joke.  Well there you go.  There's no real point in having a discussion about it, is there? Nevertheless, Jon can't have the same discussion with Mance as he does in the books, since Jon isn't at the feast in the show.  But I submit that Mance is already spilling his guts to Jon before Jon even says two sentences and it's not because Jon is such a badass.  Jon tells Mance something he will believe, because there is a lot of truth behind it. Jon has all next season with the wildlings to come of age.
2616	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	Well there you go.  There's no real point in having a discussion about it, is there? Nevertheless, Jon can't have the same discussion with Mance as he does in the books, since Jon isn't at the feast in the show.  But I submit that Mance is already spilling his guts to Jon before Jon even says two sentences and it's not because Jon is such a badass.  Jon tells Mance something he will believe, because there is a lot of truth behind it. Jon has all next season with the wildlings to come of age.Please note:  ignored the rest of a post and focused on one sentence he could attempt to manipulate.....Why do ou think ygritte fell for him?  She likes virgins?  She likes guys she can outsmart and that are weaker than her?  She digs emo guys that can let the woman be the boss? I
2617	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	Well there you go.  There's no real point in having a discussion about it, is there? Nevertheless, Jon can't have the same discussion with Mance as he does in the books, since Jon isn't at the feast in the show.  But I submit that Mance is already spilling his guts to Jon before Jon even says two sentences and it's not because Jon is such a badass.  Jon tells Mance something he will believe, because there is a lot of truth behind it. Jon has all next season with the wildlings to come of age.So why was mance spilling his guts then?  Mance can spill his guts btw because he holds power over life and death for jon.If u dont think mance only allowed jon to turn cuz he respected jon as a badass, i dont know what to say.  Except that you are absolutely out of your mind.  You dont come of age AFTER manceaccepts u and u kill QH.  Unless ur a warg with a direwolf and Jon Show is none of the above.
2618	Leuf	2012-06-07	Please note:  ignored the rest of a post and focused on one sentence he could attempt to manipulate.....That was not me ignoring the rest of a post (which everyone else has been doing to me), but me just saying you have no interest in seeing Jon's story from any other viewpoint so there's no point in me trying to argue the point any further.  You win, whatever.Why do ou think ygritte fell for him?  She likes virgins?  She likes guys she can outsmart and that are weaker than her?  She digs emo guys that can let the woman be the boss?I think he's a different kind of man than what she's used to, just like Drogo was into Dany because she was different.  I don't think she's in love with him or anything at this point, but she's intrigued by him.  I doubt she's ever met a man she could come onto who wouldn't be on her in two seconds.  She wants to figure him out.Likewise Mance has no shortage of men who think they are badasses around him.  Mance has some freaky obsession with Winterfell going on and here is Ned's son in front of him.  It's another puzzle to be figured out.
2619	Jayce	2012-06-08	all the changes they made, they did them just because they though they could improve the story....I don't agree with this. I agree that they have buggered up Qhorin's rep, his mens abilities and made Jon look a muppet, but they did not do it for the reason you state.Unfortunately it comes down to simple numbers, they have a big budget, but it is not unlimited and to do these scene's like the book they would of needed more actors and possibly more screen time. I know you or I could work out a better way, but we don't have the other consideration to take in to account on top. They did the best they could, its just unfortunately they buggered this one up.
2620	Jayce	2012-06-08	I've been reading through this and people keep talking about Mance as if he was in the episode, did I miss something?
2621	Mulled Wino	2012-06-08	That was not me ignoring the rest of a post (which everyone else has been doing to me), but me just saying you have no interest in seeing Jon's story from any other viewpoint so there's no point in me trying to argue the point any further.  You win, whatever.I think he's a different kind of man than what she's used to, just like Drogo was into Dany because she was different.  I don't think she's in love with him or anything at this point, but she's intrigued by him.  I doubt she's ever met a man she could come onto who wouldn't be on her in two seconds.  She wants to figure him out.Likewise Mance has no shortage of men who think they are badasses around him.  Mance has some freaky obsession with Winterfell going on and here is Ned's son in front of him.  It's another puzzle to be figured out.I have no problems with stories being reworked for the small screen.  I have a problem with how they reworked Jon Show and pretty much everythig north of the wall.   And as far as Ygritte being intrigued, you and I have a completely different view of wildling society.  I believe that before any sort of interest forms between the opposite sex (especially with a spearwife), respect MUST be earned.  Ygritte would never respect Jon Show, which was such an easy fix.  Just have him kill orell and take her prisoner, then CHOOSE to let her go.  Now, we're talkin intrigue.  Someone from her society would rather spit on Jon Show than start falling for him or help him.Mance has no shortage of strong men around him, but he needs more.  Especially more that have knowledge of the wall.  But he would be better off keeping Jon Show prisoner in a cage and just extracting info from him.  Thats all he brings to the table.  Its pretty obvious why Mance has a "freaky thing" going on with winterfell.  Its the capital of the north no?  There's quite a bit of history bet the wildlings and the starks.
2622	Davos55	2012-06-08	There is no way the storyline in the show improved on the novel's version.  I was most disappointed by Jon's story for the entire season.  I absolutely loved his story in ACOK, and the show has ruined it and lost almost all of the essence of his character.  Hopefully they can right their ship with his excellent material in ASOS, but I won't get my hopes up.  Very, very unfortunate.
Also, where the F is Ghost?!?!?!?
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 08 June 2012 - 12:19 PM.
2623	Leuf	2012-06-08	I do think that Jon's story this season was a downgrade from the books.  Where with Dany they needed to fill in some things and I think they had some success doing that, they actually took meat out of Jon's story.  But that doesn't mean that his story is ruined going forwards.  If you're going to hold to the idea that book Ygritte can't respect show Jon, well fine maybe you're right.  But show Ygritte can, and show Jon can still do plenty to impress her next season.  I don't think Jon really comes into his own until after they go over the Wall and he makes a real choice for the first time.
This year I reread ACOK before the season started, but next year I am purposefully not going to touch ASOS so that the details are a little fuzzy.  Hopefully I can just enjoy the show for what it is instead of whining about what it isn't.  I did plenty of that myself over the first eight episodes this season and frankly I don't want to be that guy.  You're never going to enjoy the rest of the show if you make up your mind that a character is ruined in the second season.
2624	Istakhr	2012-06-08	I do think that Jon's story this season was a downgrade from the books.  Where with Dany they needed to fill in some things and I think they had some success doing that, they actually took meat out of Jon's story.  But that doesn't mean that his story is ruined going forwards.  If you're going to hold to the idea that book Ygritte can't respect show Jon, well fine maybe you're right.  But show Ygritte can, and show Jon can still do plenty to impress her next season.  I don't think Jon really comes into his own until after they go over the Wall and he makes a real choice for the first time.This year I reread ACOK before the season started, but next year I am purposefully not going to touch ASOS so that the details are a little fuzzy.  Hopefully I can just enjoy the show for what it is instead of whining about what it isn't.  I did plenty of that myself over the first eight episodes this season and frankly I don't want to be that guy.  You're never going to enjoy the rest of the show if you make up your mind that a character is ruined in the second season.The problem with Jon's story is that most Non book readers now believe he is slow and stupid instead of inexperienced. If next year they continue his degradation this time by Mance and wildlings, nobody is going to believe him transforming to a semi-competent lord commander.
					
					
							Edited by Istakhr, 08 June 2012 - 10:37 PM.
2625	Mulled Wino	2012-06-08	To me, they ruined Jon Snow and the whole storyline north of the wall.  But that was the only thing the season really ruined for me, i have other minor beefs, but nothing like this lame storyline.  
I will view next season completely independently of this season.  I've got more important grudges to hold in my life.
2626	Istakhr	2012-06-09	I always imagined if Jon's story in ACOK was ever to be filmed, it would be something like the last scenes of Jackson's Fellowship of the Ring, with Night's Watchmen being chased sacrificing themselves combined with epicness and a sense of doom, climaxing in Jon's anguish in having to kill his mentor.
Instead we got a soap opera with stupid Jon, stupid Qhorin and stupid wildlings. Don't they understand when every character north of the wall acts like an idiot, people stop caring about any of them? Just how many non book readers care about TV Jon for anything other than his looks?
The only reason for S2 north storyline that I can see is D&D like many other mediocre TV writers falling in love with a character (Ygrette by Rose Leslie) and writing a soap around her.
2627	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-09	Enjoyed this quote from TV Critic Miodrag Zarkovic about the Jon QHorin storyline. I think he hits the nail on the head.Pretty malfunctioning was also the part where wildlings release Jon Snow in the finale of season 2. As far as his captors know, Jon only protected his life by killing an angry attacker; to them, Jon did nothing other than proving to be a better swordsman than his fellow â<U+0080><U+009C>crow;â<U+0080><U+009D> he didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t show any willingness to betray his oath and switch sides; actually, by witnessing how deadly with a sword Jon is, wildlings shouldâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve become much more cautious around him; and yet, as soon as Qhorinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s body fell to the ground, previously bloodthirsty leader of the group cut off ties of Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hands. So yeah, Rattleshirt and his company are bound to enter the race for the nicest captors of Westeros, competing against the Lannister forces that kept Arya in Harrenhal.The wildings also look incredibly stupid; makes no sense why Rattleshirt, who I believe was keeping Jon and Qhorin from fighitng in episode 8, suddenly lets them fight ot the death and impulsively releases Jon for no real reason. Awful, awful writing by David and Dan. They wasted two episdoes worth of setup for Jon's storyline on him romping around with Ygritte, and then had to pull this piece of hackery out of their ass to end on the same note as the book.
2628	Mulled Wino	2012-06-09	Enjoyed this quote from TV Critic Miodrag Zarkovic about the Jon QHorin storyline. I think he hits the nail on the head.The wildings also look incredibly stupid; makes no sense why Rattleshirt, who I believe was keeping Jon and Qhorin from fighitng in episode 8, suddenly lets them fight ot the death and impulsively releases Jon for no real reason. Awful, awful writing by David and Dan. They wasted two episdoes worth of setup for Jon's storyline on him romping around with Ygritte, and then had to pull this piece of hackery out of their ass to end on the same note as the book.The last two posts including this one are great.  Ive been saying that the chase scene with qh and jon snow could have made for epic and amazing tv. The whole north of the wall storyline is a complete fail this season.  I guess it was done so Ygritte could talk dirty one book early.  Great quote arrogant bastard.
2629	Husband to Bears	2012-06-09	Qhorin and jon needed another scene or two to set up the plan.This. In a series where the conversations have been so special, they missed one great chance to flesh out Jon's character while interacting with the Halfhand.  But I still got the books half hand. Now, if they screw up the Tall Talker and Jon next season.  Pikes! Walls! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2630	bloodymime	2012-06-09	The last two posts including this one are great.  Ive been saying that the chase scene with qh and jon snow could have made for epic and amazing tv. The whole north of the wall storyline is a complete fail this season.  I guess it was done so Ygritte could talk dirty one book early.  Great quote arrogant bastard."Is your sword sharp, Jon Snow?â<U+0080><U+009D> asked Qhorin Halfhand across the flickering fire."   I understand there's realities to the show but it was such a simplistic storyline, a bit of dialogue followed by the each man of the Night's Watch leaving to make a last stand to buy time for their brothers ending with Jon and the Halfhand sitting at the fire, is your sword sharp Jon Snow. How do you not want to see that as a fan of the books?
2631	Mulled Wino	2012-06-09	This. In a series where the conversations have been so special, they missed one great chance to flesh out Jon's character while interacting with the Halfhand.  But I still got the books half hand. Now, if they screw up the Tall Talker and Jon next season.  Pikes! Walls! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />They didnt need more scenes, they needed the right scenes.
2632	Mulled Wino	2012-06-09	"Is your sword sharp, Jon Snow?Â<U+0094> asked Qhorin Halfhand across the flickering fire."   I understand there's realities to the show but it was such a simplistic storyline, a bit of dialogue followed by the each man of the Night's Watch leaving to make a last stand to buy time for their brothers ending with Jon and the Halfhand sitting at the fire, is your sword sharp Jon Snow. How do you not want to see that as a fan of the books?YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I feel like it would have been just as easy to film and would have made the beyond the wall story sooooo much more epic.  I may be partial because that entire arc was my favorite (along with arya's obviously) in SoS.  So much drama and badassness from qh, js, rattleshirt and the rest of the wildlings.  The eagle?  Jon seeing the wildling forces through ghost's eyes?  All easy stuff to create for tv.
2633	boojam	2012-06-09	In both the book and the show, if I were Mance Rayder, supposed smarter than the average bear, and heard a cock and bull story like that I would have killed Jon Snow right then and there.
2634	bloodymime	2012-06-09	It's why I've been staying out of this thread, The Wall storyline ended on such an incredible note in the first season and to have this was such a disappointment. I'm a big fan of the Halfhand so I understand I'm biased but I think you're right in that whole storyline could have been so dramatic and yet we're stuck with that whole goofy speech ending with Qhorin basically saying ahhh I'm just fucking with you Jonny boy, nothing means nothing. Just horrible stuff.
2635	Istakhr	2012-06-09	In both the book and the show, if I were Mance Rayder, supposed smarter than the average bear, and heard a cock and bull story like that I would have killed Jon Snow right then and there.But we are not talking about Mance. Even if you hate Mance trusting Jon, you might agree what happened before they met was much more dramatic and epic as described in the books. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2636	Sanette	2012-06-09	www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=gqrX9xlCilo Behind the Scenes of the fightAnother proof of how much they misunderstood/changed Jon's character. I'm wondering if they even read the same book as I did. That stunt guy and Simon Armstrong basically say that Jon needed to be pushed and forced into killing Qhorin. In the book he knew what he was supposed to do even though he didn't want to do it. He didn't need Qhorin's snarky remarks to "push him to the limit". That's just nonsense. And Alan Taylor's comments are just icing on the cake. So Jon is backing away from responsibility and killing Qhorin makes him a true warrior?Ugh.
2637	Hear me Meow	2012-06-09	Oh dear.
Will any of those people have read the books though?
Would people call what Jon Snow did in the books murder or does Taylor's comment reveal that, in his mind at least, Jon Show does kill Qhorin out of anger and only really grasps the plan later? If Jon was in on the plan and understood clearly what Qhorin was doing surely it is very implausible to think some jibes about his mother are going to make much difference to anyone who isn't a totally loose cannon. 
Also, how is trying to do the right thing stepping away from responsibility?
Have you seen Kit's take on the scene where Ygritte escapes. I might have mentioned it on this thread before but Kit says that while Jon is influenced by what Ned has taught him and so doesn't want to kill a women; he is only so inclined to spare Ygritte because he is attracted to her and that were he told to execute a less attractive prisoner the result might not be the same. From this Kit concluded Jon was being selfish!
He also reads Jon as a twenty something year old in the books (interview with Wall Street Journal I think) despite saying he has teen angst issues that twenty somethings don't have. So its not surprising he thinks his character is a bit of a twit.
2638	teemo	2012-06-09	Yeah, they made Qhorin look like a bumbling old fool. If I never read the books I'd think he was a total idiot.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 09 June 2012 - 05:51 PM.
2639	Sanette	2012-06-09	Oh dear.Will any of those people have read the books though?Would people call what Jon Snow did in the books murder or does Taylor's comment reveal that, in his mind at least, Jon Show does kill Qhorin out of anger and only really grasps the plan later? If Jon was in on the plan and understood clearly what Qhorin was doing surely it is very implausible to think some jibes about his mother are going to make much difference to anyone who isn't a totally loose cannon.Also, how is trying to do the right thing stepping away from responsibility?Have you seen Kit's take on the scene where Ygritte escapes. I might have mentioned it on this thread before but Kit says that while Jon is influenced by what Ned has taught him and so doesn't want to kill a women; he is only so inclined to spare Ygritte because he is attracted to her and that were he told to execute a less attractive prisoner the result might not be the same. From this Kit concluded Jon was being selfish!He also reads Jon as a twenty something year old in the books (interview with Wall Street Journal I think) despite saying he has teen angst issues that twenty somethings don't have. So its not surprising he thinks his character is a bit of a twit.I don't think Taylor or Armstrong have read the books. They work with the information that DnD provide them.That's the problem with that scene. It isn't clear if he acts out of anger or if he actually knows about Qhorin's plan. And this was never put into question in the book. At least that's how I see it. But if he was supposed to act just out of anger then they wouldn't have bothered with that setup scene in Ep 8. So what are they trying to accomplish here? Do they think that Jon is so afraid of taking responsibility that they had to throw in those remarks about his mother? If we're going with Taylor's view of things, how much does that alter Jon's character in the long run? Because in that case he really committed a murder. Nothing about this scene really makes sense.I think that Kit has a really good understanding of who Jon really is. The problem is that he has to work with two versions of this character. Sometimes I feel like he's talking about Book!Jon in one interview and about Show!Jon in another. And I guess that comment about her being pretty and that's why he didn't kill her is in line with Jon Show. He's older so he would be more aware of his sexuality and maybe it was a subconscious thing? And Rose Leslie is hot which adds plausibility to this whole version of events. It is changed from the book but it works in the context of the show.Does he really have any teen angst issues left in the second season, though? Because I don't remember him being angry at all this season except that scene with Ygritte in ep 7 but that had nothing to do with teen angst.
					
					
							Edited by Sanette, 09 June 2012 - 07:41 PM.
2640	Hear me Meow	2012-06-09	I don't think Taylor or Armstrong have read the books. They work with the information that DnD provide them.That's the problem with that scene. It isn't clear if he acts out of anger or if he actually knows about Qhorin's plan. And this was never put into question in the book. At least that's how I see it. But if he was supposed to act just out of anger then they wouldn't have bothered with that setup scene in Ep 8. So what are they trying to accomplish here? Do they think that Jon is so afraid of taking responsibility that they had to throw in those remarks about his mother? If we're going with Taylor's view of things, how much does that alter Jon's character in the long run? Because in that case he really committed a murder. Nothing about this scene really makes sense.I think that Kit has a really good understanding of who Jon really is. The problem is that he has to work with two versions of this character. Sometimes I feel like he's talking about Book!Jon in one interview and about Show!Jon in another. And I guess that comment about her being pretty and that's why he didn't kill her is in line with Jon Show. He's older so he would be more aware of his sexuality and maybe it was a subconscious thing? And Rose Leslie is hot which adds plausibility to this whole version of events. It is changed from the book but it works in the context of the show.Does he really have any teen angst issues left in the second season, though? Because I don't remember him being angry at all this season except that scene with Ygritte in ep 7 but that had nothing to do with teen angst.It is very confusing. It will be annoying if they don't clarify the whole thing next season but like you said, it doesn't seem to make very much sense.I'm not really in a position to pass judgement as I haven't seen that many interviews with Kit and its actually been a while since I've read the first three books.With the whole Ygritte thing I just thought it was interesting because it was yet another way Jon Snow and Jon Show differ and Jon Show is, as ever, less than his book counterpart, in this case being less noble. Kit must think Jon's attraction played a big part in his hesitancy or he wouldn't have described his actions as selfish. It does make sense if you consider how lousy Jon Show is though, yeah.I'm not sure what it has to do with age though. Sure, Jon Show is more aware of his sexuality than Jon Snow (who was totally clueless in this regard) but I don't see why this matters. In the books Ygritte is ugly and he spares her anyway. There is no reason to make him less noble in the show, and as a result describe his actions as selfish because Rose Leslie is hot.The teen angst refers to the first book. The odd thing is that Kit sees the book character as twenty despite acknowledging his teenage problems and it makes little sense. If I thought Jon Snow was really written as a twenty year old (due to Grrm messing up the ages) I wouldn't think as much of him.
2641	Mulled Wino	2012-06-09	I dont think kit has the proper persepctive on jon snow.  I thought he was talking about jon being too impulsive and alittlw on dumb side in interviews. Kit was actually forced to backtrack on some comments.  They're all in the thread for episode 8- thread- The Continuing emasculation of jon snow.
Sanette, i think we spoke about his retraction in the past.
2642	Sanette	2012-06-10	I dont think kit has the proper persepctive on jon snow.  I thought he was talking about jon being too impulsive and alittlw on dumb side in interviews. Kit was actually forced to backtrack on some comments.  They're all in the thread for episode 8- thread- The Continuing emasculation of jon snow.Sanette, i think we spoke about his retraction in the past.I know we did but I'm starting to understand his point of view.Because if he's talking about Jon Show then he's right, isn't he? Jon Show is dumb and impulsive and less noble than Book!Jon. Now I would like to know if he knows that he's playing a different character and if he agrees with how the writers adapt his storyline and character. I just hope they'll stay closer to the book next season.
2643	Hear me Meow	2012-06-10	So having read them all does that influence how you play Jon?I love having source material so having something there that is giving you as much about your character as you can, I love to know as much as I can. I got too far ahead of myself and had to reel it all back in, "wait a minute this is a long process we're going on, I need to make sure I don't endgame and end up somewhere where I've got nowhere to leave myself to go." So I reeled it back in and realised that at the start he's different from how he is when he gets further along the line. But I think it was important to read them because I could get a real grip of who he was.What have you learned about Jon?Something I learned about him recently, I was trying to work him out and I was thinking, "actually is he quite stupid?" Because I made a few decisions about him and it led to this person who in the books he makes a lot of mistakes, he acts first and doesn't think about things and so I realised recently he's a very instinctual person. He's a good person, he'll do the right things for people but he won't think ahead of time.I had another part that I had to think about that was similar to Jon but for a different project and I was trying to think how to differ them and actually the other guy thinks about things and then acts. So he's [Jon} an instinctual person that's what I realised about him and I think that makes him who he is. He's not exactly intelligent as we think of people being intelligent, he knows how to use a sword and he's a good person and he's a natural leader but he doesn't think ahead too much. He's probably one of the few good people in the entire series isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t he?Well again he does bad things, I think that's the exciting thing about this series. No one's really good, no one's really bad. He's one of the more sympathetic characters and you should like him, I think if you're a good person but he makes mistakes further on as do other people. So he's not entirely clean as a white piece of paper or whatever the expression is [laughs].Do you think that's part of the appeal of the series, it's everyone doing bad things?I think it is yeah. I think you're right. The appeal of this is that there is no Gandalf who's wonderful and does everything right. Ned Stark did stupid things, was wrong. He fathered an illegitimate child. He's not completely clean. I think people can relate to this because it's about people's faults, it's about what people do for power. It's been said a hundred times but it really is a fantasy that's based with a real sense of reality and the characters are faulted, every single one of them in some way.Sorry Sanette but I just think he knows nothing because it does sound like he means the book character and I don't think he has read DwD.
					
					
							Edited by Procopius, 10 June 2012 - 01:35 PM.
2644	Strider	2012-06-10	Egads!  Let me get this straight.  Folks are critical because Qhorin doesn't say out right to Jon, and risking being overheard, "Jon, kill me."  He's already told Jon that it would be really useful to the Brotherhood if he could win Mance's confidence and spy on the Wildling from the "inside."  Everyone watching the show heard him and say this and heard Jon say something along the lines, "They'll never trust me."  And what did Qhorin say in response?  I forget his exact words but his meaning was clear, as was the implication.
Jon knows very well that Qhorin has attacked him precisely so that Jon will kill him and thus win Mance's trust.  Jon knows that. Qhorin knows that.  The viewers know that.  It doesn't have to be stated any more explicitly.  It's absolutely clear.   Jon doesn't act in anger or confusion.  He knows exactly what Qhorin wants him to do.  He just doesn't want to do it.
And if it's not 99.99% clear to some viewers ... well, it is the season finale ... so let the viewers wonder and return to season 3 to find out exactly what is going on.  But let's stop the nonsense that Jon's story has been ruined because Qhorin didn't command Jon, directly, explicitly, unambiguously, to kill him.  I mean really.
2645	Hear me Meow	2012-06-10	Egads!  Let me get this straight.  Folks are critical because Qhorin doesn't say out right to Jon, and risking being overheard, "Jon, kill me."  He's already told Jon that it would be really useful to the Brotherhood if he could win Mance's confidence and spy on the Wildling from the "inside."  Everyone watching the show heard him and say this and heard Jon say something along the lines, "They'll never trust me."  And what did Qhorin say in response?  I forget his exact words but his meaning was clear, as was the implication.Jon knows very well that Qhorin has attacked him precisely so that Jon will kill him and thus win Mance's trust.  Jon knows that. Qhorin knows that.  The viewers know that.  It doesn't have to be stated any more explicitly.  It's absolutely clear.   Jon doesn't act in anger or confusion.  He knows exactly what Qhorin wants him to do.  He just doesn't want to do it.And if it's not 99.99% clear to some viewers ... well, it is the season finale ... so let the viewers wonder and return to season 3 to find out exactly what is going on.  But let's stop the nonsense that Jon's story has been ruined because Qhorin didn't command Jon, directly, explicitly, unambiguously, to kill him.  I mean really.Well, Alan Taylor, Simon Armstrong and co seem to disagree. Anyway, Jon Show doesn't know Qhorin wants him to kill him after that conversation.
2646	Ghost Rider	2012-06-11	snip quotes of the interviewSeems like he didn't only misinterprete Jon Snow, but Ned Stark as well. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Ned Stark fathering an illegitimate son? Not in my book. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />;)/wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> And I also didn't read Ned Stark as being about power so much... Anyway, more grievous are his misconceptions about Jon because imho they directly lead to the ehm... different... portrayal of Jon Snow in the show to the point where I don't recognize the character anymore.Book!Jon pretty obviously is a smart kid, able to make decisions on the spot. Jon Show... oh well, is generally incompetent, stupid and a waste of space. I've argued last season already that the aging up of characters such as Jon and Robb would do them no favours as characters because their mistakes in the beginning of the series usually come from youthful naivety. And while aging up to 17 years old doesn't seem that much, it is when that supposed 17year old is played by a mid20s guy and I just don't buy them being still teenagers. If anything they should have made the character smarter due to aging up, he should be more experienced because of it, instead he's dumbed down.Because of this they need to dumb down other characters like the Wildlings as well to "explain" why they would take Jon in. And if Ygritte really knows what Jon and Qhorin had planned and doesn't tell on them, she's a traitor to her people. Book!Ygritte would rather have knived down Jon!Anyway, I really don't think the problem is in the final fight alone. The problem is in the overall set up to the fight, which btw from a pure TV viewpoint lacked suspense and drama for me because I really cared nothing for the characters involved.
2647	Sanette	2012-06-11	Seems like he didn't only misinterprete Jon Snow, but Ned Stark as well. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Ned Stark fathering an illegitimate son? Not in my book. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> And I also didn't read Ned Stark as being about power so much... Anyway, more grievous are his misconceptions about Jon because imho they directly lead to the ehm... different... portrayal of Jon Snow in the show to the point where I don't recognize the character anymore.Book!Jon pretty obviously is a smart kid, able to make decisions on the spot. Jon Show... oh well, is generally incompetent, stupid and a waste of space. I've argued last season already that the aging up of characters such as Jon and Robb would do them no favours as characters because their mistakes in the beginning of the series usually come from youthful naivety. And while aging up to 17 years old doesn't seem that much, it is when that supposed 17year old is played by a mid20s guy and I just don't buy them being still teenagers. If anything they should have made the character smarter due to aging up, he should be more experienced because of it, instead he's dumbed down.Because of this they need to dumb down other characters like the Wildlings as well to "explain" why they would take Jon in. And if Ygritte really knows what Jon and Qhorin had planned and doesn't tell on them, she's a traitor to her people. Book!Ygritte would rather have knived down Jon!Anyway, I really don't think the problem is in the final fight alone. The problem is in the overall set up to the fight, which btw from a pure TV viewpoint lacked suspense and drama for me because I really cared nothing for the characters involved.I actually agree with this. (And with you Procopius. That interview annoyed me too. I don't even remember he was so out of line.) I'm not trying to defend him (not anymore lol), I just don't think it was his decision alone. They dumbed down most of the characters this season which means that it was a conscious decision made by the writers. They are the people in charge and they should've told him something. And since they didn't, they obviously agree with his point of view.Ned did father an illegitimate child though. At least in everyone else's eyes, so he's not wrong. Jon's changed character is one of many factors that killed his story arc this season. If they did that part with Qhorin right then some of the damage could have been undone. Unfortunately, they did everything wrong.
2648	Mulled Wino	2012-06-11	I know we did but I'm starting to understand his point of view.Because if he's talking about Jon Show then he's right, isn't he? Jon Show is dumb and impulsive and less noble than Book!Jon. Now I would like to know if he knows that he's playing a different character and if he agrees with how the writers adapt his storyline and character. I just hope they'll stay closer to the book next season.This is absolutely correct, im just interested which came first.. Was this how D&D wanted his to portray Jon Show or is this Kit's interpretation?
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 11 June 2012 - 05:37 PM.
2649	Mulled Wino	2012-06-11	Egads!  Let me get this straight.  Folks are critical because Qhorin doesn't say out right to Jon, and risking being overheard, "Jon, kill me."  He's already told Jon that it would be really useful to the Brotherhood if he could win Mance's confidence and spy on the Wildling from the "inside."  Everyone watching the show heard him and say this and heard Jon say something along the lines, "They'll never trust me."  And what did Qhorin say in response?  I forget his exact words but his meaning was clear, as was the implication.Jon knows very well that Qhorin has attacked him precisely so that Jon will kill him and thus win Mance's trust.  Jon knows that. Qhorin knows that.  The viewers know that.  It doesn't have to be stated any more explicitly.  It's absolutely clear.   Jon doesn't act in anger or confusion.  He knows exactly what Qhorin wants him to do.  He just doesn't want to do it.And if it's not 99.99% clear to some viewers ... well, it is the season finale ... so let the viewers wonder and return to season 3 to find out exactly what is going on.  But let's stop the nonsense that Jon's story has been ruined because Qhorin didn't command Jon, directly, explicitly, unambiguously, to kill him.  I mean really.Its a lot more than this.  Why would the wildlings just accept jon?  He hasnt't renounced anything, he just had a fight with Qh cuz qh talked bad about his mom.  All the sudden they just freed him.Jon's story was ruined because of every single scene he was in this season.  The changes served to weaken his character and invalidate all of the growing up he did last season.   His entire arc this season makes zero sense.  Why would QH allow Jon Show to join his elite ranging force when he had to beg and Mormont clowns him in front of everyone?  Why would they lose Jon?  They just took off over the ridge and forgot about him? I could go on and on and on...
2650	SerMixalot	2012-06-11	For me the whole Jon arc in Season 2 let alone the QH part was just plain wrong from beginning to end.  I actually get that QH ordered Jon to do something, but what that something is, is open to debate, creating problems for Jon in the future (even from a self justification standpoint, will he truly believe QH was ordering  him to kill him and join the wildings, turn his cloak all without an explicit order?)
I can see that D&D attempted to put those orders in the series, but the fact that they are open to question creates a HUGE problem for Jon coming up, given the extremity of the NW oath. 
For example, try NOT turning your cloak, stay as a prisoner, get intel and escape! could fall under the same communication presented in the TV series.
I've said it before and I will say it again, D&D have communicated a motivation for Jon that simply is 180 degrees from book Jon.  They believe Jon is seeking a father figure and clearly that characterization has transcended season 2.  And I believe that it is a completely wrong interpretation and the basis for all the problems Jon's arc has.  That father figure seeking impacted his interactions with Caster, Mormont and QH throughout the series.  Are we believe that these travails have trained, have matured, have taught Jon how to be a leader?  Can Show Jon justify his actions over the next two seasons?  i.e will he be man enough to spar mentally with Mance, escape the raiders, defend against the Thenns, defend the wall against the wildings, stand up to Slynt, stand up to Stannis and Melisandre?  NO WAY
And how stupid are the Wildings.  Jon hasnt even indicated a desire to turn his cloak.  Why should Rattleshirt be handing him a sword?
2651	SerMixalot	2012-06-11	on the D&D perspective Jon, they have stated Jon was seeking a father figure and that has decided so muc of his actions the 2nd season.  But lets look at the facts both of book and show jon
Ned-taught him about honor and duty
Ser Rodrik-taught him about the sword, respect for arms, understanding his limits and potential
Maester Luwin-educated him on history and westeros
that is the raw material that went to the NW.  IT was established in Season 1 (and true to teh books) that Jon was naive and confused over his place in the world.
Through season 1 he lost his naivete, he learned hw to treat his fellow recruits.  Mormont making him his steward gave Jon the understanding of where he stood in the world.  By the start of Season 2, Jon was ready for greatness.  He worked his way through the early parts of Book 2 with talent and wisdom.  He did not need to learn from a father figure, he knew what he was, and he knew what he had to do.
He handled Craster with ability and diplomacy (getting Sam out of his bind with Gilly).  He served Mormont fine.  He does his duties well and finds time to find the dragonglass.  This is the story of a highly competent young leader of men.
QH asked him to come with him, Jon doesnt have to ask for the position, cause he knows who he is and what he is.  WHen given the opportunity (is asked if he wants to go) he says yes, that is a huge difference from seeking the assignment, which show jon is not ready for.
i guess D&D will have him killing QH as some sort of defining moment where he has become the leader of men he is supposed to be.  But their execution is so poorly done.  Looking at the interaction with QH leading up to the fight and the fight itself should only result in an undermining of Jon's belief structure and especially in his belief in himself.  The lack of clearly defined orders SHOULD lead a young man in his circumstances to doubt himself tremendously and leave him no foundation to hold onto as he goes through his next trials.  Yes book Jon expresses doubts but he ALWAYS has the foundation of orders to fall back on.  that anchor to who he is. 
I find it completely unbelievable that Jon will be able to emerge from his time with the WIldings with the self confidence to do what he will end up doing.
2652	Mulled Wino	2012-06-11	on the D&D perspective Jon, they have stated Jon was seeking a father figure and that has decided so muc of his actions the 2nd season.  But lets look at the facts both of book and show jonNed-taught him about honor and dutySer Rodrik-taught him about the sword, respect for arms, understanding his limits and potentialMaester Luwin-educated him on history and westerosthat is the raw material that went to the NW.  IT was established in Season 1 (and true to teh books) that Jon was naive and confused over his place in the world.Through season 1 he lost his naivete, he learned hw to treat his fellow recruits.  Mormont making him his steward gave Jon the understanding of where he stood in the world.  By the start of Season 2, Jon was ready for greatness.  He worked his way through the early parts of Book 2 with talent and wisdom.  He did not need to learn from a father figure, he knew what he was, and he knew what he had to do.He handled Craster with ability and diplomacy (getting Sam out of his bind with Gilly).  He served Mormont fine.  He does his duties well and finds time to find the dragonglass.  This is the story of a highly competent young leader of men.QH asked him to come with him, Jon doesnt have to ask for the position, cause he knows who he is and what he is.  WHen given the opportunity (is asked if he wants to go) he says yes, that is a huge difference from seeking the assignment, which show jon is not ready for.i guess D&D will have him killing QH as some sort of defining moment where he has become the leader of men he is supposed to be.  But their execution is so poorly done.  Looking at the interaction with QH leading up to the fight and the fight itself should only result in an undermining of Jon's belief structure and especially in his belief in himself.  The lack of clearly defined orders SHOULD lead a young man in his circumstances to doubt himself tremendously and leave him no foundation to hold onto as he goes through his next trials.  Yes book Jon expresses doubts but he ALWAYS has the foundation of orders to fall back on.  that anchor to who he is. I find it completely unbelievable that Jon will be able to emerge from his time with the WIldings with the self confidence to do what he will end up doing.Jon did a more than admirable job on his mission with QH and his crew as well...not so much on the show.Furthermore, this isnt even considering Jon Snow's ace in the hole.....
2653	Sanette	2012-06-12	This is absolutely correct, im just interested which came first.. Was this how D&D wanted his to portray Jon Show or is this Kit's interpretation?The scripts are written first so that leads me to believe that DnD are the root of all evil. I remember Kit saying at the start of S2 that he's trying to stay as true to book!Jon as possible. Then in that WSJ interview he says that he knows he drifted from the book and that: "There were changes I had to make to fit that within who he is in my head. There are certain things that he has to compromise in our series that he doesn't in the book and that changes him fundamentally as a character". And that probably answers my question regarding his knowledge of the changes. But that doesn't mean he didn't have a hand in making them, I guess. The changes are really significant and I'm not sure they can connect Jon Show from S2 with Jon Snow from ASoS. How can they do it without changing him even more or his character's development looking contrived? Well, it's their mess and they have to clean it up.
2654	If It Please	2012-06-12	all we really needed was a subtle wink from Qhorin after Jon broke his sword, a little head nod from Jon, and we wouldn't be having this discussion.
that's just my vote for more winks and head nods in future seasons.
2655	SerMixalot	2012-06-12	all we really needed was a subtle wink from Qhorin after Jon broke his sword, a little head nod from Jon, and we wouldn't be having this discussion.that's just my vote for more winks and head nods in future seasons.look at the mileage arya got out of a shrug, replaced the entire weasel soup episode!
2656	Pugsley	2012-06-12	all we really needed was a subtle wink from Qhorin after Jon broke his sword, a little head nod from Jon, and we wouldn't be having this discussion.that's just my vote for more winks and head nods in future seasons.I find myself wondering if they're being intentionally ambiguous with Jon's motivation in order to create a Snape-type situation in which the viewer has to guess whether Jon's a turncloak or not. Maybe the producers think that making us question Jon's true loyalties will improve his S3 journey? Who knows.A scene in S3 in which it is clarified that Jon knew what was happening during the fight, as contrived as that might be, might be one way to correct Jon's present course. Though frankly, Jon's been portrayed as so dim-witted during S2 that I would be very surprised he'd be capable of "pretending" to kill Quorin out of anger.
2657	VivaVictarion2	2012-06-13	My two cents:
What the HBO folks did with Jon's arc and his relationship with the Halfhand was absolutely shamefull...yet another example that they (exce. producers) are not (maybe never were) true fans of ASoIaF.
2658	If It Please	2012-06-14	I find myself wondering if they're being intentionally ambiguous with Jon's motivation in order to create a Snape-type situation in which the viewer has to guess whether Jon's a turncloak or not. Maybe the producers think that making us question Jon's true loyalties will improve his S3 journey? Who knows.A scene in S3 in which it is clarified that Jon knew what was happening during the fight, as contrived as that might be, might be one way to correct Jon's present course. Though frankly, Jon's been portrayed as so dim-witted during S2 that I would be very surprised he'd be capable of "pretending" to kill Quorin out of anger.Yeah tough to say. I've successfully detached myself from the show so I don't get too upset with the arguable blunders. I just go with it at this point. Every once in awhile the writers and producers surprise me and there's something in an episode of S2 that's actually well conceived/written/executed.Cheers to those scenes!
2659	Ghost Rider	2012-06-15	My two cents:What the HBO folks did with Jon's arc and his relationship with the Halfhand was absolutely shamefull...yet another example that they (exce. producers) are not (maybe never were) true fans of ASoIaF.Yeah, it seems obvious now from the quotes upthread that they completely misunderstood the character. The world-building is lacking as well (Talisa wedding, Wildlings accepting a weakling Jon), but oh well, it's only a show...
2660	VivaElRayoSenor	2012-07-29	I realize I'm late in joining the discussion, but I just finished Season 2 yesterday.  For what it's worth, I thought the episode made Jon look like a complete deserter/oathbreaker.  What makes me furious is how out of character this is for a boy who was raised by NED STARK and following in the footsteps of Uncle Ben Jen.  It's just not the Stark way!
I wish there had been some dialogue between Jon and the Halfhand.  In fact, I was waiting for it, right up until the part where their faces came close together while they were fighting, I thought, "This has to be it," but nothing!  The scene could have been so much more dramatic and emotional if the writers had been slightly more demonstrative, if the viewers had felt that Jon had his back to the wall and would only kill the Halfhand because it was critical to their mutual cause.  Instead, it appeared to viewers that they were fighting as enemies.  As for Jon's motivation for joining the wildings...some might conclude that he, sadly, deserted the Night's Watch because he liked a girl...Bros before hos, Jon!!!  Aaahh so frustrating!
2661	Sandor's Hound	2012-07-30	I saw the show first before reading the book, and I quickly understood what was happening. It was kinda explained in the past episode as to why the Halfhand did what he did. He asked Ygritte what the Wildlings would do to him, Ygritte said killing him was the kindest thing they could do or something along that line. So they were probably gonna torture him. The Halfhand would rather die. He told Jon to act as their spy and that they would gain their trust if he did what needed to be done. He pushed him. Next episode, he attacks Jon. They duel, Jon kills him, and the whole thing was explained when the Halfhand said, "We are the Watchers on the Wall".
					
					
							Edited by Lord Castamere, 30 July 2012 - 07:28 AM.
2662	Hear me Meow	2012-07-30	It was kinda explained in the past episode as to why the Halfhand did what he did. He asked Ygritte what the Wildlings would do to him, Ygritte said killing him was the kindest thing they could do or something along that line. So they were probably gonna torture him. The Halfhand would rather die. He told Jon to act as their spy and that they would gain their trust if he did what needed to be done. He pushed him. Next episode, he attacks Jon. They duel, Jon kills him, and the whole thing was explained when the Halfhand said, "We are the Watchers on the Wall".Everyone understood what Qhorin was up to. When did you think Jon cottoned onto the plan though?
2663	Sandor's Hound	2012-07-30	When the Halfhand said "We are the Watchers on the Wall".
2664	Hear me Meow	2012-07-30	When the Halfhand said"We are the Watchers on the Wall".RIGHT, so you think Jon's a murderer who who killed Qhorin in anger. That's what annoyed people. We all understood Qhorin's plan, it was, as you say, made perfectly clear in the earlier episodes.
2665	Khal Drogo's Mighty Thighs	2012-07-30	Er Jon Snow is not Rhaegar and Lyanna's secret child. Mormont's raven adamantly insisted that Jon was corn.
2666	Sandor's Hound	2012-07-31	Was the Raven even in the show?
2667	Hear me Meow	2012-07-31	Was the Raven even in the show?No, it wasn't. So the election might be a bit different.
2668	Aemrys	2012-07-31	The main problem with the whole Qhorin & Jon arc was that they had so little time together. Although brief, Qhorin did say that Jon needed to infiltrate the wildlings and would succeed in it if he did what needed to be done. However they ruined the fight and thus hurt Qhorin's reputation as an incredible fighter when they made Jon win without Ghost's help. But this is all about budget, so we just have to accept it although it sucks for Qhorin. It will really look weird if Mance questions how Jon could have possibly beat Qhorin like he did in the books. I guess they will just remove that question.
A complication with Jon's storyline, much as Sansa's, is that Jon's whole infiltration arc, both pre, during and post, is heavily dependent on inner dialogue. His has inner conflicts all the time, and it really hurt his arc in the show.
2669	Sandor's Hound	2012-08-01	The writers of the show are going to have a hard time...
2670	Volantis	2012-09-28	That's not what happened at all.  - Qhorin tells Jon that one crow in Mances army is worth how ever many outside.- Jon tells Qhorin that they'll never trust him.- Qhorin tells Jon that they will if he does what needs to be done and then pushes him down screaming that he's a traitor.- Qhorin attacks Jon all the while calling him a turn cloak/traitor/etc.- Jon does as Qhorin instructed.  He did what needed to be done.Just because Qhorin didn't say "Kill me Jon" doesn't mean it wasn't heavily imply that he wanted Jon to do something extreme in order to get in with the wildlings.   It was obvious that Jon knew what Qhorin was doing.Problem is they whispered so quietly and subtly that none of the wildlings could hear. Unfortunately neither could the audience.
2671	Volantis	2012-09-28	The question is what did they really gain by changing it?  Other than cutting Ghost, they could have stuck to the original storyline with roughly the same amount of screen time and budget.Have Ygritte escape Jon rather than be recaptured.  Jon meets back up with Qhorin who tells him that the other rangers were killed by wildlings.  Have Qhorin tell Jon that he must do anything asked of him talk.  Move the fight up before episode 9, and then move Jon and Ygritte walking thru the snow together as fellow wildlings rather than as prisoners for their "bonding" moments this episode and still end with them looking down on the camp about to go meet Mance. What the hell is wrong with these writers? Jon Ygritte have plenty time to bond next season if they are splitting the book.
2672	bringerofhope	2012-10-28	I had to explain to my non-reader wife that Half-hand wanted him to do it.  Acutally I prefaced her for it so she knew what to look for and could understand the plot better.  The way it was presented on its own was not enough to portray was intended.
2673	lannistergold	2013-02-28	Yeah, if I hadn't read the book shortly beforehand, it would have just looked like Qhorin having a tantrum and getting iced for it. I certainly didn't pick up any hints in the show that he was doing what he did in the books (sacrificing himself so that Jon can earn the wildlings' trust) - I'm glad I'm not the only one.
2674	Blutrabe	2013-03-13	I have just rewatched the episode. I must confess that I don't have the blue ray, so I only have the torrented version at my disposal. The scene where Qhorin tells Jon that he must do what has to be done to gain the wildlings' trust (the one they briefly showed in the S2 recap) IS NOT THERE. It's missing.
Was it cut from some airings or what? Could it be that the people who understood Qhorin's behaviour and those who didn't simply watched two different versions of the episode?!
2675	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-14	I have just rewatched the episode. I must confess that I don't have the blue ray, so I only have the torrented version at my disposal. The scene where Qhorin tells Jon that he must do what has to be done to gain the wildlings' trust (the one they briefly showed in the S2 recap) IS NOT THERE. It's missing.Was it cut from some airings or what? Could it be that the people who understood Qhorin's behaviour and those who didn't simply watched two different versions of the episode?!He hints on that in Ep8, cause from Ep10 you wouldnt know what the hell is happening.But still, it wasnt well done.
2676	Blutrabe	2013-03-14	He hints on that in Ep8, cause from Ep10 you wouldnt know what the hell is happening.But still, it wasnt well done.That's not what I was talking about. I want to know what the hell happened to that scene.
2677	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	It seems he is a eunuch in the show fore sure now, but is this canon. There are so many theorys that he isn't in the books. What do you think?
2678	RedRum	2012-06-04	http://en.wikipedia....wiki/Cache-sexe
2679	drigoly	2012-06-04	He is an eunuch, or he would try to take westeros by himself rather then by supporting aegon, if he (Varys)realy is a blackfire, that's my opinion.
2680	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	http://en.wikipedia....wiki/Cache-sexeI don't find this answer very satisfying, sorry
2681	Karmaimps	2012-06-04	His disposition against magic is caused by trauma caused be having his manhood taken from him(by someone attempting to preform magic) and hearing voices during the process. Now we know for sure that he is a eunuch, I wonder if this will come into play later in the books or HBO adaption.
					
					
							Edited by Karmaimps, 04 June 2012 - 10:26 AM.
2682	Crown	2012-06-04	I never even thought it could be a possibility that he isn't a eunuch.
2683	SwordOfTheEvening	2012-06-04	GRRM has said in interviews that the only thing that is canon are the novels and the dunk and egg novellas.  I believe I heard him say this in his TIFF interview.
2684	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	He is an eunuch, or he would try to take westeros by himself rather then by supporting aegon, if he (Varys)realy is a blackfire, that's my opinion. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />And that's the main reason why I never could quite understand the theories claiming that he isn't an eunuch; there's nothing in the novels pointing in that direction that can't be explained in a more satisfying manner, and, well, I quite support Cersei's claim that if he wasn't an eunuch he wouldn't be so dangerous, so...
2685	The Last Reyne	2012-06-05	I have to say that there is no reason to believe he is not a eunuch and a few as stated above that he is.
2686	ghost the direwolf	2012-06-05	@ palleon
Please do not take anything from the Tv serie as canon. We will never get  spoilers from tv series about the books.
2687	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />And that's the main reason why I never could quite understand the theories claiming that he isn't an eunuch; there's nothing in the novels pointing in that direction that can't be explained in a more satisfying manner, and, well, I quite support Cersei's claim that if he wasn't an eunuch he wouldn't be so dangerous, so...then why all the insinuation of sexual relations with little boys?  If he were a eunuch  I believe that would no longer be an optioin
2688	Clariana	2012-06-05	Uh, you may not believe this but it is possible to have sex without a cock and balls...
2689	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	Uh, you may not believe this but it is possible to have sex without a cock and balls...Yes, but not in the way that anyone on this board is most likely thinking...unless...
2690	Zappotack	2012-06-05	Only related to the tread title but its a small point. Varys said something along the line of "but we will not forget". Who's we, him and Podrick? Also after is Shae suggesting going to Pentos, also where Varys good friend lives...
2691	Hear Us Roar	2012-06-05	he is a eunuch, no need to get in to conspicracy theories about everything.
2692	Nebmai	2012-06-05	There hasn't really been an indication he is not a eunuch, only the crowd that likes to tickle their brains by questioning everything they can have really talked about this.
2693	Wun Wun's Wife	2013-01-06	Just watched this episode for like the 4th time or so and my thought is that Varys was trying to use Shae to get Tyrion to go to Pentos... which would thus save Tyrion a lot of trouble (forgive me I haven't figured out how to do the hide spoilers thing yet/have had a few too many drinks to care to figure it out prior to posting plus someone else eluded to the same thing).
2694	lannistergold	2013-03-01	I think Ros sized him up well enough.
2695	JoePescisBoss	2013-03-10	If Ros thinks he is an eunuch, than he is one. She would know.
I dont understand this discussion at all.
I dont know about you, but Varys is in my TOP 3 of favorite characters.
2696	teemo	2012-06-04	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-10 (it's over)Stats for this episode:Average length of a scene - 3:51 (it was 3:17 last week)Longest scene - House of the Undying (8:12), followed by Theon @ Winterfell (7:27)Most screen-time overall - Daenerys Targaryen (13:22)Tyrion Lannister - 91:63Arya Stark - 59:38Cersei Lannister - 56:39Daenerys Targaryen - 53:24Theon Greyjoy - 49:22Jon Snow - 47:36Sansa Stark - 45:31Varys - 41:10Catelyn Stark - 36:44Joffrey Baratheon - 34:47Robb Stark - 34:42Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 33:57Davos Seaworth - 32:50Brienne Tarth - 32:06Sandor Clegane/The Hound - 30:20Stannis Baratheon - 29:39Tywin Lannister - 25:45Bran Stark - 24:09Jaime Lannister - 22:49Melisandre - 22:05Gendry - 22:05Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 21:21Renly Baratheon - 20:43Samwell Tarly - 20:09Shae - 20:05Grand Maester Pycelle - 17:02Margaery Tyrell - 15:52Ros - 15:28Loras Tyrell - 14:19Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 12:02Balon Greyjoy - 7:34Roose Bolton - 6:08
							Edited by hk47, 05 June 2012 - 09:19 AM.
2697	teemo	2012-06-05	Sorry for all of the errors on the post - fixed it
2698	KingWolf	2012-06-05	I am annoyed that Ros got more screen time then Roose, one of my favorite bad guys in the book. I would have liked to have seen more of Roose and his houses history.
2699	teemo	2012-06-05	Yeah, I was also hoping to see a lot more Roose /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  He's one of my favorite characters in the show at the moment.
2700	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	Next season for sure Roose will feature more prominently!
2701	gogorath	2012-06-05	Thanks!
2702	Jory	2012-06-05	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-10 (it's over)Stats for this episode:Average length of a scene - 3:51 (it was 3:17 last week)Longest scene - House of the Undying (8:12), followed by Theon @ Winterfell (7:27)Most screen-time overall - Daenerys Targaryen (13:22)Tyrion Lannister - 91:63Arya Stark - 59:38Cersei Lannister - 56:39Daenerys Targaryen - 53:24Theon Greyjoy - 49:22Jon Snow - 47:36Sansa Stark - 45:31Varys - 41:10Catelyn Stark - 36:44Joffrey Baratheon - 34:47Robb Stark - 34:42Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 33:57Davos Seaworth - 32:50Brienne Tarth - 32:06Sandor Clegane/The Hound - 30:20Stannis Baratheon - 29:39Tywin Lannister - 25:45Bran Stark - 24:09Jaime Lannister - 22:49Melisandre - 22:05Gendry - 22:05Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 21:21Renly Baratheon - 20:43Samwell Tarly - 20:09Shae - 20:05Grand Maester Pycelle - 17:02Margaery Tyrell - 15:52Ros - 15:28Loras Tyrell - 14:19Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 12:02Balon Greyjoy - 7:34Roose Bolton - 6:08I bolded the people I thought got too much screentime. Dany and Robb, especially, who are basically the "YOUNG BADASS ADULT" walking cliches on the show. Yeesh, Dany really did not need that much for what actually happened in her story.
2703	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	What they really should have done is split Dany's 53 minutes into 3 parts, and feature her in only 3 episodes, same with Jon.
2704	Kittykatknits	2012-06-05	What they really should have done is split Dany's 53 minutes into 3 parts, and feature her in only 3 episodes, same with Jon.Yeah, they could have done fewer scenes, but made them longer. It could have made for a much stronger story. The HotU was awkward in part because it was so short, I think.
2705	Kittykatknits	2012-06-05	I think these number look pretty close to where they should be after the end of the season. Still bugs me that Ros is on the list at all. I just want her to go away.
2706	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-05	Parroting on with the Roose love. I think McElhatton nailed what little he had to work with in his scenes.
2707	Stannis is the Mannis	2012-06-05	Stannis having less screen time than Brienne, Littlefinger, and the Hound (among others) is pretty sad. Renly died fairly early in the season and Stannis still only mustered up about ten more minutes in screen time than him. Love him or .hate him, Stannis is a big part of the second book and I don't think they spent nearly enough time on him.
Thank you for this project, very interesting.
2708	Jory	2012-06-05	Stannis having less screen time than Brienne, Littlefinger, and the Hound (among others) is pretty sad. Renly died fairly early in the season and Stannis still only mustered up about ten more minutes in screen time than him. Love him or .hate him, Stannis is a big part of the second book and I don't think they spent nearly enough time on him.Thank you for this project, very interesting.To be fair, Stannis was mostly absent in the book, too - it's just that in the book, his scenes were an awful lot more meaningful than what we got. Every single line I wanted Stannis to say was cut. Every last one of them.
2709	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	I wish Bran would be higher on the list, but there was really not much to do for him this season because there were no Reed children.I bolded the people I thought got too much screentime. Dany and Robb, especially, who are basically the "YOUNG BADASS ADULT" walking cliches on the show. Yeesh, Dany really did not need that much for what actually happened in her story.I agree that they wanted to make them, as you put it, YOUNG BADASS ADULT, and I do not think it is much of a problem in itself. The problem is, particularly with Robb's story, that what they did was not that interesting.I think these number look pretty close to where they should be after the end of the season. Still bugs me that Ros is on the list at all. I just want her to go away./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2710	Davos55	2012-06-05	hk47 Thank you so much for doing this all season!! We truly appreciate it, and this is very insightful and interesting to see! I applaud your hard work and hope you are up for the task again next season! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Dany had too much time for sure..In the novel she had 4 chapters. If they wanted that much time for her, I wish her scenes would have been much better developed and similar to the novel.
Roose Bolton: 6:08..the lowest screen time of all the characters on the whole list..that is an absolute shame!! He was great...I would have liked to have seen him in the finale at some point. He was in the recap before the episode after all!!
Also wish Davos had some more time!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 05 June 2012 - 06:33 PM.
2711	Sanette	2012-06-05	Thanks for doing this!
I'm really interested in how this will look next season. If Tyrion is still on the top then D & D really have their favourites. Since Jon has the most chapters in ASoS I expect him to be on the top or at least second or third.
2712	Serr Parker	2012-06-05	Tyrion half an hour more than anyone else? That's what awards do for you I guess
Would have liked to see how much Bronn was in, some of the most memorable quotes from him but thanks for doing this
2713	sumpthy	2012-06-05	Tyrion at the top isn't really a surprise is it? He had the lion's share of the chapters in A Clash of Kings.
2714	Serr Parker	2012-06-05	Tyrion at the top isn't really a surprise is it? He had the lion's share of the chapters in A Clash of Kings.Ba dum tss
2715	DurararaFTW	2012-06-05	Wold've liked to see how Bra stacked up against Osha.
2716	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	That is a ridiculous amount of screen time for Dany given the material she has in the books.  Other than that I see no major problems with the list. 
I certainly think that Roose and the Tyrells will be much higher on that list next year, as they should be.
2717	Kittykatknits	2012-06-05	Every single line I wanted Stannis to say was cut. Every last one of them.I feel the same way about Sandor Clegane.Also, I would expect (hope) that Tyrion's total time will go down next season. Dinklage was great but I felt, especially in the last few episodes, that there is to much of a good thing.And hk47, a huge thank you for doing this! I've looked in to these threads after each episode to see if the character times match what I think they should be. I can not imagine how much work you put in to this.
2718	joey29	2012-06-05	Osha clocks in at 18:05, between Shae and Pycelle. She should have been a regular! Bronn, Lancel, Luwin, Pyatt, Talisa, Ygritte, and Jorah are also noticeable absentees.
2719	Reposado	2012-06-05	Osha clocks in at 18:05, between Shae and Pycelle. She should have been a regular! Bronn, Lancel, Luwin, Pyatt, Talisa, Ygritte, and Jorah are also noticeable absentees.if two pyatts are on screen, does this count double?
2720	teemo	2012-06-06	Osha clocks in at 18:05, between Shae and Pycelle. She should have been a regular! Bronn, Lancel, Luwin, Pyatt, Talisa, Ygritte, and Jorah are also noticeable absentees.I'll probably go back when I get bored one day and do the rest.  At times it was a little overwhelming.  Jorah is basically Dany minus 10 minutes or so.  I did some these by request (Xaro, Gendry), so I can do more.  So far I have for requests:BronnLancelLuwinPyattOshaTalisaYgritteJorahRickonAnyone else?
2721	dreamcatcher	2012-06-06	The fact that Theon has more screen time than Jon Snow really bothers me. I love Alfie, but come on.
2722	gogorath	2012-06-06	The fact that Theon has more screen time than Jon Snow really bothers me. I love Alfie, but come on.Theon's story is much more compelling than Jon's in aCoK/Season 2.  And it's much more HBO.  Jon's is like a third of a coming of age arc.
2723	TeamDanyArya	2012-06-07	I'll probably go back when I get bored one day and do the rest.  At times it was a little overwhelming.  Jorah is basically Dany minus 10 minutes or so.  I did some these by request (Xaro, Gendry), so I can do more.  So far I have for requests:BronnLancelLuwinPyattOshaTalisaYgritteJorahRickonAnyone else?HODOR
2724	Fat Mac	2012-06-07	I'll probably go back when I get bored one day and do the rest.  At times it was a little overwhelming.  Jorah is basically Dany minus 10 minutes or so.  I did some these by request (Xaro, Gendry), so I can do more.  So far I have for requests:BronnLancelLuwinPyattOshaTalisaYgritteJorahRickonAnyone else?I dont know, but if you ever felt like it, maybe it would be cool to do Direwolf screen time. I know it wouldn't be that much, but I still think it'd be cool.
2725	Thunderfist	2012-06-07	I dont know, but if you ever felt like it, maybe it would be cool to do Direwolf screen time. I know it wouldn't be that much, but I still think it'd be cool.These are estimatesGhost: 1 minGrey Wind: 2 minSummer: 1 minShaggydog: 1 min
2726	Buckwheat	2012-06-07	These are estimatesGhost: 1 minGrey Wind: 2 minSummer: 1 minShaggydog: 1 minWhy so much for Greywind? I think Summer and Shaggy have apperared more ... but, well, their appearances were all very short.
2727	KC_Accidental	2012-06-07	Greywind had 1 scene as far as I recall. Summer and Shaggdog certainly had more appearances but how it all works out screentime wise I don't know.
2728	teemo	2012-06-07	These are estimatesGhost: 1 minGrey Wind: 2 minSummer: 1 minShaggydog: 1 minDon't go overboard with overestimations now, hah /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />And yeah, I'll time the direwolves.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 07 June 2012 - 10:25 AM.
2729	boojam	2012-06-07	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-10 (it's over)Stats for this episode:Average length of a scene - 3:51 (it was 3:17 last week)Longest scene - House of the Undying (8:12), followed by Theon @ Winterfell (7:27)Most screen-time overall - Daenerys Targaryen (13:22)Tyrion Lannister - 91:63Arya Stark - 59:38Cersei Lannister - 56:39Daenerys Targaryen - 53:24Theon Greyjoy - 49:22Jon Snow - 47:36Sansa Stark - 45:31Varys - 41:10Catelyn Stark - 36:44Joffrey Baratheon - 34:47Robb Stark - 34:42Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 33:57Davos Seaworth - 32:50Brienne Tarth - 32:06Sandor Clegane/The Hound - 30:20Stannis Baratheon - 29:39Tywin Lannister - 25:45Bran Stark - 24:09Jaime Lannister - 22:49Melisandre - 22:05Gendry - 22:05Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 21:21Renly Baratheon - 20:43Samwell Tarly - 20:09Shae - 20:05Grand Maester Pycelle - 17:02Margaery Tyrell - 15:52Ros - 15:28Loras Tyrell - 14:19Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 12:02Balon Greyjoy - 7:34Roose Bolton - 6:08It is not odd , how a major plot pivot like Jaqen H'ghar does not even have enough time to make the list?Alas this was true in the novel too.
2730	boojam	2012-06-07	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-10 (it's over)Stats for this episode:Average length of a scene - 3:51 (it was 3:17 last week)Would you say that for 9 of the episodes length of a scene was an average of 4 min. ?Was that even true for Blackwater?
2731	teemo	2012-06-07	More like 3:15.  Even BBW episode was 3:17 I think.
2732	boojam	2012-06-07	More like 3:15.  Even BBW episode was 3:17 I think.See there is a problem right there. Now some of this 3:17 , no a lot, are wasted inventions that go nowhere.But at that clip it's a hell of a problem to edit together unified episodes, this is a problem that needs solving.Well for Blackwater, staying in one location smooths the continuity problem, so I exclude it.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 June 2012 - 09:23 AM.
2733	teemo	2012-06-07	See there is a problem right there. Now some of this 3:17 , no a lot, are wasted inventions that go nowhere.But at that clip it's a hell of a problem to edit together unified episodes, this is a problem that needs solving.Well for Blackwater, staying in one location smooths the continuity problem, so I exclude it.I thought the average scene was going to be a lot longer in Blackwater since it was one big battle, but surprisingly, it wasn't.  It still had the average 3:15 a scene thing going on.
2734	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-06-07	Daenerys got way too much screentime. That really is the one thing that bothers me.
2735	Affcwasmyfavorite	2012-06-07	Yeah I agree, they should have broken up people's appearances in episodes, I feel the show was a little skitzo with all the scene changes this season, I couldn't really keep focused. I vote longer scenes!
2736	Sanette	2012-06-07	Theon's story is much more compelling than Jon's in aCoK/Season 2.  And it's much more HBO.  Jon's is like a third of a coming of age arc.Well, if they sticked to the book in Jon's case then his storyline would be just as compelling. I loved it in the book. A lot of people did. And Jon's arc isn't just about coming of age. He's also fully embracing his duty to the Night's Watch. Let's see how they do with his storyline in Season 3 which should be in many ways Jon's season.
2737	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	Osha clocks in at 18:05, between Shae and Pycelle. She should have been a regular! Bronn, Lancel, Luwin, Pyatt, Talisa, Ygritte, and Jorah are also noticeable absentees.Ned Stark?It is not odd , how a major plot pivot like Jaqen H'ghar does not even have enough time to make the list?Alas this was true in the novel too.A man made an impression though.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 07 June 2012 - 06:56 PM.
2738	boojam	2012-06-07	I thought the average scene was going to be a lot longer in Blackwater since it was one big battle, but surprisingly, it wasn't.  It still had the average 3:15 a scene thing going on.Except everything happens in same geographic location, leaps are yards , not 100snds to 1000snds of miles with a total change in setting.
2739	catelynstark4ever	2013-02-01	I think these number look pretty close to where they should be after the end of the season. Still bugs me that Ros is on the list at all. I just want her to go away.Yup...go away ROS!!! 15 whole minutes of her...Jesus Christ!! Why couldn't they have used that time to flesh out Robb and Catelyn's relationship instead of totally fucking it up???!!!
2740	Raksha the Demon	2013-02-05	I was sick of Ros after Season 1.  I have nothing against the actress, but I see no point in wasting screen time on a character who was non-existent in the novels.   And to continue her story will, I fear, muck up the plotlines even more in Season 3.
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 05 February 2013 - 05:50 AM.
2741	turdle	2012-06-04	C+
now, for reference, i give season 1 a B+.  i don't need the show to be a carbon copy of the books, but i can't help get frustrated when the changes they make hurt the greater story, and by far, that is what most of the changes did.  even the one change that i really did like, theon beheading ser rodrik, doesn't quite add up in that, how did they capture rodrik? where are the men that were with ser rodrik?
but a couple of examples of changes that hurt the story:
1- the shadow
i knew they were going to do this, and at the time, it seemed like an ok thing to do, but combining the two shadows into one was a mistake.  i've mentioned this in other threads, but the order the audience sees a shadow in action, and sees a birth are important because they indicate 2 different things.  in the book, the shadow killing renly is our initiation into the shadow assassins, and the important question the audience has is, "where the hell did that thing come from?"  which is answered later when melisandre gives birth to a second shadow. on the tv show seeing the birth first, the question the audience has is, "what the hell is that thing going to do?"  the answer is, kill renly.  the implication in the book is that melisandre is for real, and that you need to take her seriously. the tv show doesn't have a clear implication, is the shadow still out there? was it only supposed to kill renly?  moreover, the shadows scenes were consecutive, so the setup had an immediate pay off as the start of the very next episode, with no further ramifications.  it's a total deus ex machina to get renly out of the way and nothing more.  and then we're left for like 3 episodes around mid-season with no davos, stannis, or melisandre. why not pace yourself, and have the shadow birth in there instead of shooting your wad at the beginning of the season?
2- jon snow/ygritte
i get it, they want to set up their relationship early so it has more impact later on. ok. but they did it at the expense of jon and qhorin half hand. not only that, but while the jon and ygritte scenes were somewhat amusing, they ultimately didn't go anywhere. it's just them wandering around talking for two episodes, sucking up screen time that could have been better used making qhorin a better, more interesting character than he ended up being.
3- arya's story is a mess
boy what hell arya went through this season, right? well... not exactly. it looked pretty bad at first, but after about episode 4, she had it pretty sweet.  again, i don't need arya to go through exactly what she went through in the book, but hanging out with tywin lanister, exchanging clever banter, is no where near the hell she went through in the book.  do you know who i felt the worst for at the red wedding? arya. after all she had been through to get so close to her mother and brother and then to have them taken away from her... how terrible. but they cut out SO much this season, which really, imo, undermines her character. combining her scenes and smashing bits of her story together might seem like a great idea in the writers room, but THAT'S THE POINT OF HER STORY, that she goes through SO MUCH. cutting away what she goes through HURTS HER STORY, and HURTS HER CHARACTER.
4- complete lack of build up
i acknowledge that acok is a harder book to adapt than agot is, but why on earth would you take acok, which is longer than agot, and try to fit it into a smaller hole. acok in less than a full season? they should have given acok more love. this season was the season of acok bullet points.  no build up, no set up, just get from bullet point to bullet point. why did the citizens of kings landing riot? who knows? i heard non-readers after that episode talking about it like it was a planned attack and not a riot.  there was virtually no sense of dread or foreboding north of the wall. i mean they were already at crasters keep in the first episode, and rather than actually having the NW come across an empty wildling's village, mormont just kind of says it, and it's no big deal, just a bit of a curiosity.  and as great of an episode as blackwater was, the build up to that episode was basically reduced to two scenes in the prior episode where, a- tyrion and bron joke about a maesters name, and b- tyrion, joffrey, and varys start out talking about the coming attack, but end up just talking about how tyrion likes to "play the game."
i get that some changes need to be made for budget purposes and that's totally understandable. but the vast majority of the changes that i and others are bothered by are not a matter of budget, they're a matter of story telling.  having said all that, i do think that, visually, they have done a very good job with all of the fantasy elements.  i think the dire wolves look great, i think the dragons, wights, and white walkers all look cool.  even the things that look different than the way they're depicted in the book, like the shadow, are well done.  and the strength of the underlying story is strong enough to carry this tv show, imo despite the writing.
2742	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	C-
Blackwater rescue this grade
2743	Affcwasmyfavorite	2012-06-04	I regret reading the books during the downtime between Season1 and 2.(Edit: ok not regret I loved the books they were amazing- just wish I could purge the memories for when I watch the show xD)
When I first watched GoT with no knowledge of it ever having existed beforehand I thought it was the most pants-shittingly amazing TV show ever, I gave it a raving A+ and forced all my friends to watch it with me, they two all gave it raving A+s
When Season 2 came around I had finished book 5 and found I was VERY disappointed in this season, I gave the first 8 episodes an "Eh" rating, and was amused by 9 and 10.
I watched 1-9 with my non-reader friends before the Ep10 premier and they still reacted the same way to season 2 as they did one, with blissful pants-shitting excitement while I was left silently brooding over every little thing I thought they did wrong.
But for the joy, drinking and memories this series has sofar brought me and my friends, I give season two another A+
					
					
							Edited by Affcwasmyfavorite, 04 June 2012 - 01:21 PM.
2744	teemo	2012-06-04	Comparing it to last season, I give it an D+ (thanks to Blackwater).  Comparing it to other good shows on television, a B.  Last season was an A.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 01:42 PM.
2745	Fez	2012-06-04	A- (last season was a B+). The only real problem I have is how the show allocates its time; some characters get far too much screen time and others not nearly enough. The result being that some key plot points just seem rushed, and some minor things just drag on for far too long.  Everything else is basically great (though the Others look a bit goofy).
2746	Reposado	2012-06-04	i get that some changes need to be made for budget purposes and that's totally understandable. but the vast majority of the changes that i and others are bothered by are not a matter of budget, they're a matter of story telling.  having said all that, i do think that, visually, they have done a very good job with all of the fantasy elements.  i think the dire wolves look great, i think the dragons, wights, and white walkers all look cool.  even the things that look different than the way they're depicted in the book, like the shadow, are well done.  and the strength of the underlying story is strong enough to carry this tv show, imo despite the writing.I think that most of the problems are because of budget, even if indirectly. They need to cut characters, cut the amount of locations, use sets as much as possible, limit the wolves, etc.I'm guessing part of the problem with Jon Ygritte was that they didn't want to cast the other rangers that are with halfhand. etcit's partially because of budget that they are squeezing it all into ten episodes, which results in the cliff notes style of this season.but yes, the problems with the narrative are legion. you summed up a lot of them, and they've all been discussed a lot.I will agree with your C+. It's a top ten drama on TV but not a top 5. It's very entertaining but you have to squint to avoid all the plotholes.
2747	Djinn	2012-06-04	I'll give it a C. While season 1 was a B + or a A - for me, season 2 was much, much worse, were the episode 9 was a exception, a jewel in a sea of poor writing. Without ep 9 season 2 would have been a D -.
2748	Reposado	2012-06-04	Would you guys PLEASE refrain from watching season 3? I think both the production crew and the non-hysterical fans would be better for it.I JUST. CAN'T. LISTEN. TO. THE. INCESSANT. BITCHING. ANYMORE.In the immortal words of William Shatner: GET A LIFE!Sorry about someone tying you to a chair and forcing you to read this thread.And the production company does need to hear the gripes. I hope they realize that they bit off more than they could chew this year and didn't take enough time in production.
2749	BronnFan	2012-06-04	A - for me.
A lot of people's problems with Season 2 are really only minor quibbles for me.
Thought it was as good as the first season and if it can keep up a similar quality for the rest of its run then I'll be more than happy.
2750	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	This is still the best show on television by a large margin... A+++++++++++++++++++++ from me.
I would rather watch one "bad" episode of GoT than any "good" episode of anything else on television. This does not mean that I don't want to throw my remote control through a wall sometimes while watching it, It just means that overall, my enjoyment with this show is almost boundless. I will actually mourne the day this goes off the air.
2751	turdle	2012-06-04	it's partially because of budget that they are squeezing it all into ten episodes, which results in the cliff notes style of this season.i don't see how it would cost any more for them to have spread acok into the next season. if anything, it should have saved them money because they could have made more use out of the same locations and set pieces and characters instead of flying through them.
2752	Affcwasmyfavorite	2012-06-04	My only real gripe with the entire season this time was I felt like they paced each episode like an episode of House, the first 45minutes is slow and uneventful but as soon as the show hits the "15minutes left" area the show just speeds up and tries to wow you before the credits.
It feels like they spend a solid 5-10minutes on a POV then in the last 15minutes you get 3-5 POVs per5 minutes.
2753	Mark Antony	2012-06-04	agree with all the C grades, i'd give last season an A.
2754	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	C+, the plus being Blackwater and all Arya scenes.
2755	turdle	2012-06-04	Would you guys PLEASE refrain from watching season 3? I think both the production crew and the non-hysterical fans would be better for it.I JUST. CAN'T. LISTEN. TO. THE. INCESSANT. BITCHING. ANYMORE.In the immortal words of William Shatner: GET A LIFE!feel free to explain where i've missed the mark. i'm open to having my mind changed.
2756	Mr Fixit	2012-06-04	Sorry about someone tying you to a chair and forcing you to read this thread.You're right about that one. I really seem to have masochistic tendencies. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Guess I am just disappointed in the endless exaggerations, hyperboles, and wailing. Judging by the so-called "fans", this is one of the worst TV shows in recent memory. It is a silly, overwrought behaviour typical of children when someone takes away their favorite toy.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 04 June 2012 - 01:42 PM.
2757	turdle	2012-06-04	You're right about that one. I really seem to have masochistic tendencies. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Guess I am just disappointed in the endless exaggerations, hyperboles, and wailing. Judging by the so-called "fans", this is one of the worst TV shows in recent memory. It is a silly, overwrought behaviour typical of children when someone takes away their favorite toy.no it's not one of the worst tv shows, it's meerly a frustrating one. it's frustrating to those of us who know what could have been, and i'm less enthusiastic about the show going forward given that the content of acok is not that crazy in terms of battles or fantasy elements (which are the primary burdens on the budget), and asos content is much heavier both in terms of battles and also fantasy, how are they going to be able to pull that off. i hope they do, i hope they pull it together.
2758	WinterWarrior	2012-06-04	I'll give it an A.I thought they did a great job and although it was not exactly what I wished for all of the time, they did a heck of a lot better job than I could have. I respect the artistry, great acting and sticking to the story line as much as possible - but it is not always possible. I love the show for what it is.What would I like to see next season?1) More Direwolf2) More Dragon3) Is she Jeyne Westerling or not?4) As much of Arya as possible.5) Sansa6) The Hound7) Jon Snow8) Any way to kill of Cersei early?
2759	Sad King Billy	2012-06-04	I'd argue that this season was a collection of great scenes that together did not make a coherent and structured narrative. Each episode felt like it stood on its own, with a cliffhanger somewhere in there to foreshadow what will arrive in a next season.
2760	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-06-04	I'll give it a B+.  Last season was a solid A. 
Main demerit this season was the utter bungling of Jon's arc during the 2nd half of the season, pretty inexcusable really.  The resolution of Dany's arc more or less redeemed some mid-season shakiness (although the HotU could have been stronger).
2761	Tadco26	2012-06-04	D (on a grade scale that typically means between 70 to 75 out of 100).
There were lots of really great scenes in almost every episode, but also lots of really questionable changes and plenty of bad scenes even disregarding the books.  Blackwater was awesome, but I have no real desire to watch any of the other episodes again any time soon.
2762	Dracarya	2012-06-04	Would you guys PLEASE refrain from watching season 3? I think both the production crew and the non-hysterical fans would be better for it.I JUST. CAN'T. LISTEN. TO. THE. INCESSANT. BITCHING. ANYMORE.In the immortal words of William Shatner: GET A LIFE!/ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />You are being unnecessarily rude. Why people presume to be able to speak to people like this online is beyond me. If you do not like the posts, ignore them. They're not hurting you personally. People are free to express their opinions on a matter - just because you don't agree with their opinion, doesn't give you the right to attempt to dictate to them, and be so rude.
2763	Dragon Peppers	2012-06-04	I've been struggling to rank this season and the show as a whole when putting it alongside the handful of TV series I've truly loved over the years. I can still honestly rank GoT among these all-time favorites, though I'm distressed by the show runners' choices in adapting for S2. The show can be a visual feast (and frequently is), the casting is ingenious, and the characters are still capable of *moving* me. All my book lovin' aside, it's the plot holes that ultimately make me wonder if I shouldn't have been such a proselytizer for the show for the last year. It no longer feels transcendent. There are flashes or even threads of excellence -- such as Luwin's final scene or most of Theon's S2 arc. 
After the S2 finale, I'd say the show is just above average. For me it's been weighed down by the *promise* of continued greatness implied by S1 (which earned a solid A grade from me). I had such high hopes for the new season; therefore, incongruous pacing, silly/bizarre plot holes, and inconsistent or lazy world-building are that much more difficult for me to swallow. B-
(null)
2764	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	A for the acting.
E for the execution of the storylines from the source material.
B as a television programme in its own right.
2765	So1ar	2012-06-04	B- for me. Last season was an A+. It would have been another A+ if they didn't make pointless changes. I'm not talking about less direwolves or dragons. Those are legit because of budget reasons. The Jon/Qhorin story and several little things they changed that just don't make any sense is what drove down the overall rating. I enjoyed this season, but with my book knowledge I can't help but know how much better it could have been.
2766	Dolorous Nick	2012-06-04	I've said it before, Season 2 suffered from having to cram far too much in far too little time.  Simply put, far more happens than in Game of Thrones.  The list of new characters introduced was staggering: Brienne, Pyatt Pree, Xaro, The Spice King, Stannis, Melisandre, Roose Bolton, Davos, Craster, Gilly, Talisa, Podrick Payne, Salladhor Saan, Quorin Halfhand, Dolorous Ed, Ygritte, Yara/Asha, Balon, Margeary Tyrell, Lord of Bones, Jaqen H'Gar just to name some.  Season One basically took place in five locations: The Wall, Winterfell, Dothraki Sea, The Vale of Arynn, and Kings Landing.  Season two added Harrenhal, Pyke, Qarth, Craster's Keep, Dragonstone, plus skipped around to Renly's Camp and beyond the Wall.  The writers were forced to rush a lot of the story line along to fit everything in the alloted time.  I think even an extra five episodes could have made a difference, although I would argue that Clash of Kings has two seasons worth of material buried in its pages.
The changes have been controversial to say the least.  Personally, I thought Dany's story arc was far better in the show.  I liked how Pyat Pree and Xaro used Dany as a pawn in their scheme to seize power in Qarth.  Pyat Pree, in particular, was a much stronger nemesis than in the story and I found it far more plausible that somebody actually plotted to steal her dragons.  Come on, you're telling me that a half-starved, teenage girl wanders in to Qarth from the desert with three of the most valuable creatures in the world (that were previously thought to be extinct) and nobody in that shady city thought of just snatching them from her?  Far more interesting, and I thought the House of the Undying was a good payoff.
I wasn't crazy to the changes made to Jon Snow's story however.  Craster's keep was a disappointment, and I thought the show exaggerated Jon's brooding side.  He just comes off as one-dimensional and kind of dumb here.  Liked the chemistry with Ygritte, but they needed to explain the killing of the Halfhand better for those not familiar with the novels, how Quorin basically threw the fight with Jon to sacrifice himself for the greater good.
Blackwater was fantastic. Gregor and company were a let down.  The Tickler was far less terrifying than he should have been.  The closing scene with Sam and the army of wights/Others was every bit as creepy as it needed to be.  All in all, I give Season One an A and Season Two a B+.  Enjoyed both tremendously.
2767	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	I'll give it a weak 5/10With the exception of the Blackwater episode and the Tywin/Arya interactions (without which I probably would've given a 3), this season pretty much bored me to tears. I don't even care about the changes, but some episodes were just mind-numbingly boring.The actors are all fantastic and the production values are pretty amazing for TV but at its core, the show is bogged down by extremely dull directing and lackluster writing. With so many stuff to show, the scenes shouldn't feel so long but they seem to drag on and on with little payoff.I thought last season was a solid 9.
2768	Jojosh	2012-06-04	I'd give it an 8/10
2769	ansatsusha80	2012-06-04	Last season,I gave it an  "A"This season, its a   "C"1.They massacred Daenery's story....2.They massacred House of the Undying3. They stretched out Arya's scene with Tywin ....It was good but it should of been 2 episode maximum 4.They should of had Bran and Rickon split up like in the books(They will probably do that next season)I have no problem with the rest of the stories but how can you not have the prophecies in the last episode.....Daenerys story line was a train wreck,I hope they fix that next season....
2770	dagorkan	2012-06-04	C-, Season 1 was a C+
2771	Fat Mac	2012-06-04	B+ for me. I'd say A for the first season. I enjoyed the Season through and through. And I've noticed watching them all in sequential order instead of week by week makes it more enjoyable, and it'd be surprising for some at how fluid the season actually is. Awesome new characters (Davos, Brienne, Stannis, Margaery), and of course Theon's storyline stands out the most for me. Compared to the other shows I watch on TV, Game of Thrones Season 2 easily stands out as one of the best.
2772	Man in the Black	2012-06-04	I would rate Season 1 as a A-. Great overall but it was a little too obvious in certain parts. I still remember my friend who had never read the books calling that Petyr would betray Ned within about 45 seconds of him being onscreen.
This season I would rate as a C+. It was not bad and overall entertaining and only two of the episodes left me annoyed at the end. The main issue was the unnecessary/boring scenes. In season 1 there was only 1 scene that I wished would end as I was watching it (The Littlefinger likes to fuck people scene, well and any scene that had Theon having sex with anything, now that I think about it there was a lot of that this season as well.)
The Robb scenes with not Jeyne were just this weight around the neck of a lot of episodes. I found Danny's roll this season to be pretty meh, though I think I disliked them while reading Clash, exception being the House of the Undying, which was pretty lame in the show. Was really disappointed we did not get to see Rhaeger. Unless they start doing flash backs I do not think we will ever get to see him now.
Hopefully next season will be much better. Storm of Swords remains my favorite book in the series.
2773	Hedge Lawyer	2012-06-04	I've said it before, Season 2 suffered from having to cram far too much in far too little time.  Simply put, far more happens than in Game of Thrones.  The list of new characters introduced was staggering: Brienne, Pyatt Pree, Xaro, The Spice King, Stannis, Melisandre, Roose Bolton, Davos, Craster, Gilly, Talisa, Podrick Payne, Salladhor Saan, Quorin Halfhand, Dolorous Ed, Ygritte, Yara/Asha, Balon, Margeary Tyrell, Lord of Bones, Jaqen H'Gar just to name some.  Season One basically took place in five locations: The Wall, Winterfell, Dothraki Sea, The Vale of Arynn, and Kings Landing.  Season two added Harrenhal, Pyke, Qarth, Craster's Keep, Dragonstone, plus skipped around to Renly's Camp and beyond the Wall.  The writers were forced to rush a lot of the story line along to fit everything in the alloted time.  I think even an extra five episodes could have made a difference, although I would argue that Clash of Kings has two seasons worth of material buried in its pages.The changes have been controversial to say the least.  Personally, I thought Dany's story arc was far better in the show.  I liked how Pyat Pree and Xaro used Dany as a pawn in their scheme to seize power in Qarth.  Pyat Pree, in particular, was a much stronger nemesis than in the story and I found it far more plausible that somebody actually plotted to steal her dragons.  Come on, you're telling me that a half-starved, teenage girl wanders in to Qarth from the desert with three of the most valuable creatures in the world (that were previously thought to be extinct) and nobody in that shady city thought of just snatching them from her?  Far more interesting, and I thought the House of the Undying was a good payoff.I wasn't crazy to the changes made to Jon Snow's story however.  Craster's keep was a disappointment, and I thought the show exaggerated Jon's brooding side.  He just comes off as one-dimensional and kind of dumb here.  Liked the chemistry with Ygritte, but they needed to explain the killing of the Halfhand better for those not familiar with the novels, how Quorin basically threw the fight with Jon to sacrifice himself for the greater good.Blackwater was fantastic. Gregor and company were a let down.  The Tickler was far less terrifying than he should have been.  The closing scene with Sam and the army of wights/Others was every bit as creepy as it needed to be.  All in all, I give Season One an A and Season Two a B+.  Enjoyed both tremendously.I agree with virtually everything you've written.I'd give season 2 a B / B+ (season 1 was an A for me).  Most of season 2's problems stem from trying to cram 15 episodes worth of material into a 10 episode season. However, splitting ASoS into two seasons will do wonders to address that problem.
2774	NedFlanderStark	2012-06-04	Honestly, I'm just still so happy they're making the books into a television show and that I'm able to watch Jon Snow fight Qhorin Halfhand, I'm able to watch the Blackwater set on fire (green fire), I'm able to watch Arya & Jaqen H'ghar terrorize Harrenhal, etc. Was it perfect?  Of course not.  Did it convey the general elements of ASOIAF to non-readers?  Yeah, I still think they nailed it even if Dany didn't get 20 confusing visions in the HotU or Qhorin Halfhand didn't spell out his plan to the viewers/Jon Snow.  I think anybody that actually pays attention can pick up on the themes and what was happening this season.  Well acted, mostly great visual effects and some awesome lines/nuggets pulled directly from the books.  I can't help but give this season an A-.
2775	boojam	2012-06-04	I'd argue that this season was a collection of great scenes that together did not make a coherent and structured narrative. Each episode felt like it stood on its own, with a cliffhanger somewhere in there to foreshadow what will arrive in a next season.To me, I can't fault a single scene in an episode. Seen stand alone , the cast, the production design, the cinematography ... a almost always good.It's kind the View Master problem, the next scene might be segued into very well, but then it looks like a 'jump cut' when you add up the narrative of the episode.Producers David Benioff and Dan Weiss seemed to be the origin of the rush, as if they had not spent enough time planning this season. (No quite fair to them.... first season seemed to flow so flawlessly.)Since the model , for this show at least, is HBO model is 10 episodes, they were stuck with too much source material and not enough time. Still , could there have been a better crew of story editors?Even if the books did not exist, the sum of each scene for each episode, with the exception of 9, just seemed a narrative jumble. I don't know , if there is, are, interviews with them post season I would like to hear 'lessons learned' , because even with two seasons to SoS can have the same structural problems.Because of the cast and production values, I was very entertained, and I am a reader of the books,I give it an A just for those two things.
2776	LuisDantas	2012-06-04	Hmm, I guess I give it a B+.  
I have come to realize that given the limitations and strengths of the chance of medium from the books to the TV and the need to have the story fit into ten segments of one hour each (and making them worth watching on their own merits), as well as fitting the budget and avoiding too much use of horses and secondary characters, excessive faithfulness to the source material is more of a hindrance than an asset.
It would probably be better if we had half a book per season, giving more time for the characters to develop or even to simply have lines.  But that might well be impracticable, for it would mean keeping many actors (and I do mean _many_ actors) for at least six years, which is not exactly easy or affordable.
So realistically the adaptation had to make a lot of hard decisions and streamline and "soap-operize" the plot a lot, which it did in mostly creative and succesfull ways.  I disagree with a lot of the choices, but that only goes to show how darned many decisions the series had to make.  A few were definite improvements, if not all-out necessities, making the roles of several characters that much clearer and/or more interesting.  But even so, the plot often enough seemed to magically jump ahead with no clear reason.  The best example is the moment when Theon and Dagmer decide to kill the children.  Their reasons seemed to come out of nowhere.
Others were far more succesfull - Daenerys and Xaro Xoan, Bronn and Tyrion, arguably Cersei, definitely Shae and Melisandre.  Stannis is a mixed blessing; his motivation is both clearer and somewhat less convincing, yet maybe that is for the best.  Jon's arc really could afford to be made clearer, and had no good reason to be mangled to the extent it was; a few minutes of set-up with a conversation with Qhorin would have helped a lot indeed.  Maybe HBO went a bit too far into the territory of soap opera format, with too much being set up and resolved inside the hour.
And boy, did I miss the chain.  It was such a powerful testimonial of Tyrion's genius, and made for _such_ engaging scenes of naval battle.  Good as episode 9 was, it still fell short of the book.
2777	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I cannot givee the hole series a grade.
starting from the north
Jon-C+ although I disagree with the changes they seem to make sense, biggest demerit was changing Jons character
Winterfell A-this is how you do an adaption
Robb-D-destroyed his character and replaced it with cliche
Cat-B+ solid acting, decent story line within the limits of an adaption
Arya C- W ithout outstanding acting of Dance and Maisie it would have been a D-, 1st couple of episodes were good too.  when she got to Harrenhall waydisappointed
KL B- mostly stayed with story, down grades for limiting Sansa, Adding Ros, Grade increase for the Eunuch Boss,
Stannis B Loved Melisandre, Davos and Stannis grew on me
Dany-F+ complete flop for me entire season, only positive is actress playing Dany is gorgeous and talented as an actress
I guess this equates to a C
2778	Triskan	2012-06-04	I think a better question is what grade would you give it versus TV in general versus what grade would you give it in relation to your expectations for an ASOIAF adaptation.  Because for me the latter might be a mildly disappointed B but for the former it's an A or at worst A-.
ETA:  edited for clarification
					
					
							Edited by Trzysztof TrieA<U+009B>lowski, 04 June 2012 - 10:52 PM.
2779	ipsuel	2012-06-04	I give it a C. (Last season was an A for me). Enjoyable show, and the acting is hands-down the best on TV (really, they're phenomenal actors)... but for this season for me was just "Eh." Still beats any other show on TV--and Blackwater was an *amazing episode*-- but the changes were just too much for me.
2780	ChristophUL	2012-06-04	B.  I enjoyed the show.  A couple events/characters I would have liked to see included but am not really bummed out.  I loved the action, acting, costumes, and settings.  A few characters didn't really do much but I think season three will be forced to explode.
2781	Reposado	2012-06-04	I think a better question is what grade would you give it versus TV in general versus what grade would you give it in relation to your expectations for an ASOIAF adaptation.  Because for me the latter might be a mildly disappointed B but for the latter it's an A or at worst A-.this is the kind of thing i think about all the time. i'm constantly tracking my current opinion of not just shows but characters and episodes.it's good. but not great. despite its flaws, i have it as the 6th best drama this year. it has things it does well, cinematography, acting, scene composition, but fails in bringing it all together. it loses focus a lot compared the legitimately great shows. but there's a lot of mediocrity on the air and even more dreck.i have tyrion as a top-5 male character, cersei as a top5 female and theon as a top 5 supporting character.
2782	Lord Barristan	2012-06-04	Completely agree and am kind of sick of all the complainers on this forum.  You all need to get a life and quit b!tching about some change just to look cool on an online forum.  "Oh know, he didn't say it that way in the book, waaaaaaa!".  Quit your crying and appreciate that we are even getting GoT on TV.  They stayed true to the main story and the majority of the important plot lines were very similiar to the book. If you thought they would be able to fit even half of exactly what happens in the book in the show then you are extremely naive with ridiculous expectations.  Do any of you work in Television?  No, and I guarantee you have no freakin clue how to make something like this work on TV.  This season was great, the battle of blackwater in particular was amazing, and I agree with some other posters that Dany's book story would have been much more boring...Someone wanting to steal her dragons is much more believable.  I am extremely appreciative that HBO has dedicated the resources to this show that they have, and am sick of all you morons picking out little details they got "wrong".  Grow up, get a life, and enjoy what you have.  I came to this forum to share how awesome GoT is and you idiots are ruining it.I dont follow your logic... We should just be thankful that HBO is making this show? And I'm criticizing the show to look cool? Ok...I give this season a B- for many reasons... Some of the stuff was just not as good as the first season. The writing was very poor at times, and the acting to. And I'm not just basing this as a fan of the books. I am basing my opinion as a fan of good tv, shows like The Wire, Sopranos, Madmen, Deadwood, Homeland, Boardwalk Empire...I mean do you think the dude who plays Jon Snow is a good actor? I sure as hell don'tAnd the guy who plays Stannis was ACTING. He was not Stannis. Sean Bean became Ned Stark... Maisie Williams is Arya...But IMO Dillane is Dillane acting as Stannis Baratheon, he has not become the man. The writing for his introduction was way too rushed... You needed to spend time developing Stannis, and not just as a book reader, I'm talking as a critic of the show. In season 1, you go through a lot to know why Ned is the way he is or why Robert was built to win the throne, but not to keep it... We have no idea why Stannis is bitter and wants to kill his brother. No mention of how he felt slighted by Robert, no mention about how he wanted Storms End instead of Dragonstone, No mention of how he wanted a "red hawk" or how he wanted to be hand of the king. Its just one minute Stannis is on Dragonstone, then he shows up --somehwere, not entirely sure where--- to meet with Renly.Same thing with Robb's storyline. There is almost no talk of the military strategy. Hes fighting a war, but we don't know against who. I never understood why they didn't spend 5 minutes explaining why Tywin was at Harrenhal and how Robb didn't want to march on him.These are just my opinions, I am critical of things i want to be good. And it has nothing to do with the adaptations of the book, it has to do with better character development and more explanations of what the hell is going on. Why did Renly and Stannis just meet in some field? Why did Robb fight at Oxcross? Who burned Winterfell? These are just things they should be explained, it has nothing to do with books vs. show it has to do with making the show as good as possible.That being said... There were awesome parts.. Everytime Tyrion was on stage... Varys and Bronn were also impeccable. Joffrey is a brilliant villain.I loved Arya's story and the kids Gendry and Hot Pie. I love the scene when they talk about what constitutes a battle. The guy who played Jaqen was incredible tooI loved Theon's storyline too, though I don't understand why they finished it like they did. They should have explained who burned winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 04 June 2012 - 09:08 PM.
2783	Reposado	2012-06-04	But IMO Dillane is Dillane acting as Stannis Baratheon, he has not become the man. The writing for his introduction was way too rushed... You needed to spend time developing Stannis, and not just as a book reader, I'm talking as a critic of the show.yep, you need to develop these characters or cut them. No more cliffnotes please.
2784	Mad Queen	2012-06-04	C for this season -- Blackwater and Theon taking Winterfell were by far the best moments; maybe the only great moments. For comparison, I would give the first one a B+.
I'm primarily a fan of the books. That's why I created an account here and before that on the old Ezboard forums, years and years before HBO aired the first GoT episode. With a few exceptions, I think almost every scene and storyline is better in the books. Sorry about that. Just compare the White Walkers attack scene with the ASoS prologue. And let's not even get started on Jon and Robb.
2785	StannisWins	2012-06-04	Law and Order SVU is C television.
This show is an A on a bad day and an A+ on most days. I mean some people need some serious perspective here.
					
					
							Edited by StannisWins, 04 June 2012 - 09:28 PM.
2786	Sand11751	2012-06-04	B- / C. First season was an A. 
Non-canon characters and scenes, especially when their inclusion takes time away from important scenes and character interactions. 
Key lines / scenes given to other characters. Littlefinger with Hound's lines, Dagmer Cleftjaw...
Unforgivable travesty of Robb's love (not honor-bound sense of duty) for Talisa (not Jeyne? Why? Not as if Jeyne Poole was in season so no possible confusion). Actually looking forward to the Red Wedding now.
2787	NickSnow	2012-06-04	First, let me reiterate that by no means do I think that this is a BAD show. Not at all; I think it is the best show on television hands down. It is however a poor adaptation, especially season 2.
I would give season 1 an A. I really had no problems with it. Im one of the few who actually liked the changes in season 1. They reflected a new audience and worked well for a visual medium. 
Season 1 however is a C+. Very disappointed with it. They seem to have lost the awesomeness with season 1. They are making too many stupid changes that dont make sense. They are ruining characters (see Littlefinger and the Hound). They only scratched the surface of the story in season 2, instead of hitting all the important parts as they did in season 1. I hope that season 3 will be better.
2788	King Rickon and his Dawg	2012-06-04	I give it a solid B+. I thought Dany's storyline in the book was mind numbingly boring, and I enjoyed most of the changes to her storyline with the exception of the house of the undying. This is because they hyped it up so much in the show and it ended up not being very exciting. I also thought the change in Jon Snow's storyline was totally unnecessary and made the Qhorin fight scene anticlimactic and confusing, which is very disappointing because that was my absolute favorite scene in the book (yes, more than blackwater and HotU). On the plus side: Alfie Allen was a huge scene stealer for me this season. Those Jaime/Brienne scene was fantastic. Ygritte is awesome and has great chemistry with Jon. Blackwater. Stannis, Melisandre, and Davos were pretty much pitch perfect for me. The main problem this season faced was that there were just too many characters and too many story lines that it was impossible to do them all justice. I'm not really sure how they could have done this better given the budget and time constraints. Perhaps three seasons for book 2 and 3 together might have worked?
2789	Magjee	2012-06-04	S1 - A
S2 - B+
It's not the books, its a TV show and guess what?
I'm entertained.
2790	Mad Queen	2012-06-04	Law and Order SVU is C television.No, that's F-. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
2791	Dacie	2012-06-04	C+
would've been a B+ but I did not like the finale at all
A for last season
2792	turdle	2012-06-04	Law and Order SVU is C television.This show is an A on a bad day and an A+ on most days. I mean some people need some serious perspective here.well perhaps if i was able to completely separate the tv show from the book, but i find it impossible not to compare the two. and i feel like hbo has made it especially hard seeing as they made so many changes.  doing that just begs for those who are familiar with both to contrast the two. quite frankley, i haven't trusted D&D since the little finger/ros scene in season 1, and there's been a number of things this season which have given me more reason to distrust them when they stray from the source.
2793	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	Same thing with Robb's storyline. There is almost no talk of the military strategy. Hes fighting a war, but we don't know against who. I never understood why they didn't spend 5 minutes explaining why Tywin was at Harrenhal and how Robb didn't want to march on him.Robb was too busy letting Talisa interrupt his war councils to actually discuss war.
2794	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Season 1
Just for the record, I don't believe that the changes from this season screwed up anything in the long run, and I don't hold the ideas behind most of these, but last year at this time, these were the things people were saying about season 1...
Now, everyone is giving Season 1 an A
They completely changed the characters of Ned and Catelyn  when they reversed the positions of who wanted to go to Kings landing and who wanted to stay.
They robbed the Hound of every significant line his character had
They created the character of Ros out of thin air and she took up valuable screen time from what the real story was.
They made Ned Stark look like some kind of a cage fighter by having him fight Jaime in the streets.
Varrys was much too effeminate
They ruined the characters of Renly and Loras by making them gay
They completely cut the ToJ dream sequence and now the viewer will never understand about R+L=J
They made Littlefinger a pimp
They made Pycelle a whoremonger
Mark Addy was a terrible choice for Robert because he looked nothing like him,
Just a little reminder for those that are throwing fits about the changes in Season 2
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 10:56 PM.
2795	The Second Hand	2012-06-04	After the torture scene, I was so done expecting anything other then mediocre fantasy. Heck, The Tudors was better.
2796	Sxxman	2012-06-04	I'd give it a B+, mostly because there a little too many "calm before the storm" episodes, it's okay to have one or two but it seemed to me that almost half of them were slow.  The Dany and Jon storyline in the first half were pretty dull IMO. There were also a few pointless scenes that could've been used for more character development, the one that comes to mind is Joffrey doing some S&M with Ros and some prostitute.  Other than that I loved the season, Blackwater was arguably my favorite episode of the entire series, acting was great, the special effects were great, dialogue was great. Not as good as the first season but to be fair there are very few people who believe aCoK > aGoT.
2797	turdle	2012-06-04	Season 1Just for the record, I don't believe that the changes from this season screwed up anything in the long run, and I don't hold the ideas behind most of these, but last year at this time, these were the things people were saying about season 1...Now, everyone is giving Season 1 an Aif it weren't for the little finger/ros scene in season 1 i would give season 1 an A (that is how i showed all of my friends, i made them close their eyes while i fast forwarded through the scene). but my grade for season 2 is still a C+.
2798	The Second Hand	2012-06-04	Season 1Just for the record, I don't believe that the changes from this season screwed up anything in the long run, and I don't hold the ideas behind most of these, but last year at this time, these were the things people were saying about season 1...Now, everyone is giving Season 1 an AThey completely changed the characters of Ned and Catelyn  when they reversed the positions of who wanted to go to Kings landing and who wanted to stay.They robbed the Hound of every significant line his character hadThey created the character of Ros out of thin air and she took up valuable screen time from what the real story was.They made Ned Stark look like some kind of a cage fighter by having him fight Jaime in the streets.Varrys was much too effeminateThey ruined the characters of Renly and Loras by making them gayThey completely cut the ToJ dream sequence and now the viewer will never understand about R+L=JThey made Littlefinger a pimpThey made Pycelle a whoremongerMark Addy was a terrible choice for Robert because he looked nothing like him,Just a little reminder for those that are throwing fits about the changes in Season 2The difference is that most of those changes didn't dramatically impact the fifty or so minutes they were contained within. As each episoded progressed this season, we saw the writing become worse and worse, the acting more droll, and truly interesting and fascinating moral issues dropped at the slight of a prostitute's skant chance of nudity. It was hard to watch, whereas most of season one felt like they had made -- at the very least -- an effort to faithfully adapt the series.
2799	Sound_of_winter	2012-06-04	I would give this season a B-, there were little things that annoyed me a little bit, but i got over them fast. BUT there were three things that pissed me off.The death of Bran and Rickon:sure Alot of book readers weren't fooled about their deaths, but i was devastated and actually thought they were dead, it was actually the biggest moment in the book for me ( other than HOTU, and Black water) I just remember reading the chapter where Cat is talking to Brienne about Bran and Rickon being dead, and my jaw dropped! if they left out the orphans in the episode where they were leaving and led the audience to believe that it was Bran and Rickon it would have been a great episode, then on the season finale show them leaving the crypts.House of the Undying: Let me start off by saying that the visions in the show were AWESOME /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> i was dorking out, i liked the fact that they were new visions, which means even more crack pot theories. But we've had five episodes building up to the house of the undying (when Pryat first mentions it to Danny in the Courtyard) so non-book readers and book readers alike were anticipating something huge! but no, only three visions, if there were more it would have been much better; even if it wasnt the ones from the books. Plus Pryat took out half of Danny's Khalasar, maybe more. Drogon farted fire on his face and Pryat is just standing there.....what? Season Finale Ending: Im going to get shit for this, but i agree with alot of you that it was a tacky ending. It just looked so cheap and like a George Romero knockoff. If they ended with the three horns blowing, Pyp and Edd running, then zoom on Sam's frightened face it would have been fine. Or when the Wights and Walkers appeared make it night time, and a blizzard. So we don't see them clearly, but know they are there (it would make it so much creepier)- ps: Why don't they let Arya kill in the show? is it too shocking for her age or something? (this didn't bother me much, but i was just wondering about it) ALSO: i really don't want anyone replying to this telling me to stop complaining and don't watch the show /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' /> please don't bother, thank you.
2800	Gaius Martell	2012-06-04	I think the major problem that this season faced was the sheer number of characters and different storylines going on.  Just think of how many POVs we have in A Clash of Kings:
Jon
Catelyn
Sansa
Arya
Bran
Tyrion
Daenerys
Theon
Davos
When we consider that Robb is getting more screen time than he had in the books, the King's Landing players get their own scenes, and Jaime's early Storm of Swords story is moved into the end of this season, we're getting on average 5 minutes of each POV per episode.  It's simply not enough time to do the stories as much justice as the books do them.  This is only going to get worse, I fear, as more characters become more important and the story continues to branch out, that this cluttered, "bullet point" style story might get even worse.
Hell, George HIMSELF saw that when writing AFFC and ADWD.  Splitting A Storm of Swords into two seasons (as intended) may be the best decision the writers of GOT have made.  There just might be enough time to spend on the plot that it can move forward and still be compelling.
2801	King Cheops	2012-06-04	A+.  I'm glad for the changes they made since it means I'm not automatically spoiled as a book reader.
2802	The Second Hand	2012-06-04	Right now, this show isn't compelling. It's a mess of well-acted scenes, sub-par writing, and beautiful set design.
2803	turdle	2012-06-04	When we consider that Robb is getting more screen time than he had in the books, the King's Landing players get their own scenes, and Jaime's early Storm of Swords story is moved into the end of this season, we're getting on average 5 minutes of each POV per episode.  It's simply not enough time to do the stories as much justice as the books do them.  This is only going to get worse, I fear, as more characters become more important and the story continues to branch out, that this cluttered, "bullet point" style story might get even worse.i think they should have spilled some of acok into season 3 instead of spilling asos into season 2. perhaps actually take the time to set up bran and rickons deaths and end the season with that as the cliff hanger.
2804	Gaius Martell	2012-06-04	i think they should have spilled some of acok into season 3 instead of spilling asos into season 2. perhaps actually take the time to set up bran and rickons deaths and end the season with that as the cliff hanger.I don't think that that is a good either/ or.  ASoS has the most action of any of the books in the series, and 10 hours is not enough time to reasonably get through it all and not feel rushed.
2805	turdle	2012-06-04	I don't think that that is a good either/ or.  ASoS has the most action of any of the books in the series, and 10 hours is not enough time to reasonably get through it all and not feel rushed.they don't have to keep to the "book per season" style at all. they've already said they're going to break book 3 into multiple seasons anyway. they could have had the first two episodes of season 3 be the end of acok, and the rest of season 3 and all of season 4 be the rest of asos. or if that's not enough, have the start of season 5 also be asos.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 04 June 2012 - 11:23 PM.
2806	Lebronn Jaime	2012-06-04	C. True Blood levels of tripe. The scene where Jon Snow can't bring himself to kill Ygritte, but decides to *record scratch* chase her down when she tries to run will stick with me for a long time. And not in a good way.
					
					
							Edited by Lebronn Jamie, 04 June 2012 - 11:30 PM.
2807	turdle	2012-06-04	C. True Blood levels of tripe. The scene where Jon Snow can't bring himself to kill Ygritte, but decides to *record scratch* chase her down when she tries to run will stick with me for a long time. And not in a good way.yeah, what exactly did he think, had they caught back up with them, that qhorin was going to say? because i feel like if he had, qhorin would say, "ok, well now chop her head off. that was the whole point. that's what you were doing in the first place and nothings changed so... go ahead."
2808	Gaius Martell	2012-06-04	they don't have to keep to the "book per season" style at all. they've already said they're going to break book 3 into multiple seasons anyway. they could have had the first two episodes of season 3 be the end of acok, and the rest of season 3 and all of season 4 be the rest of asos. or if that's not enough, have the start of season 5 also be asos.And they probably should have saved some of A Clash of Kings for season 3, as well.  More than "Introduce the Reeds, 'Arstan,' Ramsay, and so on." Some plot moves forward, like moving Jaime forward, are important for behind-the-scenes, contractual reasons, and worked well with the story.  They certainly could have saved some of the more rushed things, like Arya's story in general and Jon's story with Qhorin as well as Ygritte, for season three and woven it with the ASoS stuff as well.  But looking forward, the only viable way to do these books is to SLOW DOWN or everything will not only feel rushed, but confusing.
2809	Leuf	2012-06-04	Oh, I don't know exactly where I would put it as a grade, B I suppose.  As someone else said, the acting gets an A and the story get a D.  The first 8 episodes are a disjointed mess of great individual scenes.
I think much of the problems with this season can be traced back to the removal of Riverrun and Storm's End.  I don't object to these things being changed just because they are changed, but look at the ripple effect caused by it.
Storm's End:  Renly gets his entire force moved from Bitterbridge to an ambiguous location in the Stormlands.  Renly doesn't cut off the food supply coming from the Reach to KL, until magically in the riot episode the people are starving even though they weren't.  This also causes Renly to never divide his forces, which then makes it really confusing just how the Tyrells ended up with an army to help the Lannisters.  The scenes involving the shadow baby get juggled out of order which ruins Renly's death scene.  After Renly dies, Stannis has nothing to do without Storm's End to take, and thus drops off the screen for a couple of episodes.  One side of your epic battle shouldn't be off screen for multiple episodes.
Riverrun:  The show has to be incredibly vague about what Robb is doing in the early part of the season.  Cat has to be able to get back to Robb since she has no where else to go.  Consequently we get no sense of wtf Robb is actually doing.  He's just off somewhere fighting random Lannisters that have no bearing on the story, so he just becomes irrelevant.  Robb has to cart Jaime around with him, and without Cat's home castle to escape from his escape becomes somewhat of a mess.  Without Riverrun to stop him, Tywin just has to sit at Harrenhal the whole time.  This causes all kinds of problems.  Tywin/Arya, which was one of the strong points of the season, has to drag on for too long and then end without any satisfaction.  Tywin has to leave for KL at the last minute for no other reason than to fake out the audience.
I can understand why they had to cut Riverrun from this season.  If you have Riverrun you have to cast the Tullys, and there's already too many new characters this season.  I get why they had to do it, and I think they compensated for it as best they could.  Storm's End on the other hand... the story never goes inside the castle.  It's just a damn matte painting.  It's one of those things that superficially sounds smart to cut.  If we get rid of it then we only have one shadow baby, it'll save us lots of time and exposition.  But it didn't save any time, it just caused scenes to be shuffled around for less effect and then Stannis to have nothing to do.
Then we have the lack of build up to the KL riot and Blackwater.  I think often in adaptations TPTB identify the most difficult parts of the story and put a huge amount of energy into making those things work (in this case Dany's arc), and then they somewhat take for granted the best parts of the story.  I think these guys were so amped up for Blackwater that they forgot to amp the audience up for it.  They just took for granted that the audience would be amped up too and totally dropped the ball working towards it in the early part of the season.  A lot of this again has to do with both Robb and Renly just fucking around in tents all season without acting like any threat to KL.  But they never have the Lannisters in KL actually worried about being attacked in the first half of the season.  I am totally okay with the chain not being in the battle, but if you take the preparations of the chain out then you have to replace that with something that shows Tyrion getting the city ready over the course of the season.  You can't have him suddenly realize the city might be attacked halfway through.  If the characters aren't worried about an attack then the audience won't be either.  The choice of having Joffrey threatening the whores in private with the crossbow rather than showing him actually shooting peasants who are at his gates demanding food just highlights the messed up priorities of TPTB this season.
With all of that said, I think the show juggled Dany and Jon's story arcs pretty well.  I know that not everyone is happy with them, but consider Dany's story in the book, which goes something like this:  Sit on ass in Red Waste.  Sit on ass in Vaes Tolorro.  Sit on ass in Qarth being a tourist attraction. OMG HOTU! HOLY SHIT!  Selmy.  I was pleasantly surprised they made it work as well as they did, after stumbling at the gates of Qarth pretty badly.  It gives me hope they can make her story work going forward.  I was upset they killed Irri, but if you can surprise and upset a bookreader with a death I call that a win.
The ending.. well in a perfect world I would have preferred to see it just end with the 3 horn blasts.  However I don't think we're going to actually see the battle in s3 ep1.  I think Sam will probably just come in after it is over.  They aren't going to blow the budget in the first episode.  So doing it this way gives us some real picture of the scope of what happens, since it's a lot cheaper to have a couple WW's just basically sitting on a horse and some extras walking than a big fight sequence.  Also it's kind of a nice parallel to the end of last season, which ended with the NW riding out in force beyond the Wall.  This season ends with the WW's riding out in force to meet them.
2810	The  Halfhand	2012-06-04	In my opinion, there were 2 things the writers of the show did wrong this season. I don't want to go in depth, though.
1) House of the Undying. It seems obvious that the prophecies in the books are crucial to the plot of the story...why would D&D scrap these? And is it just me, or did the "Dracarys" part seem kind of cheesy? In the books it seemed way more badass and incinerating.
2) Arya's storyline. The Tywin-Arya dynamic was really good, but when I realized they weren't going to show her loss of innocence, I kind of got really upset. Arya's third name trick and her kills while escaping were huge to her story in the arc.  Again...why would D&D just gut this out??
EDIT: ...forgot to grade it.... I'd give it a solid B.
					
					
							Edited by The  Halfhand, 04 June 2012 - 11:59 PM.
2811	House Balstroko	2012-06-04	I'd give it a B+, with the first season being an A.
My biggest complaint was with the Whole Daenerys story line. Her arc was an utter mess.
Arya's scenes were well acted and enjoyable, but her character didn't undergo any kind of evolution like in the book. I wanted to see Arya at least kill the guard at the end, so as to setup her path for the future.
Jon Snow's change is strange but it works in the end.
2812	AeonFrog	2012-06-05	C-, way too many unnecessary deviations from the source material. Everything about this season seemed thrown together at the last minute.
2813	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2012-06-05	I would give this season a solid B.  I would give season 1 an A+.  (and that is not revisionist history for me, I always thought season 1 was awesome, but I do agree the tone for season 1 on these forums would not lead you to believe that so many would grade it an A)Why a B?  Because it was above average, but not great.  Here is what led me to that conclusion:Great, and I do mean great, storytelling at times.  Great acting at ALL times.However, that was undercut significantly by some bad storytelling.Jon's story was significantly mishandled.  I don't have a problem with giving Jon more time with Ygritte.  I actually liked those scenes and was fine with them.  However, I feel like Jon's fight with Qhorin came out of the blue, and it seems less believable that the Wildlings would accept Jon snow as a turncloak.  I'm not saying it has to be just like the books, but I do think they needed to give him some more cover and they needed to establish the fight with the Halfhand a tad more.  Furthermore, I found Jon to be significantly stunted in his character growth compared to season 1 and to the books.  He seemed to regress back into emo-Jon, which I thought had been pretty much slain at the end of Season 1.  Character regression is a negative in my eyes if it has no cause to happen within the story.  Also, the stay at Craster's Keep took way to0 much time.  The story stalled at that point.  Overall, I give this story arc a C+.  The plus is because Ygritte is awesome (even if she is too pretty by book standards, I would definitely not want to change the actress for the world).Dany's story was fumbled at points, but overall I felt it was actually an improvement over the books.  Actually, I should say that I feel like there is not enough of her in Clash to warrant her own storyline on a TV show, so all the machinations in Qarth were interesting and ultimately necessary.  However, there were some plot-holes.  When she arrives outside Qarth, she has maybe 20 Dothraki left in her "horde".  After Xaxos/Pyat/Dorreah steal the dragons she appears to be left with only 1 Dothraki (and I'm not even sure who it is).  Then, after freeing her dragons and locking Xaxos in the vault, she suddenly has at least 15 dothraki again, running around stealing things.  I know that is minor, but that is a plothole that detracts from the "willing suspension of disbelief" that could easily been avoided.  I also feel like Dorreah/Xaxos came out of left field and was not organic from the story as told to that point.  It made no sense.  I don't have a problem with the HOTU at all, though.  Those scenes were beautiful, and if they didn't think they could show those prophecies without giving too much away then I will have to defer to them on that.  However, you still needed the House of the Undying because you still needed something interesting for Dany to do.  Also, I like how Dany is presented with a temptation (Drogo) to just stay at the HOTU and let them use her as Pyat wanted to.  In the end, her storyline showed substantial and organic character growth, with very minor plotholes, so I would give it an A-/B+ grade.Winterfell was a perfect adaptation.  It managed to help the TV show by cutting characters (that, in retrospect, did not need to be in this season) while maintaining integrity with the original story.  Luwin's advice to Theon and Theon's speech to Luwin and then speech to his men were brilliant.  Theon and Yara (the name change from Asha was unnecesssary and I am using that to downgrade it a bit) had a great dynamic.  All in all this is what you want from an adaptation.  A+.Robb/Cat/Talisa.  Mixed feelings.  I do not feel that it is somehow vital to Robb's character that he only sleeps with Jeyne/Talisa after hearing about Bran and Rickon's death.  That makes little to no sense to me, especially since we really have no idea what motivated Robb because the entire relationship occurred off-page.  However, this could have long term implications if Jeyne's mom really was betraying Robb by forcing Jeyne to consume anti-fertility drugs (whatever it was).  However, this could be a tacit admission that the Jeyne Westerling that Jaimie meets is a plant as some have theorized.  I thought the love-story worked at times but at other times it was very cliche.  That's probably because they were making it up insted of adapting, and it shows.  The exclusion of Riverun, while apparantly a necessity for budget reasons, really screwed up this arc and while it wasn't a trainwreck, it was far from perfect.  I'll give it a C.Brienns/Jaimie.  This was handled well and was a good decision to add in some of their journey to keep Jaimie relevant to the viewers.  Jaimie killing his cousin was a bit much, but I don't think it was some basic betrayal of his character from the books.  However, it really would have made more sense for him to have Alton fake it so they could escape together.  Otherwise, both Brienne and Jaimie were developed perfectly.  Solid A.Renly.  I think in retrospect it was a mistake to merge the shadow-babies, but I can't fault them for making that decision to begin with.  They tried it one way and whether it worked or not is a matter of opinion, but I don't think it means they made an obviously wrong decision.  Furthermore, they played up the love between Renly and Loras, so that any fears that Loras would just be seen as manipulative like he was in season 1 were laid to rest.  Would have been nice to see him in his armor at one point though to make Renly's Ghost more poignant. B+.Stannis/Davos/Malisandre.  This storyline wobbled quite a bit early on, and the shadowbaby scene just felt ridiculous.  However, it built on itself all season long and by the end of the season it was very compelling (although I still don't like the Meilisadre actress).  If not for the early stumbles and th silly birthing scene, this would be an A+, but I'm giving it an A-.King's Landing.  A lot to digest here, so I will skim over it quite a bit.  Most everything was handled excellently.  I don't think the riot was that confusing as everyone I talked to said they had been wondering how long the people would stand for Joffrey as king.  Plus they set up the popular discontent with the preacher who called Tyrion a demon monkey and all the talk amongst the small council about how they didn't have enough food and they were having trouble keeping order with the influx of refuges.  I have always thought that Cersei is a much more multi-dimensional character in the show than in the books and therefore I don't have any problem with her changes.  I thought Joffrey's whore abusing scene was important in his character development, because it establsihed that Joffrey was not just mindlessly cruel but he is actually maliciously and calculatingly cruel.  The only glimpse of this we get in the books is when we find out it was him that ordered the assassination on Bran.  So, I like it because it clarifies his character.  The Tyrion-Shae dynamic for me was pretty much non-existent through the first half of the season, so I was glad they laid the emotion on thick at the end there.  That needs to be emphasized for the end of Storm to have the impact that it does in the books.  The only thing I would have added to this more Cersei complaing that Tywin is marching back at her request to defend the city.  Overall, an A-.Littlefinger.  Almost nonexistent this season, and when around he was a whirlwind of plotholes.  So, he brought Cat Ned's bones and... she just left them there when they fled Renly's camp?  It was a poignant scene, but ultimately didn't make any sense.  And then he somehow manages to teleport to Harranhal from one Episode to the next?  And then it takes him the rest of the season to show up again and arrive at King's Landing?  And did he notice Arya or not?  However, his interaction with Sansas was a saving grace, and his scene with arya was also great if nonsensical.  So, it only gets a C-.  It's hard to grade something when there isn't a lot there to grade.Arya/Harrenhal/Jaqen.  I feel this suffered from too much of a good thing.  Arya and Tywin are so awesome together, that it feels like they changed a lot just to get more of these scenes.  All of these scenes were fantastic, by the way.  Dance IS Tywin Lannister, and Maise IS Arya.  However, Arya's character arc has been completely altered.  Or, if it isn't, then her character will just suddenly change for no reason.  So, I give it an A+ for the actual scenes in this arc, but an F for the impact on the storyline.  I guess if I had to merge them I would give it an overall D grade.The White Walkers.  I loved the White Walkers.  Very realistic looking and they had an ephemeral, other-world look to them.  Those blue eyes were haunting.  However, I really hate Sam just sitting there as a zombie army amasses around him and the White Walkers just not caring about him.  Doesn't make any sense.  Also, although realistic, I didn't like how the three horn blasts were so close together.  I imagined them being deeper and mor edrawn out.  That isn't really important though.  Also, the attack should ahve been at night.  That is kind of important for White Walkers.  Great looks with fundamental flaws gets you a C.In the end, I agree with the posters that are saying this season suffers  from compression problems.  They really did need to stretch many of these chapters into next season.  However, despite the handicaps they were facing trying to fit Clash into 10 episodes, they did a solid job and deserve the solid B grade I handed out at the beginning of this Magnum Opus of mine.
					
					
							Edited by Papa Manderly's Meat Pie, 05 June 2012 - 12:30 AM.
2814	StannisBarFTW	2012-06-05	I will grade from 2 different angles.
As an Adaption - D
Robb's Arc - We all know where thats gonna end and the reason non-readers will have for the downfall of the starks will be Robb wanted some piece hot piece of ass ( not to mention he got married by the new gods is this true i don't remember).
Jon's Arc- Only bother is the scene where he chases Ygritte and Qhorin deserved more screentime.
Davos - Very confusing thing with the shadows ( why the hell did he need to smuggle melissandre by sea into renly's camp that was wtf moment) they could ve given more depth to all chars involved in this arc.
Daenerys- I was really looking forward to see HoTU on screen and they made such a huge build up for it just too dissapoint big time, not to mention all the unnecessary deaths aswell as she ending the season as a thief and killing Xaro Ramsay style by locking him in a room a let him starve to death ( i cant believe this only shocked me).
KL- Joffrey cruelty and incompetence could ve been shown in other ways aside S&M, the non-readers should ve got more sense that the victory in the blackwater was due to Tyrion efforts, but varys kind of made up for this one in ep10.
Arya- Arya got a freebie this season instaed of getting her assed kicked all time, she gets to be cupbearer and have sassy dialogues with a big lord ( im not complaing with the acting that will be next section), she didnt get to kill no one and Jaqen says she has names she could offer to the RED GOD!!!! wth FM are not about vengence nor do they revere R'hllor.
NW/Sam- Good to see that Edd made it to the show, but one thing really annoys me: Why is Sam always so happy??? The dude its actually happy that he is on the Fist, they made him a merry fat boy, whose in love instaed of the craven he is.
As a TV-Show - B
Not the best thing around but very watchable and enjouyable.
Some dialogues are lame, poorly written sometimes I feel like IÂ´m watching a soap opera and not a drama.
The way they edit the scenes and how everything is rushed, chars sit, talk, leave, go do what they talked about. its not very well narrated.
Acting good but you cant compare it to MadMen, Boardwalk, Breaking Bad or other big TV drama, although some actors ( cercei, petyr, tyrion, arya, tywin etc) are worthy of any shows I meantion the all cast is not the same.
Some continuity mistakes I'll point the one from ep10, Pycelle says he talked with the high septon about the king breaking his vows to sansa. how could that be possible if they killed the High septon 3/4 eps ago in another walking dead style scene.
Ps: I'd rate season 1 as a solid B as an adaption and the same B for the Tv-show althought i think season 1 had better cinematography
					
					
							Edited by StannisBarFTW, 05 June 2012 - 12:39 AM.
2815	Caligula_K2	2012-06-05	B+ I'd say. First season was a high B+/low A-.
My biggest criticism is that there are too many characters per episode, making many episodes/plotlines feel disjointed. The best episodes of the season (besides the finale, which I thought did a pretty good job wrapping everything up) were 3, 6, and 9- 3 focused on Tyrion in King's Landing, 6 on Theon's capture of Winterfell, and 9 on the Blackwater. If you're going to show a character, make sure you show him or her for more than two minutes- make sure each episode advances a character's plot or character development. Don't show me Dany if she's just going to have a one minute scene in which she claims she's the mother of dragons for the seventeenth time. Episode 8, I remember, was the worst for this.
Other criticisms: Stannis could have been developed better, though I thought the actor did a fantastic job with the role. I really liked that they made more happen in Dany's storyline and added some tension, but there really were too many "I AM THE MOTHER OF DRAGONS!!!" scenes, often turning Dany into a one note character. I also like that they tried to expand the Jeyne Westerling character but she was just a little too bland and dragged down pacing. Robb could have benefited from some late season scenes that didn't involve her. Also not a fan of how they wrapped up the Winterfell plotline, with the castle randomly being burnt with no explanation. Oh well.
Still, season one wasn't perfect either as a television show, though probably slightly better. And there were a lot of positives in season 2, from the whole Blackwater episode to Theon's capture of Winterfell to some wonderful scenes with Tyrion, Varys and Bronn and Jon and Ygritte. I loved the pairing of Arya and Tywin and the interaction between her and Jaqen H'Gar. Davos was written and acted very well. Jaime and Brienne have excellent chemistry and I can't wait to see more of them in season 3. So many scenes, character moments and lines of dialogue that I was happy to see on screen. Overall they've done a very good job with this adaptation. Sure, it's not the best television show ever, but I'm not too sure you could make the best television show ever out of these books- especially ACoK, which is in many ways the most difficult to adapt of the first three books. And looking back on this season in a few months, I think I'm much more likely to remember Dinklage's awesome line readings ("those are some brave men at our gates... Let's go kill them!") and Theon's botched killing of Rodrik than I will "I AM THE MOTHER OF DRAGONS!!!" Which is to say that the positives definitely outweigh the negatives. Finally, from the perspective of an adaptation, they really nailed the themes/feel of the books while staying very close to the overall plot and true to who the characters are in the books, which is what matters to me. And for every change that didn't work there were three that did; more importantly, I nearly always understood why the changes had to be made to adapt the show to TV, even when they didn't work, which is important to me.
					
					
							Edited by Caligula_K2, 05 June 2012 - 01:48 AM.
2816	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	The difference is that most of those changes didn't dramatically impact the fifty or so minutes they were contained within. As each episoded progressed this season, we saw the writing become worse and worse, the acting more droll, and truly interesting and fascinating moral issues dropped at the slight of a prostitute's skant chance of nudity. It was hard to watch, whereas most of season one felt like they had made -- at the very least -- an effort to faithfully adapt the series.This was NOT the story last year. The story was that the show had been ruined because of the changes...That story was led by the loud minority, just as this years reactions of disgust is held by the minority. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of the people who watched the show absolutely loved it.This is not to take away what anyone feels about the show. There are people here that have been fans of these books for over 10 years that have been coming to this sight or it's predecessor to talk about them. We have all earned the right to have an opinion.
2817	Roose Seal	2012-06-05	They ruined the characters of Renly and Loras by making them gayJust because you have apparently a problem with gay people doesn't mean everyone is as much of a bigot as you are.Not to mention the characters are actually gay in the books as well, but nevermind that.
2818	Dannyisnow	2012-06-05	Season 1 A* . Season 2 B+ for me, I loved it but i spent far to much time considering why certain changes had been made to the plot and trying to justify them , than actually just watching and enjoying the show! I really hope D&B can learn from this season in respect to the reaction from Book readers and stick a bit closer to the books in Season 3 which will should be a far easier task if they are spreading it over 2 seasons ( fingers well and truly crossed ! ).
2819	Frost_Nocturne	2012-06-05	Oh, I don't know exactly where I would put it as a grade, B I suppose.  As someone else said, the acting gets an A and the story get a D.  The first 8 episodes are a disjointed mess of great individual scenes.I think much of the problems with this season can be traced back to the removal of Riverrun and Storm's End.  I don't object to these things being changed just because they are changed, but look at the ripple effect caused by it.Storm's End:  Renly gets his entire force moved from Bitterbridge to an ambiguous location in the Stormlands.  Renly doesn't cut off the food supply coming from the Reach to KL, until magically in the riot episode the people are starving even though they weren't.  This also causes Renly to never divide his forces, which then makes it really confusing just how the Tyrells ended up with an army to help the Lannisters.  The scenes involving the shadow baby get juggled out of order which ruins Renly's death scene.  After Renly dies, Stannis has nothing to do without Storm's End to take, and thus drops off the screen for a couple of episodes.  One side of your epic battle shouldn't be off screen for multiple episodes.Riverrun:  The show has to be incredibly vague about what Robb is doing in the early part of the season.  Cat has to be able to get back to Robb since she has no where else to go.  Consequently we get no sense of wtf Robb is actually doing.  He's just off somewhere fighting random Lannisters that have no bearing on the story, so he just becomes irrelevant.  Robb has to cart Jaime around with him, and without Cat's home castle to escape from his escape becomes somewhat of a mess.  Without Riverrun to stop him, Tywin just has to sit at Harrenhal the whole time.  This causes all kinds of problems.  Tywin/Arya, which was one of the strong points of the season, has to drag on for too long and then end without any satisfaction.  Tywin has to leave for KL at the last minute for no other reason than to fake out the audience.I can understand why they had to cut Riverrun from this season.  If you have Riverrun you have to cast the Tullys, and there's already too many new characters this season.  I get why they had to do it, and I think they compensated for it as best they could.  Storm's End on the other hand... the story never goes inside the castle.  It's just a damn matte painting.  It's one of those things that superficially sounds smart to cut.  If we get rid of it then we only have one shadow baby, it'll save us lots of time and exposition.  But it didn't save any time, it just caused scenes to be shuffled around for less effect and then Stannis to have nothing to do.Then we have the lack of build up to the KL riot and Blackwater.  I think often in adaptations TPTB identify the most difficult parts of the story and put a huge amount of energy into making those things work (in this case Dany's arc), and then they somewhat take for granted the best parts of the story.  I think these guys were so amped up for Blackwater that they forgot to amp the audience up for it.  They just took for granted that the audience would be amped up too and totally dropped the ball working towards it in the early part of the season.  A lot of this again has to do with both Robb and Renly just fucking around in tents all season without acting like any threat to KL.  But they never have the Lannisters in KL actually worried about being attacked in the first half of the season.  I am totally okay with the chain not being in the battle, but if you take the preparations of the chain out then you have to replace that with something that shows Tyrion getting the city ready over the course of the season.  You can't have him suddenly realize the city might be attacked halfway through.  If the characters aren't worried about an attack then the audience won't be either.  The choice of having Joffrey threatening the whores in private with the crossbow rather than showing him actually shooting peasants who are at his gates demanding food just highlights the messed up priorities of TPTB this season.With all of that said, I think the show juggled Dany and Jon's story arcs pretty well.  I know that not everyone is happy with them, but consider Dany's story in the book, which goes something like this:  Sit on ass in Red Waste.  Sit on ass in Vaes Tolorro.  Sit on ass in Qarth being a tourist attraction. OMG HOTU! HOLY SHIT!  Selmy.  I was pleasantly surprised they made it work as well as they did, after stumbling at the gates of Qarth pretty badly.  It gives me hope they can make her story work going forward.  I was upset they killed Irri, but if you can surprise and upset a bookreader with a death I call that a win.The ending.. well in a perfect world I would have preferred to see it just end with the 3 horn blasts.  However I don't think we're going to actually see the battle in s3 ep1.  I think Sam will probably just come in after it is over.  They aren't going to blow the budget in the first episode.  So doing it this way gives us some real picture of the scope of what happens, since it's a lot cheaper to have a couple WW's just basically sitting on a horse and some extras walking than a big fight sequence.  Also it's kind of a nice parallel to the end of last season, which ended with the NW riding out in force beyond the Wall.  This season ends with the WW's riding out in force to meet them.Completely agree with all of this. One of the major missteps of this season, imo, was the lack of specifics regarding the war. When your tagline is "War is coming" and then you don't even explain what the hell Robb is doing the entire season regarding the war he's fighting or where he even is, there is a problem. They promised to give us more Robb screentime this season unlike the book, and it was a waste. A scene that perfectly highlights this issue is the show's version of the Stannis/Renly parley, which comes out of nowhere and includes virtually none of the relevant military details from the book.I do think they at least built up the riot a bit with LF's line in ep. 1 about the starving peasants and then Tyrion's encounter with the "Demon Monkey" preaching commoner in ep. 5, but mentioning that Renly's army was cutting off their food supply was such a simple thing that they still failed to do. And yes, Tyrion suddenly deciding to read up on siege warfare the episode before Blackwater was far too little, too late.More battle planning scenes and less pointless nudity, please. They should be catering to the observant viewers who appreciate intelligent television, not the casuals who are in for Spartacus blood and sex.
2820	Frost_Nocturne	2012-06-05	I would give this season a B as a whole, with season 1 as a strong A. Without Blackwater saving it the season would drop to a C. There were only two other episodes all season that were on-par with the quality of S1, 3 and 5. Bryan Cogman knows what he's doing, unlike D&amp;D who seem to have too little time to give proper focus to characters in their episodes, and like to push the unnecessary nudity.Overall locations/Arcs ratings:KL: Mostly faithful to the book, which helped given it was the big focus of the season. A-Arya: Yoren, Gendry, and Jaqen were all perfect, along with Maisie herself. The battle in ep. 3 was a bit messy but Yoren's performance helped redeem it. The Arya/Tywin scenes were fun, but the problem is that they took away from the cruelty she experienced firsthand during her entire time at Harrenhal in the book, that hardens and embitters her going on. Still sad that Weasel Soup was cut, but a man was pleased with her scene in the finale with Jaqen. B+ needed more screentime.Robb/Catelyn: D, they took away Cat's agency while making Robb even more of an idiot and a jerk than the book version, while subjecting us to terrible, forced "romantic" scenes without explaining his war campaign in even minor detail. Not to mention the plot hole of giving Catelyn a real reason to release Jaime (better than the book version IMO) and then seemingly hoping everyone would forget about it when Catelyn never explains her reasons to Robb when they're alone. So glad they added Roose Bolton this season though, it made every scene with him in it worth it.Theon/Winterfell/Bran: B+, Alfie Allen was fantastic, and the scene of Theon taking WF in ep. 6 was one of the best moments of the entire show, but they really fucked up the conclusion to this arc. Otherwise this would be an easy A. Not only is Theon brought low by someone else's plan instead of his own foolishness as in the books (trusting Reek instead of his men betraying him after hearing Robb's offer), but we get no resolution on the Bastard of Bolton or who burned WF. Also, the burning of "Bran and Rickon" could have been handled better to make it more believable, for one by waiting until episode 10 to do the reveal, which gives Luwin's death more meaning as well.Jon: D- The biggest letdown of the season. They completely butchered Jon's mentor/apt pupil relationship with Qhorin, as well as butchering Qhorin as a character entirely, in favor of pointless scenes of walking around with Ygritte talking about genitals. They made Jon go from naive but full of potential in S1 to a complete idiot in S2.Dany: C- She really had only two good episodes this season, 5 and 10 (yes the HOTU could have been better, but it worked for a tv audience. The dragons burning Pyat Pree and her locking XXD and Doreah in the vault were a bit cheesy however. The final scene of raiding the palace was a decent finish though). Thankfully those were her major episodes, but the writing and Clarke's acting in almost every other scene was painful to watch. Particularly the gates of Qarth scene in ep. 4. God that was bad. Also, did they really have to kill off Rakharo *and* Irri, the latter not even getting a proper sendoff?Stannis and co: B-, needed more screentime leading up to Blackwater. Storms end/Cortnay Penrose should not have been cut. Davos and Melisandre are portrayed fantastically, but they really screwed up Stannis' character in the finale with him choking Mel and admitting he knows he murdered his brother.Jaime/Brienne: Not much to go off of, but what they've done with these characters this season has been reasonable. I will also say Jaime's scenes were the highlight of ep. 7 for me. Great interaction between the characters in the two scenes they've had together, which gives me confidence about next season. A-Overall, some of this season was poor because they needed more time, other things due to lazy/bad writing (the acting is almost always excellent thankfully), and others due to poor allocation of screentime (please die Ros). It's still better than 95% of television, and was a very enjoyable ride, but overall a bit of a disappointment compared to season 1. Hopefully upon future viewings my opinion will improve as my inner book reader voice/critic cools off. I'm hopeful that splitting SoS into 2 seasons will be give us the focus we need on each character and storyline, and I'm predicting this will turn out to be a very good decision. Just hoping they end with the purple wedding.
					
					
							Edited by Frost_Nocturne, 05 June 2012 - 05:27 AM.
2821	Frost_Nocturne	2012-06-05	The White Walkers. I loved the White Walkers. Very realistic looking and they had an ephemeral, other-world look to them. Those blue eyes were haunting. However, I really hate Sam just sitting there as a zombie army amasses around him and the White Walkers just not caring about him. Doesn't make any sense. Also, although realistic, I didn't like how the three horn blasts were so close together. I imagined them being deeper and mor edrawn out. That isn't really important though. Also, the attack should ahve been at night. That is kind of important for White Walkers. Great looks with fundamental flaws gets you a C.This is exactly how I feel about the ending. I had been envisioning a night scene of the Fist with close-ups on Sam and LC Mormont as the horn blows deep and slow, then the camera zooms out as the third blast rings through the night. Maybe you see a glimpse of a WW army surrounding the fist, maybe not. But they decided to go all out, and while they did fine work creating the Others and wights, Sam being in the middle of it was ridiculous. Also unfortunate that they dragged in an attempt at humor in the beginning of the scene. This, along with it being daytime, the horn being so soft and quickly blown, and Sam surviving despite his position, all combine to make the scene feel less terrifying than it should. It should have had a serious, foreboding feeling from the beginning. Compare it to the final scene of S1. Huge difference in tone.
2822	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	The Lost Direwolf...... i would like it to be made explicitly known that i didnt take the same issues as other people did about season 1. I brought up the Renly and Loras thing because that was an example of people over reacting to script changes.
 My apologies if i wasnt clear enough about that
2823	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-06-05	B-. Please remember that I consider 'A' a godly top-tier quality show that will never be surpassed in history. B- is quite nice. I liked season 2 and didn't mind most of the changes done, because I can re-read the books anytime and I'm playing a pen and paper RPG so I can relive any moment of the series as I imagine it to be /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
But in all seriousness, I am in peace with the fact that it is an adaption and will never be the same as the books. Non-readers enjoy it precisely because they are disconnected from the events of the book, so half of the things that would disappoint them, don't.
2824	Roose Seal	2012-06-05	The Lost Direwolf...... i would like it to be made explicitly known that i didnt take the same issues as other people did about season 1. I brought up the Renly and Loras thing because that was an example of people over reacting to script changes.My apologies if i wasnt clear enough about thatOops sorry, misread your post.
2825	Xray the Enforcer	2012-06-05	[mod] Keep it civil. [/mod]
2826	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-06-05	Season 1 grade A or A+
Season 2 grade B or B- not sure.
It is still pretty good television so B or B- is not a grade that I give to bad or even mediocre shows,  but I do have some significant issues with how they handled parts of it so it is not great the way season one was but still good and entertaining. Certainly a noticeable drop in quality from the first season.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 05 June 2012 - 07:01 AM.
2827	Come Try Me	2012-06-05	Before last season's premier of "Game of Thrones," I had never heard of ASoIaF and was blown away by the HBO series. After watching about six episodes, I decided the read the books and fell in love with them. The old saying, the book is always between than the movie and its true in this case. I would give this season a C-. Blackwater was the best episode and the Theon arc extremely well done but they completely screwed Dany, Jon and Stannis IMO and the entire season felt rushed. Last season I would give an A.
2828	Dolorous Ali	2012-06-05	1st season: A+
2nd season: B
If it wasn't for Blackwater, I'd give it a C, because they fucked up Arya and Jon's story. The house of the undying was not even remotely enough. Still, I will keep watching show, because if GRRM decides to stop writing or something happens to him that makes him stop writing, the show would be the only way to know what will happen in the end, as GRRM has told the producers the main plot points of the future novels.
					
					
							Edited by Dolorous Ali, 05 June 2012 - 07:06 AM.
2829	KAralinda	2012-06-05	S1 - A-
S2 - B-
My guess is that S3 and probably S4 it will be more less the same grades... But i will be real curious how they will adapt Feast of Crows and Dance with Dragons... If the Series get there...
2830	Reposado	2012-06-05	This was NOT the story last year. The story was that the show had been ruined because of the changes...That story was led by the loud minority, just as this years reactions of disgust is held by the minority. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of the people who watched the show absolutely loved it.This is not to take away what anyone feels about the show. There are people here that have been fans of these books for over 10 years that have been coming to this sight or it's predecessor to talk about them. We have all earned the right to have an opinion.not exactly. yeah there was a minority that objected to all changes last year. but this it has been joined by a growing faction that feels that the show has dipped largely in quality because what we have seen on the screen has not been that good. and yes, partially these complaints are voiced about scenes that were changes because those are largely the parts that don't work. most people that i know that watch it haven't read the books, and there is a growing feeling that this season was a mess as a tv show. good parts, surely but a lack of compelling drama.there could have been zero changes and it would still not worked with the cliff notes approach to plotting they used.1) House of the Undying. It seems obvious that the prophecies in the books are crucial to the plot of the story...why would D&D scrap these?in retrospect it makes sense to drop most of them for the show. they don't know exactly what will be cut in the show. daenerys might not light three fires, she may not be betrayed three times, etc... certainly parts they could have kept though
2831	TC_Chaos	2012-06-05	There should be a poll in this thread.
This season is definitely not the same quality as the first one in terms of keeping the adaptation faithful. However, the last two episodes were really good.
Season 1 = A-
Season 2 = B-
Overall though, this show is still my most anticipated show to look forward. I'm going to buy the blu-ray to show support. If only book 6 comes out next year too...
					
					
							Edited by TC_Chaos, 05 June 2012 - 08:25 AM.
2832	The GreatRon	2012-06-05	C
disappointed all around with it minus a few good moments.
2833	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	Oops sorry, misread your post.No problem... I completely understand your reaction to the interpretation you got. If I had thought that someone was slandering people for homosexuality, I would have called it out as well. My apologies as well for not making it clearer.
2834	TheEvilKing	2012-06-05	King's Landing - ASuperb performances by Tyrion, Cersei, Varys and Joffrey. They made the story more basic but still kept to the books. Also, that motherfucking Blackwater episode bitches.Arya - C+The acting carried these scenes. Arya, Tywin, Yoren and Jaqen all put in really great performances. The storyline itself was rather stupid, and the changes to Arya's kills felt stupidly forced. Made the first big change of the series to really piss me off by not having Arya kill the guard. Harrenhal looked great but I wish we'd seen more of it.The Dragonstone Crew - C+Stannis wavered between excellent and silly (the scene where he strangles Mel... just no, sorry, that was dumb). I think the main trio have been brilliantly cast but erratically written. Also suffered from a lame intro, not enough screen time, poor handling of the shadow assassin and Sallador Saan's pointless appearance.Robb's Army - DHaving more Robb sounded so good, but then they wasted it all on a boring, cliched love story. And it turns out Talisa is, apparently, just a noblewoman from Volantis, since they've already been to the Crag to negotiate a surrender and apparently nothing of any interest happened there. Casual viewers will not know who Roose Bolton is. Coupled with Walder Frey's total of about 3 minutes screentime, it'll be interesting to see how they react to the end of next season.Iron Islands/Winterfell - A-The ending of this storyline could have been better, but it seems they spent the budget elsewhere. Some really intense scenes, as well as marvelous acting from Maester Luwin and to a lesser extent Theon, helped to make this story a win.Jon Snow - F+Just crap. The false cliffhanger with Craster, Qhorin being a really old dude instead of a badass, and the utter bungling of the climatic scene. The + is for Ygritte who I think has been cast and written quite well, but we spent far too much time with her and Jon wandering around together.Dany - CDifficult one to grade, as so much has changed from the books. Started off fairly low key in the Red Waste. Oh look, they've killed of Rakharo, one of my favourite minor characters. That scene at the gates of Qarth was cringeworthy. What of the Qarthians? Xaro was played well, as was Pyat Pree. The Spice Merchant was a delight! Quaithe hasn't even spoken to Dany yet. Why did they even bother to cast her at this stage? Why no prophecies from her or the Undying? Why do they hate prophecies? Oh wow, Xaro and Pyat have turned on the Thirteen and taken Qarth. That was a cool plot twist. But they killed off Irri, one of my favourite minor characters. The House of Undying... the Throne Room scene was lovely, the Wall, Drogo... that was it? No portents? Pyat Pree's dead, Xaro's dead, oh and look they've killed off Doreah, one of my favourite minor characters.What of Dany herself? She alternated between being poorly written and acted and well written and acted. Jorah was the biggest disappointment though. One of the strongest performances in season 1, he's been reduced to Dany's loyal lapdog, faithfully following his khaleesi around and gaping at her with puppy dog eyes.Overall season rating: B-
2835	Leto Atreides	2012-06-05	I give Season one an  A-Season 2:  CRating by character storylines:Robb & Cat: FArya: D-Brienne: B+Sansa: CDaenerys: DTyrion: B+ Theon: AJon: D-Stannis: CDavos: B+
2836	Thunderfist	2012-06-05	As a whole IÂ´d give season 2 an F
2837	Reposado	2012-06-05	I gave an overall grade earlier but I'd like to go in on this plotline rating
Theon A.
fantastic acting from allen throughout, great scenes and a logical plotline. my onlu complaint is the strange ending,
Daenerys D
Red Waste worked. Qarth didn't. The plotline where Xaro becomes king is silly. Something of that magnitude needed to be delved into more or shelved.
Jon F
none of this worked. This was supposed to make me like Ygritte. I hate her. Just boring tv throughout.
Arya C+
the scenes with Tywin were good but eventually became repetitive. The scenes with Jaqen were good also. But it was all too easy for Arya.
Robb F
Partially biased because I was excited to see new scenes with him. What we got was a mess that made me want him to lose the war.
Tyrion/Cersei A-
Good scenes abounded but I felt we never got to see what Tyrion was doing that was so smart.
Jaime A++
every scene he was in was magic
Davos C
Underserved. Complaining only that we didn't get enough of it. Much more Dragonstone would have been better with a lot more screentime.
2838	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	Season 1: A, 9/10.
Season 2:
King's Landing: A, 9/10
Theon/Winterfell: A, 9/10
Arya/Harrenhal: C, 6/10
Stannis/Dragonstone: D. 5/10
Jon/North of Wall: D. 5/10
Dany/Qarth: F  3/10
Robb/Catelyn: D, 5/10
Renly/Tyrells: B 8/10
Overall: C+,  7/10
2839	Sanette	2012-06-05	Season 1: A
Season 2: C
And it isn't just because they fucked up the characters. It just wasn't as good as the first one. The best episodes are imo: 3, 5, 9. Sakharov should direct all the episodes. At least he showed some talent and new ideas. The writing was really weak for some characters, full of plot holes and clichA©s. Except Theon's storyline there wasn't a scene that I found moving or memorable. No build-up, no suspense, just generic and endless dialogue scenes that didn't accomplish anything. The Blackwater episode just makes it worse because I can compare it with the rest. It's still "good" television. Not great but good. The visuals and costumes are beautiful but it isn't a great adaptation anymore. Also the soundtrack adds A LOT to my grade. Love it even more than the first one.
And rating by plotlines:
Theon/Winterfell: A
It was excellent until they ended it with that anticlimatic scene.
Daenerys: C
I was ok with the changes at first. The scene where Pyat Pree kills the 13 is beautifully shot. But then it just went to hell. Xaro was unbelievably annoying and then the HoTU happened... or didn't happen. A terrible ending to what could have been a great storyline.
Catelyn/Robb: D
Just bad. Robb's romance is so corny it makes me laugh and Catelyn just sits there. Telling them about the death of Bran and Rickon would make this much better.
Arya/Harrenhall: D
Again, a missed opportunity. Chatting with Tywin doesn't really make for interesting television. Especially when you repeat it for two or three episodes. And I felt like her storyline wasn't dark enough. There was no real threat. Extra points for Jaqen though.
Jaime: A
Good. I can't really complain about anything. NCW is perfect for the role.
Stannis: B
Meh. Wasn't bad but it could have been great. Just add a few more atmospeheric scenes with Mel and Stannis and the whole storyline would come alive.
King's Landing: A
Just because of Blackwater. Otherwise there isn't much interesting happening. Tyrion just chats with Cersei and Varys. No real plotting or suspense.
Jon: D
My favourite character and it was probably the worst storyline. There was no atmosphere, no emotions and none of the great dialogues from the book. Rose Leslie is brilliant as Ygritte so she saves some of the scenes. Still, they fucked up Jon's and Qhorin's character and nothing can really make up for that.
					
					
							Edited by Sanette, 05 June 2012 - 06:06 PM.
2840	Sun	2012-06-05	Season 2 ==== B:Mostly for butchering both Robb and Catelyn's characters,  but also for some of really bad writing (Robb/Talisa scenes were universally dire), and for pacing issues in the first 4 episodes of the season. They also lost points for the finale, of which I found the last 18 minutes or so of Dany, Jon, and the Zombie apocalyps sequences, really sub par - they really demolished the impact and bungled the significance of Jon killing Qhorin.For reference, Season 1 ==== B+.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 June 2012 - 07:10 PM.
2841	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	Honestly, this show could never get anything below an A for me. 
I have minor problems with certain aspects, but it's the best thing on TV.
2842	Sun	2012-06-05	Honestly, this show could never get anything below an A for me.I have minor problems with certain aspects, but it's the best thing on TV.i wish I could say that, I really really do, but sadly I can't. Don't get me wrong, I like the show a lot, I even love certain aspects of it. However, this year alone, I've enjoyed Mad Men, Justified, Spartacus Vengence, and Sherlock a lot more than I have GOT S2.
2843	johnnysd	2012-06-05	well perhaps if i was able to completely separate the tv show from the book, but i find it impossible not to compare the two. and i feel like hbo has made it especially hard seeing as they made so many changes.  doing that just begs for those who are familiar with both to contrast the two. quite frankley, i haven't trusted D&D since the little finger/ros scene in season 1, and there's been a number of things this season which have given me more reason to distrust them when they stray from the source.well perhaps if i was able to completely separate the tv show from the book, but i find it impossible not to compare the two. and i feel like hbo has made it especially hard seeing as they made so many changes.  doing that just begs for those who are familiar with both to contrast the two. quite frankley, i haven't trusted D&D since the little finger/ros scene in season 1, and there's been a number of things this season which have given me more reason to distrust them when they stray from the source.I have read the books 3 times, first one 4 and I have to say in all seriousness that I think that the show has hit every single MAJOR plot point of the books. I really cannot think of one they took out, maybe Ramsay but Theon's arc was the same and he is coming next year.If someone were to read the books only ONCE, they might think that the books were a literal adaptation of the novels.I think it is unbelievably faithful to the books. Ridiculously soFor my grades:Season 1: A+Season 2 A+ (but a tad behind season 1)Numerically might  be better:Season 1 99Season 2 96
2844	TeamDanyArya	2012-06-10	Season 1: A Out of the three shows that premired on premium roughly around that time frame last year (Camelot, The Borgias, and GOT), this was what got me hooked from minute one. Best TV show currently on.
Season 2: B They made my least favorite of the 5 books more interesting. And, yes, still the best TV show currenlty on.
2845	moonsblood	2012-06-10	S1:A+
S2:C
2846	Istakhr	2012-06-10	I am not sure about the definition of an adaptation, so I am trying to only review this as a standalone show considering it completely unrelated to ASoIaF series:
Season 1: A-
Very good show all around, too much exposition, faux medieval set up executed brilliantly, the Dothraki can only be considered a poor parody of a nomadic culture, inconsistent tone of the show switching between mostly a serious show and a fluff piece
Compared to other shows in the same category: Better than Mad Men, not as good as Breaking Bad
Season 2: B
Good show, A clear fluff show, a glorious jumble of violence, magic, nudity and great one liners, the general tone of the show is now a much more consistent fluff show but sometimes it still takes itself too seriously with underusing fun characters for the sake of plot (They could have kept Renly longer, or brought Dany to Westeros, Jon could have met Ygritte sooner) , Great collection of cool scenes
Compared to other shows in the same category: Better than True Blood and Spartacus
General Complaint: The complete change of tone, plot, character development between season 1 and 2. They shouldn't try to change the general tone of the show again for the next season. This is something that is simply not done in any TV show and can take the viewer out of the experience and is very confusing.
2847	Zod	2012-06-10	D (on a grade scale that typically means between 70 to 75 out of 100).There were lots of really great scenes in almost every episode, but also lots of really questionable changes and plenty of bad scenes even disregarding the books.  Blackwater was awesome, but I have no real desire to watch any of the other episodes again any time soon.What grade scale are you going by???D on the grade scale is between 50 to 59, depending on whether it is D-, simply D, or D+.A 70 to 75 would be a B- to a B.Which one were you going for? The 55 grade score or the B-grade?
2848	Jayaris	2012-06-11	Personally, I'm going to have to give it a Y(My Season 1 Rating is an A+ (Relevant, so you put more weight into my Y rating))  - Cause I want you to be both shocked and awed by the lowness of my rating and also to understand that I'm quite upset about the way the Season quality has dropped.Despite my Y rating I will say as a whole I enjoyed everything in the show other than some minor/moderate story inconsistencies, unfortunately I'm slightly retarded and arbitrarily assign letters with no thought to my actual rating.Oh well, I suppose that's my life now - I better keep complaining about the show until the next season (I think I will drop my Y rating down to an X after a few months to keep things fresh (I'll attribute it to re-watches)).
2849	kephv	2012-06-11	7/10. They really dropped the ball on too many character's storylines this season. Sad because the first season was a 10 for me.
2850	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-06-11	When I first watched GoT with no knowledge of it ever having existed beforehand I thought it was the most pants-shittingly amazing TV show ever, I gave it a raving A+ and forced all my friends to watch it with me, they two all gave it raving A+sWhen Season 2 came around I had finished book 5 and found I was VERY disappointed in this season, I gave the first 8 episodes an "Eh" rating, and was amused by 9 and 10.This is exactly what I did, and how I feel about Season 2.
2851	Independent George	2012-06-11	Season 1: A-
Season 2: B+
I think season 2 was really hurt by the fact that it's a transition book. Narratively, there is no resolution to most of the plot threads - it's just a waystation n the way to SOS.
I'm not a purist, but I really was bothered by several changes from the books. I liked most of the plot changes (streamlining Arya in Harrenhall, eliminating the gaping plot hole from Qarth), but the character/motivation changes to Jaime and Robb/Catelyn really hurts the story. I don't use the term lightly, but Jon/Qhorin's storyline got butchered. 
I understand (though I disagree with) making Jaime into the monster he only pretends to be as a means of highlighting his redemption arc, but for the life of me I can't comprehend the point of turning two independent acts of grief and desperation into sheer stupidity. We end up at the same place plotwise, but the motivations and meaning behind the actions are completely different, and weaker as a result.
2852	Greywolf2375	2012-06-11	What grade scale are you going by???D on the grade scale is between 50 to 59, depending on whether it is D-, simply D, or D+.A 70 to 75 would be a B- to a B.Which one were you going for? The 55 grade score or the B-grade?From a highschool grading standpoint, the range of D scores for my school was 64-73, which is I believe how that poster was judging it.I believe I generally scored S1 between 7-9, mostly with 8-9.  Those scores are against what Game of Thrones can be on TV as a TV show - not a blockbuster movie made into a one hour show.For S2, most of my scores were 6-8, mostly with 7's.   This series for me has never been about the "destination" since very few story lines have been closed out.  It is all about the journey - and for me many of the character journeys this season were less than they could have and should have been.For example, in the end Jon is with the wildlings.  "destination" accomplished.  The journey they put him on however was weak.  The Craster cliffhanger, pouting his way into the ranging, chasing Ygritte - by this point in the series Jon had shown that he had matured, grown and learned more of what it is to be a man of the Nights Watch and the character had grown.  In the TV series he has shown none of that. I don't watch a lot of TV, and in fact no other episodic show as consistently as this one, so I can't honestly compare it.  However, based on what I do see, yes, this is top flight TV.  Doesn't mean it can't be better within the same constraints it works with now.
2853	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-11	B+ for me. I had a couple of problems with it, but I had a couple of problems with the book too.
2854	Ran	2012-06-11	Last season was about 8.5/10 for me.
This season was 7/10. I hope this is typical sophomore-season faltering and that they get their act together for the next two seasons. They need to trust the material like they did in the first season, and when they're deviating, they had best be absolutely sure the quality is as high or better than what they're deviating from.
					
					
							Edited by El Ranatico Loco, 11 June 2012 - 08:42 AM.
2855	bikie	2012-06-11	if last season was a solid A in my book, this second season would be a C.
in my opinion, the producers catered to the source material in season one, and then to the audience in season two. understandable as far as a show that relies on ratings is concerned, but less enjoyable to me. I still anxiously look forward to season three.
2856	teemo	2012-06-11	I'm pretty sure I would have given this season a B if I never read the books.  Reading the books....um, more like D+ or C.  I can't separate the two like some of you can.  Last season was without a doubt an A on every level.  It's frustrating...if they were as good as last season, we could be looking at a show that has potential to be in the leagues of the some of the "big shows" on HBO, like The Sopranos and Deadwood.  But it's not that good, not even from the eyes of a non-book viewer.  While most of my friends still love the show, none of them think it was as good as last season.  Most common complaint I've heard: too much talking that wasn't interesting and not enough action.  The person I watched it with kept falling asleep most episodes, and last season they were pretty into it.  *sigh*  maybe next season.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 11 June 2012 - 11:21 AM.
2857	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-11	If the scale is "compared to what else is on TV", I'd have given this season about a 8.5 -- same as I'd have given last season. The two seasons were different, and had different pluses and minuses.Last season, I thought the sex was just over the top  Some of the scenes with Ros were just -- uh, no.  That's not why I watch TV.  This season seemed to tone down the sex to being more nudity, which I though was a significant improvement.  I'd probably have given last season a 9.5 otherwise.I downgrade this year for Daneaery's story (weaker than last year, though the book story was weaker as well), Jon's lack of focus, and Robb's storyline.  Though against, Robb's storyline in ACOK was weaker as written as awell).But I give this year a plus for some superb acting that gave us some great scenes.  Theon really blossomed, Arya and Tywin's scenes were complete treats, the Hound grew, Tyrion and all of KL, with Cersei, Joffrey, etc., gave the exact right sense as the books.  Even Jaime (and Brienne), despite the variations, really established their characters well.  Not exactly as in the books, but definitely recognizable as Jaime and Brienne.  Some of the dialogue and set-piece scenes this season struck me as superior to anything last season.  I give particular credit for what they've done with Varys.  I never quite got a good sense of him in the books, but what they've done on-screen is, in my opinion, fantastic, and deepened my enjoyment of the source material.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 11 June 2012 - 11:51 AM.
2858	SFA-OK	2012-06-11	I haven't watched the last episode yet but for the rest of the season I'd give it a C, maybe a C+. 
The worst thing about the show is it's not bad, but it's not great or even that good. It's in this weird middle ground of being fairly forgettable and mediocre like a lot of recent movies that get praised by movie critics. I'd almost wish it were legitimately bad (if it wasn't going to be legitimately good) because then it would at least be somewhat memorable. 
One of the first things I ask myself after watching a movie or show is "Would I want to watch this again?" and most of the time the answer is definitely not, and that unfortunately applies to this show outside of one or two episodes. The books, on the other hand, I plan on re-reading at least once because they are legitimately entertaining and very well written.
2859	irith	2012-06-11	First season was probably an A-, this season is probably a B for me. Last season felt much more consistent to me, whereas this one was a little more hit-or-miss. Episodes 6, 7, and 9 (I think) stood out as fantastic, whereas some others were mediocre or had a bit of a marking time feel. Most changes I don't mind; the logistics of TV kind of preclude having a huge cast and a million locations. I think it could have been more subtle, and a little deeper from a writing standpoint, but it was still pretty entertaining.
Also, I think my lack of major disappointment comes from how I watch this show. I watch it for the characters' depth, political machinations, etc. For symbolism, tight, cohesive writing, and overall polish, I look elsewhere. As much as I love ASOIAF, there are several shows on TV that are much better, such as Mad Men and Breaking Bad. GoT hasn't descended into The Walking Dead territory yet, but it's hovering somewhere between that (the epitome of a C or C- show, imo) and the greatness it had in season 1.
2860	Le Cygne	2012-06-11	9/10 for season 1
7/10 for season 2
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 12 December 2012 - 06:32 PM.
2861	Mulled Wino	2012-06-12	I can tell you this, seasOn 1- i couldnt wait for Sunday night and the episodes stayed on my dvr even though i could get them on demand.
Season 2, pretty much i would find time to watch the week's episode usually by Wednesday and the episode would be deleted directly after viewing.
Jon Show and the other goofballs north of the wall killed it for me.  I just couldnt get over the lack of consisteny and lousy interpretaion of how serious and dangerous things are in the real north.  
There were a lot of missed opportunities for dramatic tv.  D&D seemed like they purposefully kept the action and drama to a minimum.  Weasel soup, the chase of the rangers by Rattleshirt, Jamie and Brienne's chase, arya performing violence........
I agree that GoT is becoming more fluffy, but please lets not get to calling it True Blood yet.
2862	sdchris	2012-06-12	I give it an A.  I thought they did a good job trying to condense the book into an easily followable series.  I'm happy with how they stuck to the general theme, regardless of differences in the book.
I'm looking forward to them splitting a storm of swords into two parts.  This might give them more wiggle room with budget.  Also, there isn't a giant battle as there was in ACOK, so I feel that they can make seasons 3 and 4 better than the previous 2 seasons.
I still very much enjoy the show and the interpretations of the books.
2863	Lord Over	2012-06-13	I give it B+
Not bad, but I expected you to do better <insert student name>
Were it not for the Blackwater episode, which I had re-watched five times now, I would have given this season a much lower grade. Nonsensical Quarth plot-line, insipid Talisa romance and the ascenion of Ros the Slayer...oh come now, you all know she's Azor Ahai reborn.
2864	Lonin	2012-06-15	I give it A,
its my favorite TV show.. watched it instead of a NBA playoff game.
There are just so many story arcs in the book thats its almost impossible to cover all the readers favorite character incidents.
I believe they did a great job of covering acok in about 10 hours of TV.
Looking forward to season 3.
2865	xylem	2012-06-16	I'd give a B-  (relative to A+ for season 1).
I'm grading it purely from a viewer perspective, as I'm only now in process of reading the first book, so I can't evaluate it relative to the book; only relative to the story-telling I saw in season 1.
I was disappointed in season 2.  On the other hand, it was this very disappointment that started me reading the series!  I had carefully avoided reading the books between seasons 1 and 2, because I had thoroughly enjoyed the rare experience of getting to enjoy tv/movie fantasy unspoiled by book expectations.  It was wonderful to not have a clue what was coming up... and to be able to watch the show unmarred by dashed expectations about how things "should have been done".
But season 2 felt largely disjointed and minimal in character development.  The things I loved best about season 2 were the development of Theon's character and the introduction of Brienne.  I was surprised and disappointed that the story arcs for Arya, Sansa, Bran, and Dani didn't progress more than they did... it seemed like Dani just spent the entire season hanging out in the city; Sansa pretty much the same thing, except stuck in a different city! Bran's and Arya's story arcs started to take shape, but I'd expected more...  And as for newly introduced characters like Stannis, I just never quite got a sense of what he was about and what his motivations were.  I get the impression from reading this forum that there's a lot of backstory to the Baratheon brothers that just hasn't made it into the tv series.
Overall, it felt like there was a ton of war and gore, with little payoff in terms of character development or interesting political development.
Anyhow, the end result is that I was left so frustrated by season 2, that I've started reading the books so that I can get the backstory I'm missing.  (And really enjoying it so far!!... I'm about halfway through book 1 right now... )
2866	mooksman	2012-06-18	Tried hard as I could not to be too nerdy here, but I don't see how I can give this season more than a straight up D.  I feel like the themes and characters are oversimplified or misinterpreted across the board, the story is watered down and the world and setting are ruined.  Some decent performances (Charles Dance, Alfie Allen) and fantastic set pieces (Harrenhal, Blackwater) are not enough to save this clunky dud.  I'm continually mystified that this show is becoming so popular.  How does the casual viewer even know what's going on?  We have corny, trite dialogue replacing/contrasting GRRM's original wit (I don't want to be a Queen, I want to be THE Queen god that line made me barf) and unlikable (Robb, etc), inconsistent characters (Tywin, etc) across the board. Doctors without boarders in the West, Larry Fine and his girlfriend in the North - Lord Tywin Lannister, once and future Hand of the King, the most powerful, wealthy, and influential man in Westeros, annoyingly omnipotent and generally badass - sharing tea with his cupbearer and discussing his innermost feelings about his children?  Would TYWIN fucking LANNISTER suffer to be questioned by a servant?  The payoff at the end of book 3 is ruined.  Lots of stuff is ruined/wasted.  I got lots more but I'm tired of this post.Also, one of 1,000 nitpicks but this one particularly irks me:  In episode 7, Dagmar (I guess he's supposed to be Dagmar, even though he looks/acts/has a completely different role) tells Theon he has to kill Rodrik - he must 'pay the Iron Price'.  What.  That is not the iron price what the hell is HBO smoking?  That doesn't make any sense!  So Rodrik has to kill Theon and take his necklace?  Why would Dagmar suggest that Rodrik - one who is not Iron Born and an unruly captive (somehow, they never explain how exactly they captured him and his army of several hundred men) - submit to a tradition of the Iron Islands wherein he must only keep loot he gained from plundering?  It's watered down horseshit is what it is.  Then Rodrik tells Bran he's going to 'be with his father, boy' which just made me break into laughter.  I do not think that was the intention of that scene.Rant over!!!!
2867	protar	2012-06-20	Tried hard as I could not to be too nerdy here, but I don't see how I can give this season more than a straight up D.  I feel like the themes and characters are oversimplified or misinterpreted across the board, the story is watered down and the world and setting are ruined.  Some decent performances (Charles Dance, Alfie Allen) and fantastic set pieces (Harrenhal, Blackwater) are not enough to save this clunky dud.  I'm continually mystified that this show is becoming so popular.  How does the casual viewer even know what's going on?  We have corny, trite dialogue replacing/contrasting GRRM's original wit (I don't want to be a Queen, I want to be THE Queen god that line made me barf) and unlikable (Robb, etc), inconsistent characters (Tywin, etc) across the board.Doctors without boarders in the West, Larry Fine and his girlfriend in the North - Lord Tywin Lannister, once and future Hand of the King, the most powerful, wealthy, and influential man in Westeros, annoyingly omnipotent and generally badass - sharing tea with his cupbearer and discussing his innermost feelings about his children?  Would TYWIN fucking LANNISTER suffer to be questioned by a servant?  The payoff at the end of book 3 is ruined.  Lots of stuff is ruined/wasted.  I got lots more but I'm tired of this post.Also, one of 1,000 nitpicks but this one particularly irks me:  In episode 7, Dagmar (I guess he's supposed to be Dagmar, even though he looks/acts/has a completely different role) tells Theon he has to kill Rodrik - he must 'pay the Iron Price'.  What.  That is not the iron price what the hell is HBO smoking?  That doesn't make any sense!  So Rodrik has to kill Theon and take his necklace?  Why would Dagmar suggest that Rodrik - one who is not Iron Born and an unruly captive (somehow, they never explain how exactly they captured him and his army of several hundred men) - submit to a tradition of the Iron Islands wherein he must only keep loot he gained from plundering?  It's watered down horseshit is what it is.  Then Rodrik tells Bran he's going to 'be with his father, boy' which just made me break into laughter.  I do not think that was the intention of that scene.Rant over!!!!As awful an adaptation as season 2 was, you didn't like the Rodrik beheading? Probably the most powerful book deviation of the series.
2868	Ran	2012-06-20	I agree, the decision to have Theon kill Rodrik personally -- rather than indirectly (because, face it, Rodrik dies because of Theon in the novel) -- was a terrific move. Some people may grouse about Reek or the Reeds not being around, but it was a great adaptation choice and I've seen very, very few people (one, exactly) who has taken issue with it.
2869	The hairy bear	2012-06-20	While I also agre that Rodrik's death was a great scene and one of the "good desviations" from the book, referring to it as "paying the iron price" was an inconsistency with how this term had been defined both in the books and in the show itself.
2870	ICE CROW	2012-06-20	I agree, the decision to have Theon kill Rodrik personally -- rather than indirectly (because, face it, Rodrik dies because of Theon in the novel) -- was a terrific move. Some people may grouse about Reek or the Reeds not being around, but it was a great adaptation choice and I've seen very, very few people (one, exactly) who has taken issue with it.I agree having Theon kill Rodrik was was an amazing and powerful scene, but one aspect of it felt sloppy to me. They say they caught him coming back from Torrhen's Square and it seems he was by himself, where were the 200 hundred men that went with him? and why would he head back to Winterfell by himself. I could understand leaving a hundred men at Torrhen's Square in case of another attack, but Ser Rodrik would not have gone back to Winterfell by himself.I don't think i rated this season yet, for me it was a 7 out of 10. Season 1 was 9 out of 10, hopefully ASoS being split into two seasons will give the show a chance stay more in line with the book.
					
					
							Edited by ICE CROW, 20 June 2012 - 06:34 AM.
2871	Hear me Meow	2012-06-20	I can't judge the show from a purely tv standpoint as I don't watch very much tv.
In regards to both how faithful an adaptation the show is, coupled both with how entertaining to watch it is, in addition to how well it is written, I'd give season 1 8/10.
It only lost marks for its presentation of Cat Stark, which I did not care for (she was my favourite character), too much pointless nudity and some poor added scenes that I just couldn't bring myself to like, such as the Cersei/Robert scene. I know lots of people liked it but I thought it was horrible. 
This season is more like a 4/5. Lots of people are behaving out of character, too many seemingly pointless divergences from the books and whole storylines (Jon's) that even on their own terms make no sense and lack all suspense and drama.
Characters feel very flat and uninteresting compared to the books, and many of the fascinating locations from the books, Harrenhal, Quarth, lack any feeling of uniqueness.
2872	Rockroi	2012-06-20	So, this is not a very easy question as it involves a varying metric: after all, by what measurement do you use to judge Game of Thrones Season II?  For me its this: "Did what I watch entertain me?  Did I enjoy it?"Because the show is an adaptation, I cannot really just ask "did it stay truthful to the books" because there is no way you could- budget, time and cast make that impossible.  I think we have to use our eyes: did what we see make us want to see more?  And did we enjoy what we saw?With that:Overall Grade: BWhy:  I gave Game of Thrones Season II a B because I very much enjoyed what they actually put on the screen.  When the show tackled a story it did so with thought, purpose and intelligence.  The show was able to take us from Ned's death all the way through the Blackwater and in doing so gave us enough (though just enough) of each character to make them all seem real and tethered to the story.  The Highlights:-Tyrion: Season cannot work without the central character for the story to revolve around and Peter Dinkledge's Tyrion Lannister is - in many ways -the perfect character for the story he is in (he rivals Al Swearengen in Deadwood).  The entire story deflates into a confabulation of disparate parts BUT FOR Tyrion.  The Riot, the taming of Joffery, the playing with Baelish-Pycell-Varys, and especially the Blackwater all work because Tyrion works.-Stannis: Every good story needs a villain and although Stannis is more the de facto villain than a real arch-enemy he scares the hell out of so many characters that he gets the mantle, even by default.  Stannis had major growing pains but in the end when he stormed that beach we all stormed it with him.  Blackwater- the episode that is almost universally hailed as the highpoint of the show (or its "saving throw" as it were) only works because we believe in Stannis- for better (the fans) or worse (the producers).-The Queen: Maegery Tyrell was a bright, shinning surprise in Season Two.  Much in the same way Mark Addy greatly improved upon Robert and Harry Loyd made a two dimensional Viserys into a  three-dimensional lunatic, Natalie Dormer's Magaery is complex, hungry, driven and all out.  Unlike other characters who try to balance desires and duties, Aegery Tyrell in Game of Thrones combines them all into one sharp point- its her duty to be Queen.  I said it many times, but Margery Tyrell is "In it to Win It" and its an incredible character development.-The Iron Islands: I never expected to like or appreciate the story of the Iron Isles given their treatment in AFfC; but the actors and dialog not only made them palatable, but enjoyable.  Listening to Theon frantically decry where he is because of his father's failure was a moment I had been waiting for over 12 years and 5 books.  Finally, somebody said what we were all thinking: Balon Greyjoy sucks.  And yet the actor who played Balonw as brilliant.  THe most impressive moment is when Theon is yelling at Balon the camera freezes on the Sea-Chair King's face and its one of regret and pain.-Pace:  The pace of the season was very good; it did not dwell too much on one or two characters and provided the space to see all we needed to see.  There were very few slow spots.-Tywin and Arya: The best new show on cable would have been Tywin Lannister talking to various Westeroes characters while Arya laughs at how stupid they all look.  Here we saw the grafting of a new story on the body of the old and how incredibly intricate these two people were as they intersected each other.  Tywin's coldness and aloofness combined with Arya's "Down and Dirty" lifestyle.  What could have been dead or confusing air was, instead, a master-stroke.-The Blackwater: I could either write a 45 paragraph treatise on why Blackwater worked or just say this: Without the Blackwater Season II would have been a disaster.  Stannis, Tyrion, Joff, Cersei and the battles and CGI enhanced the season mightily in just 55 minutes.  It. Worked.Why Not a Better Grade: If Season Two suffered from any sin it was the fragmentation of the story; before we could really come and enjoy one area we were immediately dragged off to face another.  This clearly hurt Stannis and Mel the greatest (people are still unsure if she really believes in Stannis or is in his thrall).  As so much story had to be churned out we got a disparate mix of "The Wall" and then the "Stormlands" and then "King's Landing" and then "East."  Most of the time it worked, but far too often it felt like you were watching a show go through a blender as some psychotic chef yelled "Quick, look at how the peaches go with the ice!!!  Quick you might miss it!!!"  I thoygh the show wasted time on either a) characters we did not care about or b )  story lines that took up far, far too much space.  Overall, Season two was far more uneven than Season one (for better or worse: season Two's high-point [Blackwater] was far greater than anything in season one).  However here are some stark examples of how the story floundered:-Catlyn Stark: Its not that she was bad, its more like Catlyn represents the "Well, she has to be here" problems of making a TV show with a carry-over cast.  In CoK, Cat does not really take any actions until the very tail end (her presence with Renly is just an excuse for the reader to see Stannis and Renly) when Bran and Rickon are "killed."  But her interaction with Jaime was bifurcated between the end of S1 and the end of S2 and so it lost its intensity (Jaime is basically lost in Season 2 much as he was in the CoK).  And when she does show up its with Robb and therefore Robb's story suffers because instead of a RASH move in marrying Jayne Westerling, Robb just looks like an idiot when his mother is TELLING HIM how stupid he is being but he does it anyway in marrying the Volantis woman.  I think the show did not know what to do with Cat and it cost them.-Jon Snow: No character seemed so utterly perplexed by his own existence than Jon Snow.  Jon seemed to bumble from place to place before the writers gave him his legs back and had him kill Halfhand.  Prior to that it was a bad romantic comedy where the young teenager does not want to have an erection near a girl.  GIRLS ARE ICKY!  The show lost so much time in trying to get Jon by making him this comic fool.  It was all wrong, felt wrong and looked wrong.-Dany: Ughh... maybe the biggest miscalculation of the season was enlarging Dany's footprint in the season when her presence in CoK is minor.  The show made her do too much, take on too much, and take way way wayyyyyy too much time away from other characters.  A massive and hopeless time sinc that wasted away many valable minutes from other spaces the show could have spent that time.  Maybe the most terrible example is the enlargement of the "King of Qarth" storyline and how completely pointless it all was.  An utter failure.  Bottom line: Season Two had great highs and very deep lows.  The unevenness of the whole story left us either "overstuffed" of starving for substance.  The decision to expand Dany and then lose Jon were tragic miscalculations.  However, Tyrion, Stannis (and his cast), and the injection of some much needed interaction of characters (most notably Tywin and Arya) gave us more than enough to declare Season Two a success.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 20 June 2012 - 09:54 AM.
2873	Blutrabe	2012-06-20	Season 1Just for the record, I don't believe that the changes from this season screwed up anything in the long run, and I don't hold the ideas behind most of these, but last year at this time, these were the things people were saying about season 1...Now, everyone is giving Season 1 an AThey completely changed the characters of Ned and Catelyn  when they reversed the positions of who wanted to go to Kings landing and who wanted to stay.They robbed the Hound of every significant line his character hadThey created the character of Ros out of thin air and she took up valuable screen time from what the real story was.They made Ned Stark look like some kind of a cage fighter by having him fight Jaime in the streets.Varrys was much too effeminateThey ruined the characters of Renly and Loras by making them gayThey completely cut the ToJ dream sequence and now the viewer will never understand about R+L=JThey made Littlefinger a pimpThey made Pycelle a whoremongerMark Addy was a terrible choice for Robert because he looked nothing like him,Just a little reminder for those that are throwing fits about the changes in Season 2These changes are relatively minor for the most part (and Renly's relationship with Loras is heavily implied in the books). Now compare them to the changes they made in S2 - that's a whole new dimension. And it's not the fact that they made changes that most book fans are complaining about; it's clear that they have to change stuff for budgetary and production reasons (e.g. delay the introduction of some characters etc) and to streamline the story a bit in order to fit it into 10 hours and make it more accessible for the audience. But there can hardly be an excuse for changing a character's personalisation, motivations and development in a way that makes less sense than in the source material and could easily have been avoided! That happened a lot more often in this season than in the first.
2874	mooksman	2012-06-20	Yeah what those other guys said.  The scene could have been a powerful choice if they hadnt been so sloppy about it.  The set up was just inconsistent.  Instead of getting caught up in the emotion of the scene I was being trying to figure out how Rodrik was captured and what the hell the 'Iron Price' comment was supposed to mean.  That's a common problem in the show, imo.  One of it's greatest sins is just letting things get away from it.  The books are so compelling and gripping partly because the characters are fleshed out and consistent and the situations are clearly defined within a world with structure and rules you understand.  The biggest scene in the series, the Red Wedding, is all the more powerful because you know the hierarchy of Westeros and where the Starks and Freys stand and how Walder Frey would take such an insult (little nuances, like the Westerlings being EXACTLY the type of family the Freys would especially take offense from, add more and more exponentially).  That way when something happens it's already been set up so well it's pretty much allll impact.  In the show there's always a hasty explanation if anything and then a pale imitation of the scene from the book, usually contradicting something that happened before.
A lot of this is just pointing out that it's incredibly difficult for something to be translated between mediums, especially to a medium like television which lives and dies on how many people watch it each week so it HAS to be immediately gratifying.  It's just a shame that millions of people will watch the Red Wedding and think 'oh thats too bad!' then change the channel, when reading that scene in the book was basically like the Mountain punching me in the gut, gauntlets on, ruining my night.  But hey I guess those people wouldn't have read it anyway.
2875	mooksman	2012-06-20	Inconsistencies, yeah, so annoying.  Like why would Tywin Lannister stop by the prisoner's ward where they are torturing them for information - an act he himself ordered presumably (that's how it is in the book, and wouldnt it only make sense in the show since they're trying to find the Brotherhood Without Banners?  Which by the way still hadnt been clearly defined at that point had it?) - and show mercy and those commoners?  Like whaaat?  And then four episodes later he tells the Mountain to go and burn the Riverlands and salt the earth!  Make up your damn mind!  I didn't know Tywin was a flip flopper, gossiping with Arya about Jaime's dyslexia (lol!!) and sharing tea all day.  Tywin Lannister is supposed to be fucking God.
2876	HyacinthGirl	2012-06-20	A+. Maybe I'm easy to please or whatnot, but that beats having all these fits of rage I see some of you suffering.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 20 June 2012 - 01:39 PM.
2877	mooksman	2012-06-20	Tyrion's role in season 2 was cut down to basically nothing and ruined much of the character's complexity.  It's perplexing that HBO could involve so much gratuitous sex and yet still manage to cut out so much of the sex scenes from the book.  I mean GRRM has plenty in book 2, but they're basically all Tyrion and Shae, and they certainly aren't gratuitous.  How many Tyrion Shae scenes did we even get in the show?  I mean that stuff is pretty important - as Tyrion begins to take control of King's Landing, his scenes with Shae keep him grounded and reveal to the reader just how vulnerable and flawed he is as a character, which makes sense for someone in his situation.  He constantly moves her and goes to great lengths to protect and hide her - he puts his personal safety at risk for something that (at the time we think, probably) doesnt even exist because he has the demons of his father and Tysha haunting him.  It endears him even further to the reader.  Maybe they cut it out because they seem obsessed with making Cersei a sympathetic character?  Anyway Tyrion does all these brilliant maneuvers to take control of the city and manage it's defense but as a reader you know just how fragile and precarious his position is, adding to the intensity and the drama and all that.  So when Tyrion takes control of the defenses himself and actually leads men into battle, it's like whoa, dude just doesnt care, what a badass.  All the corny 'son of a bitches' in the world couldnt take away from that moment.
In the show, he basically never seems threatened.  There's little conflict, he just kind of knocks everyone out of his way and makes jokes with Bronn.   Then he leads those men into battle and it's like haha, yeah, is there anything this little guy can't do?  It's still cool, but it's nothing compared to what it coulda been.
2878	Hear me Meow	2012-06-20	Tyrion's role in season 2 was cut down to basically nothing and ruined much of the character's complexity.  It's perplexing that HBO could involve so much gratuitous sex and yet still manage to cut out so much of the sex scenes from the book.  I mean GRRM has plenty in book 2, but they're basically all Tyrion and Shae, and they certainly aren't gratuitous.  How many Tyrion Shae scenes did we even get in the show?  I mean that stuff is pretty important - as Tyrion begins to take control of King's Landing, his scenes with Shae keep him grounded and reveal to the reader just how vulnerable and flawed he is as a character, which makes sense for someone in his situation.  He constantly moves her and goes to great lengths to protect and hide her - he puts his personal safety at risk for something that (at the time we think, probably) doesnt even exist because he has the demons of his father and Tysha haunting him.  It endears him even further to the reader.  Maybe they cut it out because they seem obsessed with making Cersei a sympathetic character?  Anyway Tyrion does all these brilliant maneuvers to take control of the city and manage it's defense but as a reader you know just how fragile and precarious his position is, adding to the intensity and the drama and all that.  So when Tyrion takes control of the defenses himself and actually leads men into battle, it's like whoa, dude just doesnt care, what a badass.  All the corny 'son of a bitches' in the world couldnt take away from that moment.In the show, he basically never seems threatened.  There's little conflict, he just kind of knocks everyone out of his way and makes jokes with Bronn.   Then he leads those men into battle and it's like haha, yeah, is there anything this little guy can't do?  It's still cool, but it's nothing compared to what it coulda been.I agree with this 100%. Good elucidation of the problems with the show's presentation of Tyrion. I also missed the grave feelings of insecurity and inadequacy Tyrion suffered from throughout his tenure as Hand.I still enjoyed this part of the show though and I liked Dinklage's acting.
2879	mooksman	2012-06-20	A+. Maybe I'm easy to please or whatnot, but that beats having all these fits of rage I see some of you suffering.Well I can't speak for everyone, but this kind of stuff is actually kind of fun for me.
2880	mooksman	2012-06-20	And yeah no problem with Dinklage.  He's a joy to watch.
2881	The Anti-Targ	2012-06-21	Argh! What's the context for grades relative to marks out of 10 / 100?
I think my 7/10, in my thinking, relates to a B- or C+ (5-6=C-/C, 6-7=C+/B-, 7-8 = B/B+, 8-9=A-/A, 9-10=A+).
On the ABC scale I give S1 an A-, S2 I can't decide whether my disappointments drop the season to a C+ or whether the good bits keep it at a B-. Either way a substantial qualitative drop from my prespective. Regardless of grade my one sentence comment to go along with the grade is "Must do better next year".
2882	King of the Road	2012-06-23	A+ for me. I love the books, but I think people need to be more open minded with the TV series. It's designed for entertainment, and it simply cannot have everything in it. The A is also well deserved if only for Blackwater, which has to be one of the best TV episodes of all time.
2883	The Last Reyne	2012-06-23	B-/C+. Blackwater was outstanding and Theon was excellent in his descent but I thought that some of the other storylines were weak. I was disappointed with Robb/Talisa story and the Jon/Qorin Halfhand was absolutely aweful. It was a complete butcher job and took away from the overall story. Last the HotU was a major disappointment.
2884	congokong	2012-06-23	Your post covers a lot. I disagree that the dragons looked cool, mainly because they were the same size as season 1.
The writers were sloppy. That's why news can travel at light-speed and characters can be here and then there. And like you said, things just happen with little build up. You'd think these "writers" could have done a copy/paste/cut job without ruining it, but no. They had to make it their own and cause it to make little sense.
By comparison to season 1 and my desire for an adaption of the books rather than an inspiration I give it a D. The Blackwater episode boosted the rating a little.
2885	congokong	2012-06-23	A+ for me. I love the books, but I think people need to be more open minded with the TV series. It's designed for entertainment, and it simply cannot have everything in it. The A is also well deserved if only for Blackwater, which has to be one of the best TV episodes of all time.If you give something an A+ there shouldn't be any flaws really. I don't know why this keeps on having to be stated, but the complaints people have are far more based on unnecessarily changing things rather than just leaving parts out.
2886	mooksman	2012-06-23	A+ for me. I love the books, but I think people need to be more open minded with the TV series. It's designed for entertainment, wait so what were the books designed for?
2887	mooksman	2012-06-23	it's not even so much about the changes being unnecessary.  its that they are bad.  they made the story lines a lot worse.  the robb/talissa thing was really, really bad.  if it wasn't based on asoiaf i would have been saying the same things - like what is this shit fantasy series? - and i certainly would have stopped watching.the show has plot holes, stiff acting, etc etc.  i get that not everything can be in there, that some changes had to be made, some characters adjusted.  it's just that now it sucks!arya didnt kill the guard!  she literally didnt develop at all that whole season.  she went through ZERO turmoil and limited conflict.  she played games with jaqen.  oh, some lannister guard knocked water off her shoulder and hit her upside the head, poor girl!  i mean it's not just that she didnt kill the guard, it's that if she had it wouldnt have made sense because up to that point, she didnt experience any of the things that would lead her to desperation/muderous behavior. i think that change made her story a lot less interesting.
2888	Jayaris	2012-06-27	If you give something an A+ there shouldn't be any flaws really. I don't know why this keeps on having to be stated, but the complaints people have are far more based on unnecessarily changing things rather than just leaving parts out. If you rate it compared to other TV shows you could give it an A+, but compared to Season 1 not really sure how you could give it that.I'd give it a B.I hope that aCoK will be remembered as the worst series and that going forward they will be able to improve with aSoS.
2889	Raksha the Demon	2012-06-27	Considering Season 2 only as a television miniseries and not a book adaption, I'd give it a B, thanks to the stellar performances of Peter Dinklage and Alfie Allen and the outstanding Blackwater episode (Jack Gleeson and Sophie Turner should also be mentioned).  There was too much disjointed talking-and-not-doing; the characters of Jon Snow and (except for her last 10 minutes of screen time) Daenerys were wasted, the romance of Robb and Talisa was painful to watch, I don't think the writers and directors know what to do with Stannis.   Too much gratuitous sex/porn; and too little of shirtless Gendry (would another two minutes have hurt?)...Brownie points for good use of The Mighty Cheekbones and Pretty Blue Eyes of Iain Glen.  (and the visual contrast of Daenerys and Xaro Xoan Whasisname, like a yappy little Maltese trailing a stately Mastiff)  Lovely scenery of Iceland, too bad the story filmed there was not as compelling as the visuals.  Theon's homecoming was well done in all respects.   As for considering Season 2 as a book adaption, I'll save that for another thread; suffice it to say that Season 1 was much, much better.  
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 27 June 2012 - 03:12 PM.
2890	Noeyecue	2012-06-30	I recorded Episodes 5 through 10 and watched them all in one sitting last night, and was pretty disappointed.  The first half of Season Two started okay, and I particularly enjoyed Alfie Allen's performance as a returning Greyjoy Prodigal Son, especially that scene in which he struggled to decide whether to send the warning note to Robb or not. 
However, like many others have said, the other characters suffered from a lack of screen time to build sufficient depth and audience empathy. Stannis in particular, was poorly treated by the screenwriters. In the books, I found him to be one of the more interesting and complex characters - the middle son, capable and dutiful, yet unloved; suddenly given the opportunity to fulfill his duty and achieve personal glory only to have it taken away at Blackwater, yet resilient enough to fight on. By glossing over his backstory, the show treated him just as another power-hungry claimant to the throne, making him much less sympathetic to non-readers. 
Overall, I rate Season 2 a disappointing C (vs a solid A for Season 1) and hope that the Producers and Writers do not try to cram too much of SoS into Season 3.
2891	Lady of Long Lake	2012-07-01	B for season 1 and C for season 2.
The writing and acting were excellent for Tyrion, Cersei, Sansa, Luwin, Bran, Catelyn and Osha.
Arya's acting was A+++ and her storyline was great w/Gendry + Yoren + Tywin + Jacqen. But they diminished her overall by not showing how brave and fierce that child can be. They made her timid and frightened in many scenes and she does not mention being afraid often in her chapters. They gave her a personality reversal and made her a scaredy cat.
Jon's acting was excellent but they destroyed his character AND the entire Wall story. Craster was ridiculous. The dragonglass arrowhead find was changed for the bad. Halfhand was silly. No Ghost was ludicrous. They turned Jon into an oaf that no one would elect as the LC. Ygritte was the only ray of sunshine up North this season:(
Robb's acting was also excellent but he was destroyed as a character, as well. The Talisa story was weak and turned him into a dishonorable, horny fool.
Stannis was brilliantly written and played in the Blackwater episode. The rest of his season was mediocre. I don't care for Mel and find their scenes uncomfortable. She seems 1% a sorceress and 99% a prostitute. The shadowbaby was very well done but the sex scenes were hard to bear. As were the naked whores beating each other for Joffrey's pleasure. And Theon with the ship captain's daughter. And most of the brothel scenes.
Jaime was morphed into a psychopath this season. This will make his moral redemption with Brienne less believable.
Dany's changed story was interesting to me and her acting was better, especially in the Red Sea. I liked how they wrote her this season but the HOTU and Xaro were a little bizarre in their changes.
The Ironborn were difficult to watch but they are unlikable when I read them too.
					
					
							Edited by Lady of Long Lake, 01 July 2012 - 11:00 PM.
2892	Masamune	2012-07-09	Season 1: A-Season 2: C+I should confess that I jumped onto the ASOIAF bandwagon after watching the first season of GOT. I've watched all the episodes beyond counting and when it originally finished I was in two minds whether to wait for next season or spoil myself and delve into GRRM's world of novels. I decided on the latter and haven't looked back since. Did reading the books sour my enjoyment of Season 2? Oh, without a doubt. That being said, it shouldn't make my criticism towards Season 2 any less valid than the next man.Firstly, I agree with whoever said this felt like a cliffnotes version of ACOK .There are so many scenes that they completely skimmed over, which as a result made the whole thing feel rushed and poorly laid out. I can accept enforced changes due to budget and time constraints. For example, I can begrudgingly accept that the Harrenhall chapters needed to be streamlined and the CG Direwolves have little screentime. But what I can't stand are changes that arbitrarily change the structure of the plot and its characters for no good reason.Here's my list (in no particular order) of issues both major and nitpicky:* Jon/Qhorin Halfhand - They completed butchered Jon's arc, which was arguably one of ACOK's strong points. Jon has gone from an able young ranger and leadership material to a sulky dumbass who gets given the run-around by a savage girl and then becomes the butt of several pen0r jokes. So much for Qhorin Halfhand the legendary Ranger, as well. He was more like some crazy old coot than a badass of the Night's Watch.* The Kinslayer - Again, another unnecessary and gratuitous deviation from the source material. The whole point about Jaime, which we learn later on, is that contrary to popular belief he DOES have his own twisted sense of honour. But now he brutally murders his cousin in cold blood, adding kinslayer to his list of crimes. Nevermind the fact it was completely unnecessary to do so.* Robb/Talisa - Wrong, wrong, wrong on so many levels. I don't even know where to begin. How about a vulnerable, attractive woman who wanders the battlefields of Westeros? Yeaaah.... she wouldn't be raped and killed at all. Oh, and how about Robb letting this random woman wander in on his war councils, where all his esteemed bannerman have to up and leave the moment she arrives. Not only that but Robb later decides he wants to make this damsel his bride because the poor idiot's in love and he wants to get back at mummy for upsetting him. Is this Game of Thrones or an Emily Giffin novel?* Littlefinger - They've turned the character into a Snidely Whiplash villain who must be shoehorned into as many scenes as possible. Even when it means doing stupid acts like calling out Cersei or venturing into enemy camps. Also, is it me or has Aidan Gillen suddenly forgotten how to act? From his hammy delivery and messed up accent to his facial expressions, he's like a whole different character.* Brienne of Tarth - More like The Mountain With Breasts, amirite? She looks and acts like some crazy psycho bitch instead of the naive, idealistic knight we all know. Remember how Brienne's first kill was a big deal to her in the books? Now she just butchers men before they've even took up arms.* Weasel Soup - Even though I loved the chemistry between Charles Dance & Maisie Williams, the scenes started to drag on after while and did nothing to advance the plot. Harrenhall was supposed to be a defining moment in Arya's development as she went through hell and back and came of age. Instead, she spends most of Season 2 being Tywin's cosy little cupbearer and uses Jaqen to do all her dirty work for her.* The Mountain - Oh dear Lord, why did they cast such a complete noodle to play the role of Ser Gregor? The man carries no presence whatsoever and his voice is downright cringeworthy. Conan Stevens won't be coming back from the sounds of it, so I'd nominate someone like Nathan Jones. Make it happen, HBO, otherwise the fight with the Red Viper is going to blow hard.* Ros - I don't understand why this characters eats up so much screentime. I guess she worked as the go-to whore for character sexposition but even that was overplayed. Now it's hinted she'll play an even larger role? Her scene with Varys in S2 Ep10 felt like a lame attempt to force us into accepting her character.* Shae - I don't know how people prefer TV Shae. I'll probably get shot for this but is it the pro-feminist stance towards all the female characters on this show that wins people over? They all have to be headstrong girlfriends, when that simply doesn't fly in GRRM's world. TV Shae's more like Tyrion's nagging housewife than his dirty secret. And Sibel Kekilli is possibly the weakest cast member on the show.* Bronn - I know Bronn has something of a Chuck Norris-status within the fanbase but they really went too far this season.  He's made Commander of the City Watch, he can read, he can sing! Oh, and to top it off he was the archer who set the Blackwater ablaze as well (and took time out to save Sandor's life). Is there anything he can't do!? He's supposed to be a common sellsword not the Six Million Dollar Man.* No Shagga, son of Dolf - The Pycelle scene wasn't the same without him.I could really go on but this rant needs to end sometime today.So what did I enjoy about Season 2? Naturally, I thought the Blackwater episode was a glorious spectacle and almost made up for all the mediocrity that came before it... until we got to the final episode. I think aside from one or two niggles (Gregor, Asha), HBO's casting has been top-notch again. And on a whole, the acting remains above-average.Where I was looking forward to Season 2, I have now trepidation towards Season 3. D&D & co need to remember what made the original series such a roaring success and stop writing this terrible fanfiction.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 09 July 2012 - 03:54 PM.
2893	King_Of_Winter	2012-07-28	A for season 1 and A- for season 2. I give the same ratings to the book as well (A for AGoT and A- for ACoK).
I admit, some of the changes didn't thrill me too much, with Robb's storyline being the main offender since I was really looking forward to him tearing up the west with his army up until marrying Jeyne but instead it was some half-assed romance story. However, I don't understand all the hate that season 2 is getting for it. I mean, it's not like they killed off Tyrion and decided to make Dany invade Westeros immediately, the storyline is still obviously that of ASoIaF, only relatively minor things have been altered and occasionally for the better. I did like the changes to Dany's storyline, whilst not great it was a lot more interesting than the lame storyline she has in the book.
I was very impressed with Blackwater, I was worried it was going to look shoddy and not have the epic sense of scale the battle has in the book. I think it is one of the finest hours of television I've seen, behind only Face Off in Breaking Bad and Middle Ground in The Wire.
Overall, the series continues to impress me, and I am really looking forward to season 3 which, if pulled off correctly, could be one of the best seasons of television ever.
2894	Patrick Durden	2012-07-29	Season 2 would be considered great if we hadn't had the fantastic first season. Seeing as how we did though, season 2 just didn't live up to expectations. Jon and Dany's parts come to mind. So boring. One is stuck in a desert, the other in a tundra and nothing really happens. Jon meets a redhead, cool. Dany gets her dragons stolen, then gets them back, cool. On the other hand there was a few bright spots. Arya's talks with Tywin and Robb meeting the nurse version of Jeyne Westerling. In the books we don't see much of Tywin, most of what we know of him is second hand but in the show we got to see how commanding he can be (thanks in part to the great actor). As for Roob and Jeyne, at first I was annoyed with having a romance shoved down my throat but then realized it's good to see first hand the relationship develop which explains why Robb decides to get married and put aside his promise to wed a Frey. In the book he does it because he was horny and didn't want to dishonor her which is really stupid on his part, in the show however he's a young guy who fell in love with a nice girl. Still a bad decision on his part but much more understandable.
Also they totally left Qhorin's influence on Jon Snow out of the show. They could have at least had a scene where Qhorin emphasizes how important it is that he does everything he needs to to survive and blend in as a wildling. Instead he just whispers a few words and then pushes him into the snow. Like I alluded to before, Dany's story could have been way better. Not only was it totally changed but there was zero mention of any prophecy involving a promised Targaryen.
Another bright side was Theon's story, the last second speech was pretty hilarious. Blackwater was a great episode too, obviously.
Season 1 : B+ Great but there wasn't enough fighting.
Season 2 : C+/B- Good but too many things were changed and not for the better.
2895	Shadow on the Wall	2012-11-20	Game of Thrones is a better book than A Clash of Kings.
Season 2 was awesome, imo. For every scene that was worse than in the books (Qhorin and Jon, I'm looking at you), there was a replacement scene that was better than the books. Quite simply, ACoK, is a fascinating sprawling book where nothing particularly exciting happens. And whilst Blackwater was the best bit of ACoK, it was, dare I say it, a little better still in the tv series.
Overall I'd give the season an A-. Similar to what I'd give for Season 1 although I'm in the process of rewatching it atm.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 20 November 2012 - 08:50 PM.
2896	Pinkie Baelish	2012-11-20	I watched the show before I read the books, so when I watched Season 2 the first time, I found it to be better than Season 1.
I find that reading the books actually killed my appreciation of the series a little bit. I'm convinced most of the changes in Season 2 were due to budget and time constraints, so I'm pretty confident that they won't change much for Season 3 and 4 since they have more time to tell the story. I would give both seasons probably an 8.5 or 9 out of 10. Regardless of how you feel about it as an adaptation, you can't deny that it's an excellent TV show.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 04 January 2013 - 07:54 PM.
2897	boojam	2012-11-21	Season 1: A-* Brienne of Tarth - More like The Mountain With Breasts, amirite? She looks and acts like some crazy psycho bitch instead of the naive, idealistic knight we all know. Remember how Brienne's first kill was a big deal to her in the books? Now she just butchers men before they've even took up arms.* Weasel Soup - Even though I loved the chemistry between Charles Dance & Maisie Williams, the scenes started to drag on after while and did nothing to advance the plot. Harrenhall was supposed to be a defining moment in Arya's development as she went through hell and back and came of age. Instead, she spends most of Season 2 being Tywin's cosy little cupbearer and uses Jaqen to do all her dirty work for her.* The Mountain - Oh dear Lord, why did they cast such a complete noodle to play the role of Ser Gregor? The man carries no presence whatsoever and his voice is downright cringeworthy. Conan Stevens won't be coming back from the sounds of it, so I'd nominate someone like Nathan Jones. Make it happen, HBO, otherwise the fight with the Red Viper is going to blow hard.First don't forget, as has been noted an uncountable number of times, a big book story into 10 one hour episodes, how would you like that dumped into your lap?* Brienne of Tarth - I loved this change. Across the 4 novels with her, George is inconsistent a little in character a whole lot in appearance.Making her as full blown a dangerous knight as Jamie struck me as a perfect contradistinction , unexpected.[b]* Weasel Soup... alas, I had figured this one out with the announcement of season 2. With a dedicated episode 9 , no way to fit this story into the episodes left.So I was quite surprised with the  Tywin - Arya game of wits sort of trumped even George. We begin to see just how smart Arya or will grow to be. Did not drag for me, could have used more.[b]* The Mountain -. Hey blame Peter Jackson ... Conan Stevens , I am sure picked up a bigger paycheck for the Hobbit.We might still see him back! Fingers crossed.
2898	lightbringer333	2013-01-04	why they pushed it so hard.........they skipped lot of important scenes...........house of undying prophecies and qarth are all screwed, arya and weasel soup drama skipped, ..........they shuld have added 2 more episode or finale shuld have made 2 hrs long.
why HBO is pushing it so harder. they shuld slow down.......its lot of time left for TWOW and ADOS to come.
2899	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-01-07	I give it a B+. Television is television and books are books.  There is no way for them to follow the books exactly. I understand the changes to Dany's story b/c in the book her story is more intellectual and TV demands action. So those changes didn't bother me b/c they didn't really change the substance of the story.
After reading ASoS, the one change that makes me give this season a B rather than an A has been Arya's storyline. They have really messed it up and by having her serve Tywin rather than Bolton - it's going to take away from some of the impact of the RW. However, the RW is so devastating maybe that won't matter as much and maybe that's what they are banking on. However, Arya's journey and all those elements and her just missing them - it all adds so much to her story.
I do wish they had developed Halfhand a little bit further, but even I understood what he was doing in those episodes with Jon and I hadn't read the books at the time - so I think those changes weren't that big of a deal.
2900	SaltSmokeAndSnow	2013-01-07	Season 1: A-Season 2: C+I should confess that I jumped onto the ASOIAF bandwagon after watching the first season of GOT. I've watched all the episodes beyond counting and when it originally finished I was in two minds whether to wait for next season or spoil myself and delve into GRRM's world of novels. I decided on the latter and haven't looked back since. Did reading the books sour my enjoyment of Season 2? Oh, without a doubt. That being said, it shouldn't make my criticism towards Season 2 any less valid than the next man.Firstly, I agree with whoever said this felt like a cliffnotes version of ACOK .There are so many scenes that they completely skimmed over, which as a result made the whole thing feel rushed and poorly laid out. I can accept enforced changes due to budget and time constraints. For example, I can begrudgingly accept that the Harrenhall chapters needed to be streamlined and the CG Direwolves have little screentime. But what I can't stand are changes that arbitrarily change the structure of the plot and its characters for no good reason.Here's my list (in no particular order) of issues both major and nitpicky:* Jon/Qhorin Halfhand - They completed butchered Jon's arc, which was arguably one of ACOK's strong points. Jon has gone from an able young ranger and leadership material to a sulky dumbass who gets given the run-around by a savage girl and then becomes the butt of several pen0r jokes. So much for Qhorin Halfhand the legendary Ranger, as well. He was more like some crazy old coot than a badass of the Night's Watch.* The Kinslayer - Again, another unnecessary and gratuitous deviation from the source material. The whole point about Jaime, which we learn later on, is that contrary to popular belief he DOES have his own twisted sense of honour. But now he brutally murders his cousin in cold blood, adding kinslayer to his list of crimes. Nevermind the fact it was completely unnecessary to do so.* Robb/Talisa - Wrong, wrong, wrong on so many levels. I don't even know where to begin. How about a vulnerable, attractive woman who wanders the battlefields of Westeros? Yeaaah.... she wouldn't be raped and killed at all. Oh, and how about Robb letting this random woman wander in on his war councils, where all his esteemed bannerman have to up and leave the moment she arrives. Not only that but Robb later decides he wants to make this damsel his bride because the poor idiot's in love and he wants to get back at mummy for upsetting him. Is this Game of Thrones or an Emily Giffin novel?* Littlefinger - They've turned the character into a Snidely Whiplash villain who must be shoehorned into as many scenes as possible. Even when it means doing stupid acts like calling out Cersei or venturing into enemy camps. Also, is it me or has Aidan Gillen suddenly forgotten how to act? From his hammy delivery and messed up accent to his facial expressions, he's like a whole different character.* Brienne of Tarth - More like The Mountain With Breasts, amirite? She looks and acts like some crazy psycho bitch instead of the naive, idealistic knight we all know. Remember how Brienne's first kill was a big deal to her in the books? Now she just butchers men before they've even took up arms.* Weasel Soup - Even though I loved the chemistry between Charles Dance & Maisie Williams, the scenes started to drag on after while and did nothing to advance the plot. Harrenhall was supposed to be a defining moment in Arya's development as she went through hell and back and came of age. Instead, she spends most of Season 2 being Tywin's cosy little cupbearer and uses Jaqen to do all her dirty work for her.* The Mountain - Oh dear Lord, why did they cast such a complete noodle to play the role of Ser Gregor? The man carries no presence whatsoever and his voice is downright cringeworthy. Conan Stevens won't be coming back from the sounds of it, so I'd nominate someone like Nathan Jones. Make it happen, HBO, otherwise the fight with the Red Viper is going to blow hard.* Ros - I don't understand why this characters eats up so much screentime. I guess she worked as the go-to whore for character sexposition but even that was overplayed. Now it's hinted she'll play an even larger role? Her scene with Varys in S2 Ep10 felt like a lame attempt to force us into accepting her character.* Shae - I don't know how people prefer TV Shae. I'll probably get shot for this but is it the pro-feminist stance towards all the female characters on this show that wins people over? They all have to be headstrong girlfriends, when that simply doesn't fly in GRRM's world. TV Shae's more like Tyrion's nagging housewife than his dirty secret. And Sibel Kekilli is possibly the weakest cast member on the show.* Bronn - I know Bronn has something of a Chuck Norris-status within the fanbase but they really went too far this season.  He's made Commander of the City Watch, he can read, he can sing! Oh, and to top it off he was the archer who set the Blackwater ablaze as well (and took time out to save Sandor's life). Is there anything he can't do!? He's supposed to be a common sellsword not the Six Million Dollar Man.* No Shagga, son of Dolf - The Pycelle scene wasn't the same without him.I could really go on but this rant needs to end sometime today.So what did I enjoy about Season 2? Naturally, I thought the Blackwater episode was a glorious spectacle and almost made up for all the mediocrity that came before it... until we got to the final episode. I think aside from one or two niggles (Gregor, Asha), HBO's casting has been top-notch again. And on a whole, the acting remains above-average.Where I was looking forward to Season 2, I have now trepidation towards Season 3. D&D & co need to remember what made the original series such a roaring success and stop writing this terrible fanfiction.Your introductory paragraph here applies to me 100% as well. I agree with everything else you wrote so much that I wont even bother reading the other 8 pages of responses. You nailed it. My only small objection is to Littlefinger's acting; I just didn't notice it. I hate that the Mountain in season one is like a 6'3'' mass of a man, while season two's is a 6'10'' push-over.Personally I wont grant a single excuse for the show's shortcomings. Book 1 being 1 season on TV made perfect sence, however, book 2 and book 3 should be 2 a piece. And I figure 3 seasons between books 4 and 5 (since books 4 and 5 are basically 1 giant book anyway.)In the preview for season 3 D&D even say that season 3 is the one they had been most looking forward to, and it's clear that they rushed to get there. I get that they have creative liberty and that, as GRRM has said, they could have aliens come down from space and take the Iron Throne if they so wanted. But instead of taking creative liberty, it seems they have take uncreative liberties and short cuts instead.
2901	CC-Kingmaker	2013-01-11	I feel like as long as Quaithe returns to plague Dany, and maybe a flashback of Jon and Halfhand talking about the plan would greatly improve the meaning of the story. 
The Robb/Talisa story was fractured and wrong and I dont have any idea how it can be forayed later
I am very glad that the Reeds' will arrive, otherwise Bran's story would be getting the same complaints. 
But overall Season 1 is A, Season 2 is B
2902	ebevan91	2013-01-11	I'd give it an A- since I watched the TV show before reading the books.
But after reading the books I'll still give season 2 a B. I wanted the chain and a better HotU, as well as a better Jon + Halfhand arc. But I can understand why they cut those out. Chain because of budget and the HotU (I'm assuming) could've given too much away. (Or did the TV HotU give away some other big things?). Oh, and the whole Robb/Talisa thing. Didn't quite like the whole "oh look an enemy medic that somehow got all the way to here from Volantis, lets go bang her!" thing.
But compared to most TV out there, season 2 was an A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Season 1 was A+ before and after reading the books.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 11 January 2013 - 01:42 PM.
2903	Joyful Union	2013-01-23	Honestly, it think most of the issues people have with this season derive from changes made translating the book to tv.  If Breaking Bad was a massively popular book series, the reception would also be severely impacted. Of course if you compare the scope of mammoth books to a 10 hour season the books will come out best. Particularly when the books are so in depth, have such massive scope, and are so brilliantly plotted and organised. This series is not created to fit an avid ASOIAF fan's imagination.
Compared to the books, this season was a C.
But judged as a Television, considering budgetary constraints, and comparing it to other shows, this season was brilliant television, and deserves an A.
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 23 January 2013 - 11:57 AM.
2904	_Oberyn_	2013-01-25	C.(its very generous but Blackwater and Dinklage put alot of weight on the scales )It was just painfull to watch almost everything get twisted and hacked to fit some imaginary box labeled "this is what we think the audience wants" and in smaller print "with exttra cheese and a layer of softporn for maximum profit".And enough with the budget/time excuses. Its obviously a problem but does not effect the storyline. Theons story arc its obviously on a budget and constrained by time but still works out great and to the point. By contrast Aryas story gets  enough screen time and its mostly wasted.Half of Jons story gets turned into a monty python sketch, "say no more". And again neither time or budget is an issue.I cant even begin to understand wtf they were thinking with Robbs story but this is where the producers lost all credibility as book fans. Its simply unforgivable.The house of the undying was the only part with legitimate budget issues yet it could have been done  much better with some creative thinking, but it was poorly handled too.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 27 January 2013 - 08:17 PM.
2905	One of Three	2013-01-25	Although it wasn't as good as the first season, I did enjoy season 2 more than other people on here. (I did though see season 2 before I finished reading ACoK) Yes they're are something's wrong with it I will admit, some I can see why they changed it whether's it's to do with: having too big a cast (Not including the Reeds despite them being in half of the book, Arya and Tywin scenes etc), wanting to develop a relationship which comes important in the following books (the extra scenes with Jon and Ygritte instead of focusing on the Halfhand) or just plain budget issues (HotU scene).I do think they could have done more with the Halfhand (even though they included his death, which I got a bit miffed when GRRM just mentions it in passing in ASoS) as he was underused for just appearing in 2 episodes. The main issue I have with it (and as well with the book) is Dany. Now I do like Emilia Clarke and she plays Dany very well, but I don't feel attached to Dany in anyway. The main bulk of the book is about what's going on in Westeros and Dany's story is a kind of 'Meanwhile...' bit and jsut breaks up the story and pace of it. Plus, and more importantly, the character is becoming a bit dislikeable  He book/season 1 arc from a timid little girl into a strong woman is fantastic, but in book/season 2 she goes back to being a child albeit a whinny one, "I am the blood of the Dragon and you will give me what I want!" So in the end I couldn't care about her or her story.One thing I do take issue with is why on earth change Asha to Yara, I know people might confuse it with Osha, but why keep Bronn and Bran? And her character is definitely better in the books, although Gemma Whelon did the job ok and I liked that story she told Theon about when he was a baby, although Asha is a better character in the books.It's funny I've looking forward to season 3 for ages, but then I saw the overview of season 2 by Elio & Linda, in which 95% of it was them just slagging the whole thing off and it makes me wonder whether I want to see season 3 now /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> although I disagree whole heartedly about Lena Heady as Cercei. I think Lena does fantastic in role and I think the scene with her and Robert talking about crap their marriage is in season 1 is one of the best scenes of TV I've ever seen!! The thing with Cercei is that in the books she's just a bitch and it's just slightly touch on why she is one (mostly not until you get to AFfC). In the TV show however, they've just been/chosen to explore why she's a bitch more and therefore portraying he in more sympathetic light, which I think is far better as is ageing all the cast up (Even if it was true in the middle ages, it still doesn't look right having politically savvy 12-15 year olds).All in all I give it a 7/10 but don't know whether I'm actually ecited about season 3 or not /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
2906	Ran	2013-01-25	I don't see why anyone disliking the show should make you not excited about seeing it, unless you're finding yourself agreeing in retrospect with the reasons for why they dislike it.
2907	One of Three	2013-01-25	I could see were they were coming from in the majority of stuff what was said and yes a lot of the stuff had truth to it, although they were a tad biased towards the source material which I think was a little unfair on it. It's just disappointing to see the failures of this season, why pretty soon we're going to have far more characters and narratives and seeing that maybe this is going crash and burn at some point.
2908	DragonCrass	2012-06-04	When they scanned through the random Iron Born I was wondering which one Wex was supposed to be. While reading, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know if I missed it but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t remember a physical description/ age of him.Then on the Maester Luwin death scene, I couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t help but imagine him listening from the branches of the heart tree. Luwin says take them North, the show left out the Skaggos and the split them up part. So, other than that the Stark kids are still alive, I wonder what he will have to offer later in the show.Or if they will even use that storyline with Davos, or if it was just a wink to the readers.
2909	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	They can easily have someone see them on the road and inform someone who tells someone that word finally gets back to Lord Too Fat to Sit a Horse and then he sends Davos after them...
2910	Jory	2012-06-05	Yeah... somehow, I doubt that is going to matter at all. Manderly will just hear about it somehow just like Loras miraculously learned that Stannis killed Renly.
2911	Silent Assassin	2012-06-05	I did the same, try to locate wex in the crew when Theon was given the speech, the only thing that I don't know is how they're going to join the part of wex and the Davos, because in the book the say that wex was above the tree and that was because Ramsay burn the city and in the TV Show all the ironborn just surrender and they trapped to Theon and was given to Ramsay so I assume that wex was put in freedom with the ironborn
2912	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Now that you think about it, how can they place a boy in among the ironborn that were supposed to raid fishing villages? What good will he do aside from shipwork?
2913	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-05	Now that you think about it, how can they place a boy in among the ironborn that were supposed to raid fishing villages? What good will he do aside from shipwork?Did you really just ask what use pirates could make of a cabin boy? ; }
2914	Only Fire and Blood?	2012-06-06	I could swear he was a boy but they might have made him a teenager in the TV series.
2915	Wjaykusuma	2012-06-06	What is dead may never dieeee!!!!
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2916	So1ar	2012-06-06	the ironborn just strolled out of winterfell so there would be no reason for wex to be hiding in the tree. i'm sure they'll come up with something else so davos will know where to find rickon.
2917	tearloch	2012-06-06	My theory is still that Bran, Osha, and company will meet the Wonder twins Reed kids on the road North early next season, and the Reed's will suggest splitting them up.  I don't really see how they cannot include the Reeds in the story.  To much plot change to have Osha take both Stark boys North of the Wall, but leaving them out of season 2 (I hope) was only about $$.Just read that the Reeds will be in season 3, but they have not been cast yet.  Also look for the Blackfish, Shireen, and Dario next season.
					
					
							Edited by tearloch, 06 June 2012 - 11:06 AM.
2918	StarkBlack21	2012-06-06	My question is why mention Wex by name? They never introduced him as Theon's squire. Never showed him by face. Was it just so they can use it clog a plot hole when they reach ADWD and say remember that Iron Born Theon randomly named before he conked him over the head? Yeah well he was hiding -- blah blah.
2919	dcat	2012-06-06	My question is why mention Wex by name? They never introduced him as Theon's squire. Never showed him by face. Was it just so they can use it clog a plot hole when they reach ADWD and say remember that Iron Born Theon randomly named before he conked him over the head? Yeah well he was hiding -- blah blah.I don't think there's any significance to naming Wex.  Remember, his was just one of several names mentioned by Theon in the speech, which closely paralleled the famous Henry V Saint Crispen's Day speech (http://www.gonderzon...hts/crispen.htm) in structure.  Instead of "Harry the King, Bedford and Exeter, Warwick and Talbot, Salisbury and Gloucester", we got Black Lorren, Wex, and others.
					
					
							Edited by dcat, 06 June 2012 - 04:37 PM.
2920	Dunnii	2012-06-06	To piggyback on dcat's post above, I remember getting pretty excited when Theon was talking -- not only does he talk about people like Shakespeare's Henry V, he talks about how they will be remembered in the future. the only thing missing was "band of brothers." LOL Since I knew Theon's fate, I thought it was so amusing to have him give a St. Crispin's day speech.
2921	Khal-a-bunga	2012-06-06	I was more taken by Theon's line to Maester Luwin in the scene prior when he talks about people telling him how lucky he was to be their prisoner... Oh Theon, if you only knew.
2922	jarl the climber	2012-06-06	Now that you think about it, how can they place a boy in among the ironborn that were supposed to raid fishing villages? What good will he do aside from shipwork?From what I remember Wex was actually related to the Botleys, a noble house in the Iron Islands and Theon took him on as a squire in return for his horse Smiler. I think Wex was 12 or 13 in ACOK and Davos put his age at 14 or 15 in ADWD.
2923	Iron Captain	2012-06-06	I think wex being one of the names was just paying homage to the book readers.  If they go the split route (which I think they will) it will be because as tearloch said the Reeds will find them and suggest it (bran will go with the plan because he dreamed it, or jojen dreamed it and Bran trusts the fellow dreamer).
The person informing manderlay will be a random person they meet on the road, or e flint/Norrey mountain man they cross along the way.
2924	Volantis	2012-09-28	Yeah... somehow, I doubt that is going to matter at all. Manderly will just hear about it somehow just like Loras miraculously learned that Stannis killed Renly.TV Loras put two and two together.Who had the most to gain from Renly's death?StannisTV Loras is just much more smarter than Book Loras
2925	Kasrith	2013-01-21	the ironborn just strolled out of winterfell so there would be no reason for wex to be hiding in the tree. i'm sure they'll come up with something else so davos will know where to find rickon.The person informing manderlay will be a random person they meet on the road, or e flint/Norrey mountain man they cross along the way.I really don't see why they can't still use him. They don't need to mention that he was anyones squire or anything, that is irrelevant so far as the show goes. The fact that some boy, who was named nonetheless, was hiding (simply out of fear?) in the Godswood when Winterfell was burned to the ground and followed the Starks is totally plausible
2926	Piketon29	2012-06-28	Did anyone notice at 40:49 and again at 41:33-41 into the episode what looks to be a person hiding in the weirwood tree off to the right side of the screen? Is that wex and if so nice job on attention to detail!
2927	Myrcella	2012-08-31	*edited, sorry was being retarded
					
					
							Edited by Myrcella, 31 August 2012 - 02:45 PM.
2928	Moshroom	2012-09-02	Do you mean this scene: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=5kF7MaPli8Y ?If so, I'm really not sure if that's just a bad ankle or something or if there is someone hiding.But so far Wex wouldn't have to hide in a tree because we don't know yet if Bolton was the one who burned Winterfell in the show.
2929	Katydid	2012-06-04	I thought their scene was beautifully done, yet again.  These two have had less than 10 minutes of screentime together so far, but have been knocking it out of the freaking park.  Their storyline next season promises great things!
I've seen a complaint or two about show!Brienne being a little more brutal than book!Brienne at this point, but I think it worked in this scene.  The third guy she gave a slower death to had been laughing & taunting the loudest, and he was the one who insinuated a slow, painful death for the third woman.  Brienne was extracting a little vengeance on behalf of the innocents.
Jaime's reaction when she unleashed was what I really enjoyed.  The Kingslayer himself, jaw dropped and speechless.  Awesome!
If they don't backtrack to the river and give us the Ryger/Stark chase next season, I'm glad they introduced an element of teamwork in this scene.  In the book, Jaime distracts Ryger so Brienne can get to the top of the hill without being brought down by the archers; here it was Jaime covering for her by annoucing himself a pig thief when she got stuck, and her following along with the charade immediately.  These two are just FUN.  (And incidentally, it would be fantastic if they DO backtrack them to the river, so Brienne can drop a few rocks.)  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2930	Ciglon	2012-06-04	I agree, most people seem to really downplay how amazing these two characters have fit into their roles and how great their scenes are together.
2931	Milcov	2012-06-04	I loved the scene in this episode with the three Stark soldiers
2932	Sheep the Evicted	2012-06-04	Well as a scene from a TV show i actually quite liked it, the only bit i didn't like was Brienne's derisive "stay!" In the books Jaime would have killed her for that comment. But thinking about it some more now i'm not a fan of how hard they are making Brienne; she was meant to be the only true knight in the series and they have gone and given us the Hound. Funny how they have softened every other "good" character in the show and hardened Brienne instead.
					
					
							Edited by Sheep the Evicted, 04 June 2012 - 04:47 PM.
2933	Direwolf Lager	2012-06-04	tv brienne is badass and the kingslayer is her bitch
2934	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	I like the TV version of Brienne more and more. In the books she was always depressed when people mocked  her or did something wrong and I always wanted to scream at her to take it like a woman for god's sake. If she can't be respected, she can always make people fear her. Now I know that that's not what GRRM wants to tell us with Brienne, but for me it's pretty satisfying to see what turns TV Brienne's character arc is taking.
2935	The Last Reyne	2012-06-04	I have to admit this is one change from the book I like. While I hope they don't go too far with her I do like this stronger more confident Brienne.
2936	Katydid	2012-06-04	Well as a scene from a TV show i actually quite liked it, the only bit i didn't like was Brienne's derisive "stay!" In the books Jaime would have killed her for that comment. I quite liked her "stay!" command, because it was very different from her actions in the beginning of the scene.  She initially tied him to a tree.  After they faced down the Stark men together (before Brienne ripped them to shreds!), she decided against tying him back to the tree, trusting him rather to stay put while she saw to the women. We know these two come to trust each other deeply as their story progresses.  They've gotta start somewhere.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2937	Anvilbreaker	2012-06-04	I am sorry but I have to disagree about how they handled Brienne. In the book she struck me as so innocent at the beginning, almost as much as Sansa, and I enjoyed her slow corruptions as she and Jaime came closer to equilibrium. I was really hoping that that battle with the Brave Companions, or whatever they now replace that with, would be able to signal some final death of her innocence, as that was the first time she actually killed anyone. Now she is basically killing anyone who might try to hassle her.
2938	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	I liked last episode's scene, and I'm sure now all scenes of those two will be just as great; such chemistry is really rare. But even if I love badass Brienne, I can't help but feel a little disappointed - not that she killed those guys, because, just like in the books, she only chose violence and killing when necessary, but because we are not shown, and probably won't be shown, the impact of those deaths on her. Not to mention that part of the reason why she kills for the first time in the books was avenging Jaime's hand, so to speak. But, meh, I'm ready to forgive that change after Jaime's admiring stare /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
2939	Katydid	2012-06-04	As with all the other characters, there's unfortunately not enough time to delve into their POV-thoughts and development.  I see both sides of show!Brienne becoming so violent so soon.  But it's not as big a deviation from her book counterpart as some (aka Shae.)  So I can deal.  Yes, especially if Jaime starts making impressed moon-eyes at her that much sooner.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2940	iheartseverus	2012-06-04	I love the subtle, interesting dynamic of Brienne in her clunky, sincere, relentless way, making it clear to Jaime that she's not in service to the Starks, she's in service to Catelyn Stark.  This is an entirely new concept for Jaime (son of 'its all about the family name, individual members don't matter,'  Tywin).  The concept that a knight--a knight who craves true honor, as Jaime surely does--might swear himself to a person who he deems worthy of that honor, rather than blindly swearing alliegance to a House even when he knows in his soul that House is not worthy of honor.  And that he, who wants above all to be a worthy, honorable knight, has... lessened himself... in his blind, arrogant service to House Lannister.  He's learning, inch by inch, from Brienne.  But it'll be a hard, slogging lesson, fought against tooth and nail, he has a lifetime of Tywin's 'family name above all' to undo.
2941	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Loved his stare during/after the fight, and the way he said, "Those were Stark men." with complete dumbfoundedness (Is that a word?).  We really see how Jaime's opinion of Brienne changes. And will keep on changing.
2942	Catherine Storm	2012-06-05	I quite liked her "stay!" command, because it was very different from her actions in the beginning of the scene.  She initially tied him to a tree.  After they faced down the Stark men together (before Brienne ripped them to shreds!), she decided against tying him back to the tree, trusting him rather to stay put while she saw to the women.I think her 'STAY' command was more out of confidence that he now knows what she's capable of... Silenced by fear (and respect)! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Badass Brienne is badass.
2943	Bambi	2012-06-05	I have to admit this is one change from the book I like. While I hope they don't go too far with her I do like this stronger more confident Brienne.I think this stronger more confident Brienne is also alot more plainer and simpler, thus far less exciting.
2944	Sheep the Evicted	2012-06-05	I think her 'STAY' command was more out of confidence that he now knows what she's capable of... Silenced by fear (and respect)! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Badass Brienne is badass.Yeah i thought that was the implication the showrunners where making. Which as a major fan of book Jaime really stings.
2945	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	I liked their scene. The look on Jaime's face when he sees her fight is maybe the best moment of the episode. I also loved that they started cooperating now, how they siltenly communictated without words just before she attacked them.
I do not have much of a problem with a more violent Brienne, as long as their scenes stay that way.
2946	Clariana	2012-06-05	Now she is basically killing anyone who might try to hassle her.Not so. She gave the three guys an out: "I work for the Starks. He is a pig thief..." If they had turned away and not persisted they would have lived. Instead one of them positively identified Jaime. She had no choice, word would get around...
2947	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I agree, most people seem to really downplay how amazing these two characters have fit into their roles and how great their scenes are together.The addition of this storyline (not just Cat releasing him) but seeing their journey together was by far the most enjoyable part of SoS!
2948	Currawong	2012-06-05	I can understand the concerns that we are just being shown Badass Brienne as a simplified character, but I think we have to give some thoughts to the problems facing the writers here.The trouble with adapting Book Brienne for TV is that so much of what we learn about her and her background in thebooks is ONLY through her POVs in AFFC.	And SHOWING internal POVs is incredibly  difficult, unless you have a lot of time to spend with an individual character and show them agonising over their actions or whatever (which they cannot do given the time limits of episodes), or  are able to do some sort of exposition scene, arrange for her to have a reasonable dialogue with someone, etc.   Catelyn in the books commented about the "walls' that Brienne had erected around herself and how little she showed to others, and even Book Brienne is certainly not about to confide her insecurities to Jaime Lannister right now!So HOW exactly are the writers going to show TV viewers that killing people was a big deal for her?   Let's face it - she was quite prepared to heave a boulder onto a pursuing boat full of soldiers, when that could have killed or injured some of them, so even Book Brienne is prepared to kill at ths stage.  And outwardly, Book Brienne does appear to be just a rather taciturn person, yet extremely competent when it comes to Action, which is what Jaime first notices about her whenhe reads her eyes and sees she is not panicking, but assessing options when the galley is pursuing them.    If we simply look at what we see about Brienne in the books at this stage, we really wouldn't get anything about her inner issues.I am hoping that the writers will be able to show us some of her inner complexities and softer side once she and Jaime get captured by the Bloody Mummers, and he loses his hand.  Then there will be an opportunity for them to show her gentle side in caring for him, and possibly have some additional dialogue between them as they start to understand each other better.  It woud make dramatic sense to have some of her POV background we get in AFFC brought forward to conversations with Jaime.  We have already seen her loyalty and determination, so giving us Badass Warrior Brienne at first should set up a nice contrast for later Brienne (well, I hope it does!)
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 05 June 2012 - 10:26 AM.
2949	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-05	As with all the other characters, there's unfortunately not enough time to delve into their POV-thoughts and development.  I see both sides of show!Brienne becoming so violent so soon.  But it's not as big a deviation from her book counterpart as some (aka Shae.)  So I can deal.  Yes, especially if Jaime starts making impressed moon-eyes at her that much sooner.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I think this is a really excellent point, and applies to more than just Brienne.  The fact is that the TV show simply cannot give as much screentime to characters as do the books.  The books can take their time with character development, revealing it bit by bit, etc.  The show is necessarily going to have to compress/adjust some of that to get the characters where they need to be, while at the same time not developing characters by such dribs and drabs that it gets lost in the rest of the episode.  I think this means that character develepment is going to come more in fits and starts, or perhaps zigs and zags, and perhaps earlier or later than it does in the books for each character.I mean, think how few shows actually show development of character as opposed to just revelation of character.  ASOIAF is so chock full of real character development over the course of the books (and within each book), that it would be perhaps an impossible task to do it on screen the same as the books.  Because to show development, you first have to establish the initial character in the minds of the viewer, then have events unfold that make changes to that character appear reasonable.  That must be an extraordinarily difficult thing to do properly given the sheer number of characters in ASOIAF.So to the extent some characters appear to be a shade or two off from where they are supposed to be at this point -- and perhaps Arya, Brienne, and Danys would fit that -- it is entirely possible that more significant events in subsequent seasons will "zig" back to correct the "zags" that have happened so far.  But at least at this point, I don't see any character so far off his/her character from the books that subsequent events cannot occur and still make sense.
2950	Katydid	2012-06-05	I am hoping that the writers will be able to show us some of her inner complexities and softer side once she and Jaime get captured by the Bloody Mummers, and he loses his hand.  Then there will be an opportunity for them to show her gentle side in caring for him, and possibly have some additional dialogue between them as they start to understand each other better.  It woud make dramatic sense to have some of her POV background we get in AFFC brought forward to conversations with Jaime.  We have already seen her loyalty and determination, so giving us Badass Warrior Brienne at first should set up a nice contrast for later Brienne (well, I hope it does!)ITA.  Gwen should have some good, juicy material to work with when Jaime is maimed and Brienne is forced to care for him.  One scene I'm really hoping they do justice to is when she asks him "are you so craven?"  That's a verbal slap in the face for Jaime, one that really gets through to him and lights a fire under his ass to keep on living.
2951	B'uckles	2012-06-05	I'm a little surprised that the writing is getting all the attention in the discussion here. The actors are outstanding and subtle, and have excellent chemistry. This is really going to be fun to watch- looking forward to seeing the trip unfold next season.
2952	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	Absolutely. Said it before and I will said it forever, Jaime and Brienne's travels were some of the most awesome moments in the books for me. And I think the actors are doing their characters great justice.
Looking forward to seeing Jaime's road to redemption. Non-readers still look at me funny when I said he's my favourite character /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
He still hasn't called her "wench" though...
2953	Katydid	2012-06-05	He still hasn't called her "wench" though...That's honestly the only problem I have with them so far.  We've gotten "Kingslayer"s from Brienne - - now it's his turn.  He HAS to call her "wench"!
2954	It is known.	2012-06-05	Did they darken Jaime's hair?  It seemed more brown than blonde this episode, I wasn't sure if it was just supposed to look dirty or if it was part of his 'disguise' along with the beard.  Anyone else think it looked darker?
2955	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	I put this in the nitpick thread and I'll post it here again.  TV Brienne is a terrible interpretation of the character.  Brienne is brave, but gentle, and honorable.  She would never inflict pain for the sake of being cruel.  She is not some hardass killing machine.  Book Brienne is one of my favorite characters in the series but TVBrienne is pretty unlikable to me at this point.
I can't even envision how her redemption of Jaime is supposed to work with how they've portrayed her.  Jaime is going to reconsider his past acts of callous violence because he encountered another remorseless killing machine? Really?
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 05 June 2012 - 03:10 PM.
2956	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	Yeah, actually, now that you mention it. In the scene with the Stark men (where Jaime was trying to hide his face) his hair did look a bit different.Maybe he'll just shave it off next year as he did in the book?Keep the beard, get his hair like this: http://i.imgur.com/ZpN3Y.jpg
2957	Clariana	2012-06-05	TV Brienne is a terrible interpretation of the character.  Brienne is brave, but gentle, and honorable.  She would never inflict pain for the sake of being cruel.  She is not some hardass killing machine.  Book Brienne is one of my favorite characters in the series but TVBrienne is pretty unlikable to me at this point.I can't even envision how her redemption of Jaime is supposed to work with how they've portrayed her.  Jaime is going to reconsider his past acts of callous violence because he encountered another remorseless killing machine? Really?I disagree. TV Brienne is not a remorseless killing machine. She was upset seeing the wenches hung from the neck, quite possibly, as Jaime pointed out, due to no more than fluttering their eyelashes at a guy from the wrong side... And even if they were whores, so what? They were unarmed they didn't kill anyone. The soldiers that killed them made no bones about having enjoyed doing it.  If something gets Brienne's goat it's innocents suffering. As I pointed out above she gives them an out, a chance to walk on by... But they don't take it. Quite probably because they think she's just another woman they can abuse...
2958	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	The biggest change kind slipped me by. Wasn't her first hand-to-hand kill against the Bloody Mummer remnants in A Feast For Crows? Shagwell and the other chap. Brienne remembering all her training and killing them, thinking "holy shit I'm actually good at this." She looked like a pro in the show.But yeah, this is one of those times I'm happy to say "show and book are different" and let it be /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Still more annoyed that they turned Jaime into a kinslayer but whatever...
2959	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	Brienne would never kill some one in the most painful way possible, no more than Eddard Stark would.
2960	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	The soldiers that killed them made no bones about having enjoyed doing it.  If something gets Brienne's goat it's innocents sufferingWhat is supposed to make Brienne a cut above the other knights is her unwillingness to sink to the levels that they do.  She will protect the weak, she will be the hand of justice - she will NOT make somebody suffer a needlessly slow/painful death for the sake of revenge.
2961	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	What is supposed to make Brienne a cut above the other knights is her unwillingness to sink to the levels that they do.  She will protect the weak, she will be the hand of justice - she will NOT make somebody suffer a needlessly slow/painful death for the sake of revenge.Exactly, thank you!  And it is precisely this characteristic that draws Jaime to her.  He who has given up on honor and vows finally sees someone who lives up to them, and shows him it is possible, and makes him rethink the choices he has made in life.
2962	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	Exactly, thank you!  And it is precisely this characteristic that draws Jaime to her.  He who has given up on honor and vows finally sees someone who lives up to them, and shows him it is possible, and makes him rethink the choices he has made in life.I generally like Brienne/Jaime, and enjoy their scenes, especially due to the acting, and their being mostly closer to the original than the hackfest that is Robb/Talisa or other things, but this does really bother me - and the worst part is that I doubt the writers/producers even gave this a second thought.  I doubt it even occurred to them for a second that anyone would be bothered by her killing of the soldier in that way; I just don't think they think characterization through enough for it to even occur to them why it had the potential to be a problem or that it even WAS a change in her.
2963	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-05	I totally agree with Scabbard of the Morning and Tenlaar.  For the record I do think that the casting of these two is fantastic and they already have a great repor that I can't wait to see play out next season (though as someone else noted, I want to hear Jaime call her "wench").  I didn't even have much of an issue with Brienne killing the guards per se as it was necessary.  BUT, the way she killed the third one, drawing out his death to make it painful and slow, was just not Brienne.  She would never do something like that, even if it was in retaliation for what the guard did to one of the tavern wenches.  She should have made a point of saying to him that a quick death is more than he deserves for what he did but she is not like him and therefore she will give him a quick death.  Having her give him a slow and painful death was just so wrong.
2964	Gaius Martell	2012-06-05	I think I'm okay with the television version(s) of Brienne (and Stannis) being overly "badassified."  Meek, unwilling-to-kill Brienne isn't going to be likeable to a TV audience and commanding-from-the-back, not-admitting-fault Stannis won't get anyone to like him when he's the only one of the original five kings left and he's the best option we have left to root for.  Make them more instantly likeable, your audience makes those transitions much quicker.  Boring-Brienne and hated-Jaime would be a tough arc to follow, methinks.
2965	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-05	But it's not the fact that she's unwilling to kill that I am arguing about.  They have shown her willing to kill when necessary and people have already started to like her.  It's the fact that they have her doing this one, more cruel kill that I have trouble with.  That makes her LESS likeable to me.
2966	Sand11751	2012-06-05	The kill may be more cruel, but in her POV, she's meriting out justice to a man who did not give his victim a slow death. She paid him back in kind on behalf of a possible innocent. I have no problem with it.
2967	Currawong	2012-06-05	The kill may be more cruel, but in her POV, she's meriting out justice to a man who did not give his victim a slow death. She paid him back in kind on behalf of a possible innocent. I have no problem with it.I agree with this, because of "what" the man did and boasted about - rape and worse.   As we know from her thoughts in AFFC, Brienne herself has never really felt safe even in Renly's camp, always alert to the possibility of rape, and training herself to sleep lightly with weapons at the ready.   And this is a woman who is bigger and stronger than most men, and more than able to protect herself!   If the man concerned had 'just' been a soldier enemy who'd killed innocent people, then  yes, she'd put him out of his misery quickly as she did with the others.  But as a woman who has herself lived with the threat of rape, I could definitely see even sweet and gentle Brienne wanting to make a man suffer because of his crimes against an innocent woman.   She may well feel regrets about it later - and that would be perfectly true to her character - but I do not think that making a man suffer for the crime of rape is totally outside Brienne's character.
2968	B'uckles	2012-06-05	And book Brienne too has been known to argue fort the taking of revenge against wanton doers of evil...as a reason for Jaime not to give up and die, in fact.
2969	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-05	And book Brienne too has been known to argue fort the taking of revenge against wanton doers of evil...as a reason for Jaime not to give up and die, in fact.Yes, but she meant for Jaime to live so he could kill them.  I highly doubt that the revenge Brienne had in mind for the bloody mummers in the book was to cut off their hands or even make them suffer first.  In fact we see later in the books that that is how the Mountain operates when he is sent to deal with Vargo Hoat.
2970	Silmarien	2012-06-05	I thought their scene was beautifully done, yet again.  These two have had less than 10 minutes of screentime together so far, but have been knocking it out of the freaking park.  Their storyline next season promises great things!I've seen a complaint or two about show!Brienne being a little more brutal than book!Brienne at this point, but I think it worked in this scene.  The third guy she gave a slower death to had been laughing & taunting the loudest, and he was the one who insinuated a slow, painful death for the third woman.  Brienne was extracting a little vengeance on behalf of the innocents.Jaime's reaction when she unleashed was what I really enjoyed.  The Kingslayer himself, jaw dropped and speechless.  Awesome!If they don't backtrack to the river and give us the Ryger/Stark chase next season, I'm glad they introduced an element of teamwork in this scene.  In the book, Jaime distracts Ryger so Brienne can get to the top of the hill without being brought down by the archers; here it was Jaime covering for her by annoucing himself a pig thief when she got stuck, and her following along with the charade immediately.  These two are just FUN.  (And incidentally, it would be fantastic if they DO backtrack them to the river, so Brienne can drop a few rocks.)  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well said.  I think Brienne was getting justice for those 3 women, not vengeance.  So it fits better with her character than just her randomly killing some dudes.  Just IMHO.
2971	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	She does cut off Timeon's hand (and thinks about how it is for Jaime) and kills Shagwell brutally in AFFC, but I think that is specifically because of how what she endures with Jaime at their hands has changed her and Shagwell, in particular, was one of those who threatened to rape her most frequently and totally grossly.  She also ends up sobbing and shuddering, though not for long, once the killing of Shagwell is done.  Having her be so brutal now just totally misses the point.
2972	Currawong	2012-06-05	But once again, by suggesting that they are 'missing the point', you completely ignore the many difficulties of transferring internal Book Brienne POV to the screen.	Yes, they may eventually show her shuddering and sobbing after she kills Shagwell in AFFC.    But stop and think about how that scene would appear on-screen to TV viewers - it could just be anyone's normal reaction to killing in a sudden, violent fight.  It wouldn't seem like it was anything particular to internal, gentle Brienne.
2973	Silmarien	2012-06-05	But it's not the fact that she's unwilling to kill that I am arguing about.  They have shown her willing to kill when necessary and people have already started to like her.  It's the fact that they have her doing this one, more cruel kill that I have trouble with.  That makes her LESS likeable to me.Aw come on that dude was dead in less than 2 minutes.  It really didn't take that long, people.
2974	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	But once again, by suggesting that they are 'missing the point', you completely ignore the many difficulties of transferring internal Book Brienne POV to the screen.	Yes, they may eventually show her shuddering and sobbing after she kills Shagwell in AFFC.	But stop and think about how that scene would appear on-screen to TV viewers - it could just be anyone's normal reaction to killing in a sudden, violent fight.  It wouldn't seem like it was anything particular to internal, gentle Brienne.It wouldn't be very hard though to establish that she has never killed anyone... they could do it through a conversation with Jaime now, or Pod later.  There are a lot of ways to make it obvious to the viewer that this is a big deal to her.  You could even have her talking about what her maester told her, I really liked that story about the guy who was great in practice but when he finally had to kill someone, he hesitated, and the other guy was able to kill him.  She could tell that story to Pod to try to get him to understand that battle was serious, and then he could say, "What was it like when you killed someone," and she could be like, "I haven't done it yet."  It's not hard to externalize some of these thoughts when you have so many characters interacting in pairs.  It's a totally natural conversation for her to have with the kid she is basically mentoring, and it makes it ironic that she's advising him when she herself is still pretty new to actually being a knight.  If you must move it up, then do the same thing with Jaime in this scene instead of more of the same type of banter (it was fun, and they have great chemistry, but still).
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 05 June 2012 - 06:25 PM.
2975	Katydid	2012-06-05	Considering Brienne gave Guard #3 a quicker, less painful, less rape-filled death than he probably bestowed upon Hanging Woman #3?I'm good with it.  It was lingering, but it was no more or less brutal than the others.  Slicing through the one guy's neck wouldn't have been an immediate lights-out death either, and was probably quite painful.This is one aspect of the adaptation that I'm not going to over-analyze.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2976	Hear Katy Roar	2012-06-05	I thought the Jaime & Brienne scene stole the episode.  Both are great actors and doing solid adaptaitions of the book characters.
D&D would do well to showcase these fine performers and allocate a generous amount of dialouge and screen time to their interactions in season three.
2977	Currawong	2012-06-05	I'm good with it. It was lingering, but it was no more or less brutal than the others. Slicing through the one guy's neck wouldn't have been an immediate lights-out death either, and was probably quite painful.This is one aspect of the adaptation that I'm not going to over-analyze.Agree 100%.   There is plenty of time for the Jaime and Brienne story arcs to develop in Seasons 3 and 4, both together and as individuals, so how about waiting until we see the whole thing before racing in to condemn the writers after watching only two brief J/B scenes,.I thought the Jaime & Brienne scene stole the episode.  Both are great actors and doing solid adaptaitions of the book characters.D&D would do well to showcase these fine performers and allocate a generous amount of dialouge and screen time to their interactions in season three.Yes please!  NCW has always done an amazing job with Jaime, and now GC is doing the same with Brienne.   They have really nailed their relationship, and it's great to see the on-screen chemistry between them. Given that Tyrion's story arc takes a major downwards turn from the end of Season 2 and will no longer allow him all those frequent and wonderful exchanges with Cersei, Bronn, Varys and others, the show needs the Jaime / Brienne sparks to add some humour (in addition to Dolorous Edd of course!). So it's a case of:  "Please sir, I want some more!"
2978	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	I don't see anybody condemning anybody.  I think both of the actors are fantastic and are playing the characters as well as anybody could ever hope for.
That does not mean that I will believe Brienne would ever purposefully cause somebody pain like that instead of ending it with a quick stroke.
2979	Maria Underfoot	2012-06-08	Awesome chemistry, I cannot wait for what lies ahead.
One complaint though: WHY HAVEN'T WE  HEARD THE WORD "WENCH"????
2980	Katydid	2012-06-09	Awesome chemistry, I cannot wait for what lies ahead.One complaint though: WHY HAVEN'T WE  HEARD THE WORD "WENCH"????Yeah, that's the common complaint!  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Nice new interview w/Bryan Cogman where he comments on J/B: I want to talk about Jamie Lannisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scene with Brienne in the finale, where theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re on the run to Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing and encounter Stark soldiers, because it was so funny, and so mean. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not exactly lived a sexually conforming life, but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s trying to bring her into conformity.If you remembered when he tried to bait Catelyn, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the scene in the first season, where she visits him in the prison tent, he says â<U+0080><U+009C>If you feel bad about Ned, I could take care of you.â<U+0080><U+009D> Knowing heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the sexiest man in the Seven Kingdoms, he uses his position to intimidate, and to also figure out what heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dealing with. I think thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sort of a natural thing for him to fall back on, even though I think heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s never been with anyone but Cersei. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all talk, to a certain extent. He really has no idea what to make of Brienne. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s never encountered anyone like this, and she keeps surprising him at every turn. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a she-male, I know how to get at her.â<U+0080><U+009D> Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s obviously a tough nut to crack, and the third season will explore that.They immediately work together right now. They kind of take on a Butch and the Sundance quality that I would imagine surprises them in the moment, too. And that plants the seed for their relationship going forward. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not really in the book, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a version and a combination of a few different moments in the books. But I think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s important that these guys who did these terrible things to these tavern wenches are Stark men, because we thought it was very improtant to illustrate thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the nastiness of war, it affects all sides.In the novels, Brienne is something of an innocent. The things that are visited upon her almost feel like retribution for believing in the fairy tale. It hink some folks were surprised by how brutal she was. Was there a decision about amping up the level of violence sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s willing to commit?I agree it does differ from the book. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a decision David and Dan made when writing the scriptsâ<U+0080>¦I think she still operates under a code, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s important to remember that a) these guys were going to botch the plan and the mission and probably kill them both, and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> they have admitted to torturing innocent women. I think in the books, Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s first kill doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t happen until much later.At the risk of sounding like a complete fangirl, I really, really hope they get Jaime & Brienne's story/relationship "right" in the pivotal book 3 scenes they have coming up.  Their journey is one of my favorites in the novels, and the producers most definitely struck casting gold with both Nikolaj and Gwen.
2981	Istakhr	2012-06-09	If writers wanted to show Brienne as a raging killer, they could have her develop into one as story went forward. Instead Brienne has begun he TV show as an equivalent of the Hound.
Now without her slow loss of innocence like in the books there is no real character arc for her. The two scenes of Brienne slaughtering soldiers this season has just been another example of writers sacrificing character arcs to get cool scenes.
2982	Will&Chrismom	2012-06-17	I'm new here, hope I can crash the party.
Brienne is my favorite character, bar none, and I am going to respectfully disagree with those who have a problem with how she is presented in the show. 
I agree 100% with the writers' decision to present Brienne as an already-hardened warrior in the show; I think it makes perfect sense given the plot and character development constraints of a 10-episode season that must also devote adequate time to multiple other characters and plot lines. I think the writers wanted to quickly establish Jaime's conflicting feelings about Brienne, and the best way to SHOW that (as opposed to tell it, courtesy of Jaime's inner monologue over the course of many chapters in "Storm of Swords"), is for Brienne to be a bad ass. 
I don't think, either, that Brienne comes off as a senseless killing machine. I think her fury at the one Stark guy, and her method of killing him, was not so much about avenging the three dead whores--although that was certainly part of it--but also a way to avenge all women everywhere in general and herself in particular, who has been the butt of the joke. Jaime's expression says it all: he is not only impressed with Brienne, he is also a little afraid of her, and a little admiring of her, and in the end his expression rightly shows that his feelings for her have suddenly changed, and this confuses him.
I also have the sense that the writers are working Brienne in reverse, making her hardened in the beginning as a result of dealing with a male-dominated world that mocks, doubts and scorns her at every turn, and allowing her to soften and show some vulnerability as her relationship with Jaime changes and deepens. I think, TV-wise, it will be more satisfying and work better visually and dramatically for Jaime and Brienne to kind of "undo" each other.
2983	Rose-Papillon	2012-07-23	I thought the Jaime & Brienne scene stole the episode.  Both are great actors and doing solid adaptaitions of the book characters.D&D would do well to showcase these fine performers and allocate a generous amount of dialouge and screen time to their interactions in season three.I agree with this SO very much! It's the one thing I'm looking forward to the most.
2984	Janicia	2012-08-30	The threat of rape / forced intimacy hangs over book Brienne.  She is angry about how men treat her and angry about rape.  I don't think it is a huge stretch of her character to have a violent response to a man boasting about raping and killing women.  I think it makes more sense for Brienne to be the female character doing something against rapists than pre-pubescent Arya.  I suspect that she dug graves for all 6 of the dead.
2985	Masamune	2012-08-30	I agree 100% with the writers' decision to present Brienne as an already-hardened warrior in the show; I think it makes perfect sense given the plot and character development constraints of a 10-episode season that must also devote adequate time to multiple other characters and plot lines. I think the writers wanted to quickly establish Jaime's conflicting feelings about Brienne, and the best way to SHOW that (as opposed to tell it, courtesy of Jaime's inner monologue over the course of many chapters in "Storm of Swords"), is for Brienne to be a bad ass.Or you know, they've could saved that FOR WHEN BRIENNE BESTS JAIME IN BATTLE. You know, I think that little nugget might be a better establishing scene than making up something that completely betrays the character and turns her into Ivan Drago's sister.
2986	Katydid	2012-08-31	The threat of rape / forced intimacy hangs over book Brienne.  She is angry about how men treat her and angry about rape.  I don't think it is a huge stretch of her character to have a violent response to a man boasting about raping and killing women.  I think it makes more sense for Brienne to be the female character doing something against rapists than pre-pubescent Arya.  I suspect that she dug graves for all 6 of the dead.Something I never considered, but probably true.  She probably did bury the Stark men, along with the hanged women.
2987	Michael J Sullivan	2012-07-23	Hey all,
I just finished the series up last night and let me start by saying I've not read the books.  But I don't understand something.  Winterfell was surrounded by a group of soldiers sent by Robb to rescue his brothers.  The few men holding Winterfell from the Iron islands left.  Next thing we know Winterfell is burned to the ground and there are none of Rob's troops about.  So does this mean that Rob has a traitor in his midst and the troops that were sent to "liberate" Winterfell were actuall told to go destroy it?  I feel like I really missed something here.
2988	Masamune	2012-07-28	Yeeaaah... this was pretty sloppily handled in the show and a major deviation from the books.
Since you're asking spoilerish questions:
	Spoiler Ramsay Bolton (Roose Bolton's bastard) is the one behind the razing of Winterfell. In the books, the story was a little more complex and involved the character "Reek" (who was actually Ramsay in disguise) who earned Theon's trust and whose role was effectively replaced by Dagmer in the show. 
Unlike in the show, Ser Rodrik wasn't beheaded by Theon. He actually had Winterfell surrounded with his men, and Theon was close to accepting defeat and taking the Black. Then Ramsay/Reed rode in, took Ser Rodrik unawares and slaughtered the Stark men. Theon welcomed his saviour into Winterfell, only to learn the truth about Ramsay/Reek, who took him prisoner and razed Winterfell.

					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 28 July 2012 - 05:40 PM.
2989	Michael J Sullivan	2012-07-29	Yeeaaah... this was pretty sloppily handled in the show and a major deviation from the books.Since you're asking spoilerish questions:
	Spoiler Ramsay Bolton (Roose Bolton's bastard) is the one behind the razing of Winterfell. In the books, the story was a little more complex and involved the character "Reek" (who was actually Ramsay in disguise) who earned Theon's trust and whose role was effectively replaced by Dagmer in the show.Unlike in the show, Ser Rodrik wasn't beheaded by Theon. He actually had Winterfell surrounded with his men, and Theon was close to accepting defeat and taking the Black. Then Ramsay/Reed rode in, took Ser Rodrik unawares and slaughtered the Stark men. Theon welcomed his saviour into Winterfell, only to learn the truth about Ramsay/Reek, who took him prisoner and razed Winterfell.
Thanks for answering - I'm quite surprised - this seems like a pretty major deviation then. Based on what you said the movie did handle it incredibly poorly because from the perspective of someone not reading the books - I couldn't figure out what happened to the troops sent to liberate Winterfell.
2990	Lannister Hamster	2012-08-14	I think this would be explained next season - Lord Bolton did say his son would save Winterfell in one of the earlier episodes
2991	Scottish Natural Water	2012-08-26	It was a major deviation, but I personally feel that the deviation was purposely done to give Theon more to do next season. As we all know, Theon doesn't appear in A Storm of Swords, and I think by having the Bastard of Bolton maybe track the Ironborn, and defeat them, capture Theon, and possibly reveal that he burned Winterfell whilst searching for him could be a smart way of including Theon a little bit more. Perhaps then also show him being tortured by the Bastard every now and then in some scenes.
2992	7V3N	2012-08-27	Spoiler 
It also was very unclear if Theon lived in the books. I thought he was dead until he reappeared much later. The show has not made much of an attempt at hiding the fact that Theon is alive.
2993	The Smiling Eye	2012-06-04	Besides the WW, best part of the episode IMO.
He's so damn creepy. His face-switch was excellent, it sent chills down my spine.
I just love the faceless men. They are so mysterious, eerie, and a bit frightening to even the viewer.
2994	boojam	2012-06-04	Besides the WW, best part of the episode IMO.He's so damn creepy. His face-switch was excellent, it sent chills down my spine.I just love the faceless men. They are so mysterious, eerie, and a bit frightening to even the viewer.I wonder what contract Tom Wlaschiha signed? One season?Even with the changes in the kills at Harrenhal were maybe better than George's. They keep Arya's interaction with Jaqen just about as it was in the book. I love that they kept Arya's trick.Notice that finally!, Jaqen told her he knew she was Arya Stark?(To me one of the damned mysteries in the books, not that Jaqen knows she is Arya Stark, but why is he following her?)And he say's straight out that he is a Faceless Man , I can't remember that in the book, but it's probably there.
2995	Septon Meribald	2012-06-04	And he say's straight out that he is a Faceless Man , I can't remember that in the book, but it's probably there.He never claims to be a faceless man outright in the books, but the implication is laid on very heavily. I don't know of anyone that doubts this.
2996	Drunken Bard	2012-06-04	The face switch was cool.
I don't like how Jaqen told Arya that she can get revenge for all people she wants dead, not really what the Faceless Men are all about.
2997	turdle	2012-06-04	I don't like how Jaqen told Arya that she can get revenge for all people she wants dead, not really what the Faceless Men are all about.agreed, seemed weird. it's one thing for arya, a child, to want to be a faceless man so she can get revenge, its another thing for an actual faceless man to tell her she can get her revenge by becoming a faceless man. it'd be like talking to a police man and the police man tells you that YOU should become a police man so you can get back at all the people who bullied you.
2998	the_jusme	2012-06-04	I've been a little confused regarding the tie between the FM and the Red God on the shows. I know in the book when Jaqen and Arya first talk about the three deaths that are owed he mentions the Red God, but in context that makes sense because the three lives saved were about to die by fire. What's with this latest mention of the Red God in this episode? Is the show telling us that the FM worship the Red God? In the books it seems as if they worship all the gods equally, because it is said that they are all really the same god or something like that. Not a big deal, just wanted to see if anyone else noticed the same tie they are trying to make on the show between the FM and Red God and if that tie is implied in the books (I don't think so).
2999	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	The face switch was cool.I don't like how Jaqen told Arya that she can get revenge for all people she wants dead, not really what the Faceless Men are all about.I didn't understand it that way. To me it seemed he was persuading her to go to Braavos first and see what the FM were all about, and get the opportunity to ask for their deaths. And only later join them. He never says she would be the one to kill the people on her list with FM training.
3000	Septon Meribald	2012-06-04	I've been a little confused regarding the tie between the FM and the Red God on the shows. I know in the book when Jaqen and Arya first talk about the three deaths that are owed he mentions the Red God, but in context that makes sense because the three lives saved were about to die by fire. What's with this latest mention of the Red God in this episode? Is the show telling us that the FM worship the Red God? In the books it seems as if they worship all the gods equally, because it is said that they are all really the same god or something like that. Not a big deal, just wanted to see if anyone else noticed the same tie they are trying to make on the show between the FM and Red God and if that tie is implied in the books (I don't think so).In the books the Faceless Men worship the Many-Faced God, but he is known by many names. It seems to be that any one is as good as another. Jaqen H'gar is a man from Lorath who apparently follows the Red God. To me it was about not not breaking character, because obviously in reality he is no-one.
3001	saryan	2012-06-04	Maybe this is Jaqen engaging in a little FM practical joke in retaliation for her giving him his own nameâ<U+0080>¦heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s tricking her into going all the way to Braavos on the pretext of being able to take out all of her enemies, only for her to get there and discover the FM are not about personal revenge!  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
Seriously, though, I agree that him telling her that is weird.  Althoughâ<U+0080>¦there are also weird things about Jaqen in the book that donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t always seem to match precisely with the FM, as has been discussed in other threadsâ<U+0080>¦.most notably that he tells her he will kill his own father if she orders him too.  He is also killing people he obviously does know at least in passing at her command.
There may be a simple explanation for this (ie, paying back the God trumps knowing or not knowing your target), but we donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t yet have enough information about either the FM or Jaqen himself to know for sure.  It could be his statement about revenge is an extension of this (potential) contradiction in how he operates.
3002	Drunken Bard	2012-06-04	I didn't understand it that way. To me it seemed he was persuading her to go to Braavos first and see what the FM were all about, and get the opportunity to ask for their deaths. And only later join them. He never says she would be the one to kill the people on her list with FM training.Yes but even though at this point in the books we didn't know this, the faceless men don't get to ask for anyone's death, especially deaths of those they despise. That would kind of defeat the purpose of throwing away your old life.
3003	Drunken Bard	2012-06-04	Maybe this is Jaqen engaging in a little FM practical joke in retaliation for her giving him his own nameâ<U+0080>¦heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s tricking her into going all the way to Braavos on the pretext of being able to take out all of her enemies, only for her to get there and discover the FM are not about personal revenge!  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Seriously, though, I agree that him telling her that is weird.  Althoughâ<U+0080>¦there are also weird things about Jaqen in the book that donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t always seem to match precisely with the FM, as has been discussed in other threadsâ<U+0080>¦.most notably that he tells her he will kill his own father if she orders him too.  He is also killing people he obviously does know at least in passing at her command.There may be a simple explanation for this (ie, paying back the God trumps knowing or not knowing your target), but we donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t yet have enough information about either the FM or Jaqen himself to know for sure.  It could be his statement about revenge is an extension of this (potential) contradiction in how he operates.Id have to agree with you there about Jaqen, i don't think hes your average faceless man, if he even is one, especially with the Jaqen/Alchemist stuff.
					
					
							Edited by Drunken Bard, 04 June 2012 - 11:25 AM.
3004	boojam	2012-06-04	The face switch was cool.I don't like how Jaqen told Arya that she can get revenge for all people she wants dead, not really what the Faceless Men are all about.You are right, tho it's a little oblique, so I don't know how D and D are going to handle this later.I wish they would drop the Red God stuff!
3005	boojam	2012-06-04	I've been a little confused regarding the tie between the FM and the Red God on the shows. I know in the book when Jaqen and Arya first talk about the three deaths that are owed he mentions the Red God, but in context that makes sense because the three lives saved were about to die by fire. What's with this latest mention of the Red God in this episode? Is the show telling us that the FM worship the Red God? In the books it seems as if they worship all the gods equally, because it is said that they are all really the same god or something like that. Not a big deal, just wanted to see if anyone else noticed the same tie they are trying to make on the show between the FM and Red God and if that tie is implied in the books (I don't think so).My feeling is that , writing time wise, George when he got to writing about the details of FM , he kinda forgot about some of the things Jaqen had said in CoK. The horse was out of the barn , he was not going to go back and rewrite Jaqen's dialog.
3006	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	Yes but even though at this point in the books we didn't know this, the faceless men don't get to ask for anyone's death, especially deaths of those they despise. That would kind of defeat the purpose of throwing away your old life.I agree, but I meant that she could ask before joining the FM. Maybe going to Braavos and learning about the local culture before being trained to become a FM, who knows?But anyway, what I do think more likely is that he simply said that to attract her to the FM after seeing that she could be useful for his "order", or whatever they are. Not to mention all the theories claiming they have a secret agenda concerning Arya, so... who knows?
3007	Dontos the Slim	2012-06-04	I don't like how Jaqen told Arya that she can get revenge for all people she wants dead, not really what the Faceless Men are all about.We (two book readers) last night took this as almost a kind of recruiting pitch for the Faceless Men, you know, not entirely accurate and enough to pique the interest of the recruiting target. Kinda like the U.S. military.Of course, there is still no real guidance on why Arya Stark would be that high-value of a recruiting target.
3008	Reposado	2012-06-04	agreed, seemed weird. it's one thing for arya, a child, to want to be a faceless man so she can get revenge, its another thing for an actual faceless man to tell her she can get her revenge by becoming a faceless man. it'd be like talking to a police man and the police man tells you that YOU should become a police man so you can get back at all the people who bullied you.This probably happens all the time, but maybe not so overtly. why do you think people become cops?I don't like how Jaqen told Arya that she can get revenge for all people she wants dead, not really what the Faceless Men are all about.it's not what book faceless men are about. show faceless men may be all about it
3009	Drunken Bard	2012-06-04	This probably happens all the time, but maybe not so overtly. why do you think people become cops?it's not what book faceless men are about. show faceless men may be all about itTrue that
3010	boojam	2012-06-04	We (two book readers) last night took this as almost a kind of recruiting pitch for the Faceless Men, you know, not entirely accurate and enough to pique the interest of the recruiting target. Kinda like the U.S. military.Of course, there is still no real guidance on why Arya Stark would be that high-value of a recruiting target.A long running mystery.I don't think a FM would be 'shadowing' Arya Stark (and he does know who she is)without some reason.... and remember Jaqen's wish that she come to Braavos , does come true.
3011	Gerdan_Redsnow	2012-06-04	We (two book readers) last night took this as almost a kind of recruiting pitch for the Faceless Men, you know, not entirely accurate and enough to pique the interest of the recruiting target. Kinda like the U.S. military.Of course, there is still no real guidance on why Arya Stark would be that high-value of a recruiting target.High Born Lady - having the ears of many Northern Lords which could give them a route into intelligence they would not have got otherwise?
3012	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Do we even know if the Faceless men think of themselves as a "we', or simply as individuals with missions? They don't exactly bond over there, at least not enough to think of the good of the institution, or be concerned on how their organization can get more information. I thought of them as a "we work alone and don't care about the other of us" type.
3013	Morrigan	2012-06-06	I was wondering, what would happen with the Alchemist in S4 or 5. Will they re-use that extra whose face we saw after the transformation (is he an actor or an extra)? Will they get a new actor but somehow throw the viewers hint that he was formerly Jaqen? Will they show that extra re-switch back to his old Jaqen face so non-readers will know who the Alchemist is?...Then I started to think, the way they're so dramatically changing everything, will there even be a Faceless Man at the Citadel in Oldtown at all... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3014	boojam	2012-06-19	I was wondering, what would happen with the Alchemist in S4 or 5. Will they re-use that extra whose face we saw after the transformation (is he an actor or an extra)? Will they get a new actor but somehow throw the viewers hint that he was formerly Jaqen? Will they show that extra re-switch back to his old Jaqen face so non-readers will know who the Alchemist is?...Then I started to think, the way they're so dramatically changing everything, will there even be a Faceless Man at the Citadel in Oldtown at all... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Since no one answered this , the new-Jaqen or un-Jaqen ...was played by an actor Patrick O'Kane , Irish actor, who has a lot of both stage, TV and film experience , so he's not an extra.Since Tom Wlaschiha has been a hit, and D and D do use some economy in casting, I would think we would see him again...It is  O'Kane who got to say "Farewell Arya Stark" .I have always thought this the most mysterious thing about Jaqen. In the book he tells her several times he knows who she is.The show has keep this.Arya thinks he found it out from Gendry, but apparently not, he has been 'shadowing' her since KL , for what reason we never know.Except that he does get her to Braavos ... not many fans her have mentioned this mystery.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 19 June 2012 - 01:26 PM.
3015	FrozenFire3	2012-06-20	I was wondering, what would happen with the Alchemist in S4 or 5. Will they re-use that extra whose face we saw after the transformation (is he an actor or an extra)? Will they get a new actor but somehow throw the viewers hint that he was formerly Jaqen? Will they show that extra re-switch back to his old Jaqen face so non-readers will know who the Alchemist is?...Then I started to think, the way they're so dramatically changing everything, will there even be a Faceless Man at the Citadel in Oldtown at all... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Likely xD I was thinking about that too a few days ago. Jaqen is a fascinating and intriguing character and Tom Wlaschiha is such a good actor! It's foundamental to show the alchemist in my opinion, but a lot of foundamental things were cut in the series... so I wouldn't get my hopes up. I'm not expecting to find every single scene from the book in the series, but some things which should not be overlooked, are...
3016	HexenII	2012-07-23	I wonder what contract Tom Wlaschiha signed? One season?Even with the changes in the kills at Harrenhal were maybe better than George's. They keep Arya's interaction with Jaqen just about as it was in the book.I love that they kept Arya's trick.Notice that finally!, Jaqen told her he knew she was Arya Stark?(To me one of the damned mysteries in the books, not that Jaqen knows she is Arya Stark, but why is he following her?)And he say's straight out that he is a Faceless Man , I can't remember that in the book, but it's probably there.Maybe Ned Stark has some roots/business in Braavos, remember that Ned gets Arya a sword teacher from there, who knows?
3017	Patchface12	2012-06-04	I was dissapointed about the House of Undying, but I had my hopes pretty low since I didn't hear about Aerys, Rhaegar and Elia, and the Undying being cast.
However, the vision of the Red Keep burned out and abandoned in the middle of Winter makes me wonder. I was a big fan of the theory about Dany and co. using Aerys old wildfyre caches to destroy the Others during an attack on KL, and Martin has given the gist of the ending to D & D. Could this have been what they were alluding to?
3018	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I wonder if it was winter or if it was ash (Dragon Fire)...?
3019	Independent George	2012-06-05	I think it's more that when winter comes, the game of thrones ceases to matter. When the Long Night comes, kings and peasants will dies just the same, and the iron throne is just another uncomfortable chair in just another ruin.
3020	Bride of Winter	2012-06-05	I like that idea. I couldn't figure out if it was snow or ash, but I like winter more. 
also, this has been bugging me. I'll post it here instead of the other HOTU thread so more people can see it. I know D&D know the endgame, so how do these new theories fit in with the ones in the series? are they just different ways of articulating the same point (Dany visiting the Wall instead of seeing the blue flower growing out of the chink of ice)? because personally I don't remember any vision or prophecy even similar to hers in the throne room, or even being at the wall. If this is their "dumbing down" the end game (for lack of better words) for TV viewers, I'm not sure how I feel about them giving so much away so quickly. 
This is of course assuming they're following the same broad stroke as the books as far as the ending goes. I won't even consider the alternative that they're fabricating their own endgame.
3021	Prince of the North	2012-06-05	I was disappointed that there was no vision of Rhaegar, Elia, and baby Aegon but then I realized that they probably want to save that particular reveal for closer to when it will matter.  That's the M. O. of the show: they don't want to introduce characters or plot points only to have them not show up again in any meaningful sense for another two seasons.  I think that was the case.
Also, along the same lines as what Independent George said, yes, the Game of Thrones is already petty.  Just imagine how utterly meaningless it would become if the upcoming Battle for the Dawn is lost?!  That's why while I do believe R+L=J, I don't think Jon's ass will ever touch the Iron Throne (and Dany's may not either).  They have much bigger fish to fry, you see, and life is not a song /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3022	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	Like the majority of book readers, I was disappointed in the Dany's visit to the House the Undying, but after thinking long and hard about why the changes were made, I've come up with a couple of possible reasons other than budget and time.1. We can see everything - The fact that we can actually see what Dany does instead of just getting her description could make her visions much more obvious, which would ruin the effect for most of the viewers because we would know exactly what is happening or who it is showing. Dany doesn't recognize the majority of the people she sees so we don't know what the visions mean at that point. For example, in the RW vision, the Northmen have pretty recognizable costumes and so when we saw people in those particular costumes butchered and Grey Wind's head on a body that looks like what Robb wears, we'd know who was dead. In the vision of King Aerys, we would recognize Jamie Lannister. When she sees Rhaegar die and he whispers a woman's name, we could hear him say the name. She just says a woman's name because she doesn't recognize the name, but we would. The corpse at the prow of the ship, the blue-eyed king (proof that it's Stannis) and the beast that breathes shadow fire (a Griffin?) - all of these could be identified by book readers and maybe George doesn't want that clear of confirmation at this point.2. Non-book readers probably wouldn't understand most of it - Most of the visions wouldn't be clear to non-readers. They don't know anything about the blue rose or Rhaegar's rubies or his potential Lyanna relationship.I think they chose visions that could be identified by TV-viewers, but perhaps express the overall meaning of what Dany needs to know, which is perhaps what Independent George said earlier - I think it's more that when winter comes, the game of thrones ceases to matter. When the Long Night comes, kings and peasants will dies just the same, and the iron throne is just another uncomfortable chair in just another ruin.I do think they could have at least said the dragon has three heads and included the statements that they say that didn't have visions - three fires, three treasons and three mounts.I am hopeful that this will be rectified by having Quaithe tell Dany these things before they leave Qarth. It could work with her saying it and she has established herself as a more trustworthy person to receive prophecy from while the Undying were complete villains in the show.
					
					
							Edited by sarah.jenice, 05 June 2012 - 09:42 AM.
3023	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-05	I thought she went into the HotU because Pyat Pree offered her wisdom and knowledge. So that is why she saw what she saw in the books when she went from room to room.
TVHotU made it about... nothing really... she is just getting her dragons back. There was no point to any of what she saw or even why she saw anything at all. They showed her seeing winter coming and then found an excuse to get Jason Momoa (fan favouritism??) back into the series. Pointless.
3024	Harimad	2012-06-05	I was disappointed that there was no vision of Rhaegar, Elia, and baby Aegon but then I realized that they probably want to save that particular reveal for closer to when it will matter.  That's the M. O. of the show: they don't want to introduce characters or plot points only to have them not show up again in any meaningful sense for another two seasons.  I think that was the case.Also, along the same lines as what Independent George said, yes, the Game of Thrones is already petty.  Just imagine how utterly meaningless it would become if the upcoming Battle for the Dawn is lost?!  That's why while I do believe R+L=J, I don't think Jon's ass will ever touch the Iron Throne (and Dany's may not either).  They have much bigger fish to fry, you see, and life is not a song /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I was really hoping for Rhaegar, but i knew it was pointless.I was expecting more out of the HOTU but it always confused the 7 hells out of me in the book and I cant imagine what it would be like for non-readers.I also was curious as to whether it was ash or snow, although either way, it was a beautiful shot.i was bummed not to have the Undying/rotting heart scene. Pyatt lighting on fire was "meh."I for one kind of hope that Jon doesn't end up on the throne. The iron throne does not bode well for the arses that sit upon it...hahaI have been wondering how the caches of wildfire beneath the city will turn out as well, especially since in Jaime's POVs we've found out a little bit more about it.I'm not a Dany fan on book or screen (love Emilia, though) so I honestly am hoping for a typically Targaryen end for her. And one that does not involve her and Jon. Gross.
					
					
							Edited by Harimad, 05 June 2012 - 09:58 AM.
3025	Harimad	2012-06-05	I thought she went into the HotU because Pyat Pree offered her wisdom and knowledge. So that is why she saw what she saw in the books when she went from room to room.TVHotU made it about... nothing really... she is just getting her dragons back. There was no point to any of what she saw or even why she saw anything at all. They showed her seeing winter coming and then found an excuse to get Jason Momoa (fan favouritism??) back into the series. Pointless.I agree they could have somehow snuck some of the more important prophecies in there...there could have been a million Pyat Prees whispering to her that would have been incredibly eerie....I actually liked the Jason Momoa scene, but I would have liked it better if it wasn't the only scene. I think it was an interesting portrayal of what her life could have been if she hadn't chosen the dragons
3026	Harimad	2012-06-05	Did anyone else laugh when Dany said "my home is in Westeros" and Pyat said "it will be a long time before you go home" (that was not verbatim, I know) ?
In ADWD....still waiting....
3027	Morvran	2012-06-05	I was disappointed that there was no vision of Rhaegar, Elia, and baby Aegon but then I realized that they probably want to save that particular reveal for closer to when it will matter. I'm not convinced they'll ever do a Rhaegar, Elia flashback because I'm not sure the non-reader audience can handle one.  They'd have to start on that right away and keep the theme going for people to get it.  If they do it, I'll consider it more icing on an already good cake, but I don't have my hopes up.That said, if they're to introduce the Dorne story they need to either get into that backstory or create a new one, and I can't imagine them just creating a new one.
3028	Reposado	2012-06-05	2. Non-book readers probably wouldn't understand most of it - Most of the visions wouldn't be clear to non-readers. They don't know anything about the blue rose or Rhaegar's rubies or his potential Lyanna relationship.They would puzzle it out quickly enough. non-readers often watch shows closely and focus on details and what they could mean. Look at the way people analyze Breaking Bad, Lost etc.  People who have not read the books are watching this show just as closely. even if they didn't mean anything immediately, they would remember and discuss
3029	WolveseatDragons	2012-06-05	I certainly understand why there was no RW vision and I'm fine with it.  The RW is already going to be very hard to keep a secret to viewers.  I do agree an Aerys scene would have been nails and I don't think it would have confused viewers.  A Rhaegar scene at the Trident would have also reminded viewers that the past is VERY important in the story and it wouldn't have been too confusing. I absolutely hated the Drogo scene not only because it was added but because it served no real purpose. Honestly it felt like something out of Twilight or some other romance/thriller movie and was a sellout.  A blue rose in the Wall also would have confused viewers but that isn't such a terrible thing, it confused readers the first time as well.  Isn't part of the point to get people THINKING about the show because it is so complex?
I was really outraged that they didn't have the "3's" mentioned because that would have required no real imagery.  Pyatt Pree could have said them.  Then as I thought about it I realized that the reason was they had written themselves into a corner with the dragon stealing.  In the book Dany goes to the HotU for knowledge but in the show she only goes for her dragons.  They didn't even have her drink shade of the evening which I thought was just lazy writing and it would have made the images more interesting and made non fantasy folks more comfortable because it would be a "is this real or a dream?" as a story.  However since the plot in the show was Dany just wanted her Dragons back and just as importantly the Warlocks only wanted to imprison Dany it made it pointless for them to give her any future prophecies because according to the Warlocks she was always just going to be imprisoned.
So in the end the problems with the HotU are "butterfly effect" from pulling the "dragon stealing" card.  They were written into a corner and had to make more changes to make up for the earlier changes.  My guess is that Quaithe will end up getting on the ship with Dany and have a larger role in prophecies to fill in the gaps.
3030	Independent George	2012-06-05	TVHotU made it about... nothing really... she is just getting her dragons back. There was no point to any of what she saw or even why she saw anything at all. They showed her seeing winter coming and then found an excuse to get Jason Momoa (fan favouritism??) back into the series. Pointless.It's not pointless; it's the subtext of the entire show. Winter is coming, and if it's merely the throne she wants, that's what she'll have: a frozen throne in an empty ruin. Drogo and Rhaego are what she's already lost in her quest - not just their lives, but, really, her own, too. It goes back to MMD's words - "What value does life have when everything else is taken away?", and to LC Mormont's - "When dead men walk and hunt us in the night, do you think it matters who sits the Iron Throne?".She doesn't know about the coming Snowmageddon, but the viewers do, and she will (presumably) learn. That is the point to the HotU, and to the entire series as a whole.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 05 June 2012 - 10:39 AM.
3031	Ser Greguh	2012-06-05	I very much enjoyed the HOTU scene in the show precisely because it didn't attempt to put together a half-assed version of an unfilmable scene; the chaotic prophecy infodump is a trope that just works much better in prose than it ever could on the screen, and any vision that attempted to match the scene as described in the books would have never worked for any purpose other than to appease the purists.  Same with flashbacks; the logistical difficulties aside (casting actors, finding locations, getting the look right), they're the sort of thing that needs the right buildup in order to be effective, and as heavy as the show has been in exposition, we just don't have enough of the backstory to justify stranding a flashback in the middle of nowhere, as doing so would result in  90+% of the viewers being completely lost.Yes, the history of the story is important, Rhaegar, Lyanna, Elia, Aerys, and others that were dead before the series ever began were important characters, but there's a reason why the word "Adaptation" comes from the root "To Adapt", which means to "change", and asking the audience to keep track of a host of characters .  I honestly think the vast majority of the people here have no freaking clue just how difficult the task is that D&D have here.And I kind of liked the presentation of 3 possible futures: one with Dany in the throne room, but with it in ashes and snow falling from the sky; one with her at the Wall, seeming a little lost and alone, and one of her with Drogo, living out her life as a Khaleesi of the Dothraki.  They've introduced Qaithe, so they do have an outlet to bring any more prophecies / visions that they want in the future as they see fit, and have time for, but insofar as Dany's visions are important to her story, they haven't been important to her story yet (the only real tangible result thusfar has been her constant worrying about where her next "treason" will come from), so to me it's not important that they happen here.
3032	DirtyRobes	2012-06-05	I do think they could have at least said the dragon has three heads and included the statements that they say that didn't have visions - three fires, three treasons and three mounts.I am hopeful that this will be rectified by having Quaithe tell Dany these things before they leave Qarth. It could work with her saying it and she has established herself as a more trustworthy person to receive prophecy from while the Undying were complete villains in the show.Agreed. I had a very similar feeling when we got so little from the HotU. But instead of it happening before she leaves Qarth I expect that she will continue to appear throughout Dany's visions and thats how we'll get our 3 Mounts....Still think the least they could have done is put a blue flower on the Wall!! Even if non-readers didn't know what it meant, its the Haunted House full of visions. They would have understood That!
3033	Morvran	2012-06-05	They would puzzle it out quickly enough. non-readers often watch shows closely and focus on details and what they could mean. Look at the way people analyze Breaking Bad, Lost etc.  People who have not read the books are watching this show just as closely. even if they didn't mean anything immediately, they would remember and discussFanatics do this, but the majority of show-watchers don't do much beyond occasional show recaps.  I don't know any non-reader friends that watch GoT and then scour the net for information.  There's also the issue of running into spoilers that viewers of Lost and such shows didn't have to deal with.  It would be very difficult to search for the meaning behind the blue flower in the wall or Rhaegar and Elia without accidentally spoiling so much more.
3034	gogorath	2012-06-05	I thought she went into the HotU because Pyat Pree offered her wisdom and knowledge. So that is why she saw what she saw in the books when she went from room to room.TVHotU made it about... nothing really... she is just getting her dragons back. There was no point to any of what she saw or even why she saw anything at all. They showed her seeing winter coming and then found an excuse to get Jason Momoa (fan favouritism??) back into the series. Pointless.No, it's not about nothing.  It's not the same as the book, but Dany is making choices about what she wants in life -- much like Tyrion chooses the game over a life in Pentos or Jon will have to choose between the Watch and other things soon or Theon or any number of characters this season.  The visions try to convince her to stay in the dream with Drogo -- to forget that useless throne -- but she chooses elsewise. It's more character based than the books.  I thought it was good but not as good as the books.  But it was not meaningless just because it didn't have the book meaning.
3035	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	Did anyone else laugh when Dany said "my home is in Westeros" and Pyat said "it will be a long time before you go home" (that was not verbatim, I know) ?In ADWD....still waiting....Too many times I've had a non-reader ask when Dany is going to land on Westeros and I just have to stare and refuse to say anything. "I'll let you know when I find out" goes through my head /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yeah I did like the image a lot. Were there brazier type things attached to the pillars in the throne room? Given the whole "fire kills wights" thing I figured that was some kind of defence against the wights and the cold itself but then the roof was burnt off which kinda suggested dragon fire.
3036	Tytus	2012-06-05	No, it's not about nothing.  It's not the same as the book, but Dany is making choices about what she wants in life -- much like Tyrion chooses the game over a life in Pentos or Jon will have to choose between the Watch and other things soon or Theon or any number of characters this season.  The visions try to convince her to stay in the dream with Drogo -- to forget that useless throne -- but she chooses elsewise.It's more character based than the books.  I thought it was good but not as good as the books.  But it was not meaningless just because it didn't have the book meaning.Right, this sequence serves a different purpose than it does in the books.If that's true, and they're more like tricks set up by Pree to lure Dany into contentedness, then we should take the meanings of them with a grain of salt.
3037	Reposado	2012-06-05	There's also the issue of running into spoilers that viewers of Lost and such shows didn't have to deal with.  It would be very difficult to search for the meaning behind the blue flower in the wall or Rhaegar and Elia without accidentally spoiling so much more.there's places for discussion that don't allow book spoilers. iv'e seen them come up with things i never thought they would have based on show alone.
3038	Clariana	2012-06-05	It's not pointless; it's the subtext of the entire show. Winter is coming, and if it's merely the throne she wants, that's what she'll have: a frozen throne in an empty ruin. Drogo and Rhaego are what she's already lost in her quest - not just their lives, but, really, her own, too. It goes back to MMD's words - "What value does life have when everything else is taken away?", and to LC Mormont's - "When dead men walk and hunt us in the night, do you think it matters who sits the Iron Throne?".She doesn't know about the coming Snowmageddon, but the viewers do, and she will (presumably) learn. That is the point to the HotU, and to the entire series as a whole.I so agree... Mentsch tracht, Gott lacht.If there is a main theme to GoT it is this; that mortal power struggles are ultimately always fruitless (a GAME, in fact) because man is just the casual thought of a second rate deity sandwiched between two ice ages... Utterly dependent upon an environment he cannot control.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 05 June 2012 - 05:00 PM.
3039	Currawong	2012-06-05	I'm not convinced they'll ever do a Rhaegar, Elia flashback because I'm not sure the non-reader audience can handle one.  They'd have to start on that right away and keep the theme going for people to get it.  If they do it, I'll consider it more icing on an already good cake, but I don't have my hopes up.Again, I think this is one of the problems in adapting GRRM's books for the screen, because so much backstory in the books comes in thoughts and memories and simple exposition.  From what we have seen so far, I think the writers are - wisely IMHO- very wary of doing any sort of flashbacks in this series.   They can be incredibly confusing to viewers, especially in a show such as this which has so many characters and so many diffrent sub-plots.  As an example, I recall some people I know being completely confused about  flashbacks in the recent movie Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, yet there were far fewer characters in that story and many of the flashbacks were different scenes from one particular Christmas party.As far as I can see, the GoT writers will try to give us really important backstory (which does not mean every little bit of backstory that dedicated book readers want!) in the form of exposition / dialogue scenes where they can best fit them in, rather than flashbacks.  But this 'fitting in' may not be at the equivalent point in the TV story as the books.  An excellent example of this was the Ned/Jaime confrontation in Series 1, where Jaime tells Ned about the deaths of Brandon and Rickard, and sheds some light on mad King Aerys.   It's an invented scene, but sheds light on two important characters and gives us information about Aerys that we don't find out until much later in the books..Don't forget all the previous screams on this board about "but there are no Reeks!", yet as we now know, they are being cast for Series 3 so are obviously being fitted in at a different point because of the requirments of adapting the books for TV. .
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 05 June 2012 - 05:03 PM.
3040	Teren_Kanan	2012-06-05	Anyone else wonder if there is any kind of symbolism in the throne room scene? Maybe more than "the cold undead folk are a threat to kings landing"?
Snow is on the throne, after all.... =p
					
					
							Edited by Teren_Kanan, 05 June 2012 - 06:29 PM.
3041	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	Anyone else wonder if there is any kind of symbolism in the throne room scene? Maybe more than "the cold undead folk are a threat to kings landing"?Snow is on the throne, after all.... =pI've heard that often and I hope David and Dan are clever enough to have planned that all along.  Especially considering she walks beyond the Wall afterwards.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 05 June 2012 - 07:04 PM.
3042	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-05	It's not pointless; it's the subtext of the entire show. Winter is coming, and if it's merely the throne she wants, that's what she'll have: a frozen throne in an empty ruin. Drogo and Rhaego are what she's already lost in her quest - not just their lives, but, really, her own, too. It goes back to MMD's words - "What value does life have when everything else is taken away?", and to LC Mormont's - "When dead men walk and hunt us in the night, do you think it matters who sits the Iron Throne?".She doesn't know about the coming Snowmageddon, but the viewers do, and she will (presumably) learn. That is the point to the HotU, and to the entire series as a whole.No, it's not about nothing.  It's not the same as the book, but Dany is making choices about what she wants in life -- much like Tyrion chooses the game over a life in Pentos or Jon will have to choose between the Watch and other things soon or Theon or any number of characters this season.  The visions try to convince her to stay in the dream with Drogo -- to forget that useless throne -- but she chooses elsewise.It's more character based than the books.  I thought it was good but not as good as the books.  But it was not meaningless just because it didn't have the book meaning.Right, this sequence serves a different purpose than it does in the books.If that's true, and they're more like tricks set up by Pree to lure Dany into contentedness, then we should take the meanings of them with a grain of salt.Why would she see any visions at all in tHotU? PP only mentions that she can find her Dragons and 'nothing' else. Yet here we have visions of her desires and supposedly what is to come. It doesnt serve any purpose given what is to come in the books.Fair enough that the Drogo scene is to trap her in a dream state so she doesnt fight to leave, but how does a vision of a destroyed KL serve her in any way? Does the destruction happen after she is Queen, before she is queen or during? Does she even become queen of westeros?? Its probably just visual nonsense to make her think that the Throne is not worth pursuing and she should stay with Drogo... in a tiny tent in a snowstorm... at the base of the wall....For me the KL destruction is just a cue for the viewers of the show that winter is coming rather than any useful info for Danny as a character, but maybe just as a potential trap for Danny to make her give up. Which seems clumsy to me.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 05 June 2012 - 07:53 PM.
3043	tolthar	2012-06-05	It's not pointless; it's the subtext of the entire show. Winter is coming, and if it's merely the throne she wants, that's what she'll have: a frozen throne in an empty ruin. Drogo and Rhaego are what she's already lost in her quest - not just their lives, but, really, her own, too. It goes back to MMD's words - "What value does life have when everything else is taken away?", and to LC Mormont's - "When dead men walk and hunt us in the night, do you think it matters who sits the Iron Throne?".She doesn't know about the coming Snowmageddon, but the viewers do, and she will (presumably) learn. That is the point to the HotU, and to the entire series as a whole.Everything here is precisely what I think! Well put
3044	Lord of Cheese	2012-06-06	I dont think its a vision of the future if she does such and such so its just outright false to suggest its a 'prophecy' of 'winter winning' the war against fire... and that she therefore shouldnt strive for the throne. She does need to be ruthless to get the throne and she will have to sacrifice many lives to get it. The vision is just not useful information to her in any way.
She does not give up her quest for the throne in the books (although she appears distracted atm), so showing her a frozen ruin is kinda useless and doesnt fit the story to come.
The vision is more to make her stay in the HotU to be trapped.
3045	BlackTalon	2012-06-06	I very much enjoyed the HOTU scene in the show precisely because it didn't attempt to put together a half-assed version of an unfilmable scene; the chaotic prophecy infodump is a trope that just works much better in prose than it ever could on the screen, and any vision that attempted to match the scene as described in the books would have never worked for any purpose other than to appease the purists.thank you for saving me the effort of typing out precisely the same answer :-)Someone ought to tell Linda ... jeez ...Yeah I did like the image a lot. Were there brazier type things attached to the pillars in the throne room? Given the whole "fire kills wights" thing I figured that was some kind of defence against the wights and the cold itself but then the roof was burnt off which kinda suggested dragon fire.Huh? those clearly are the same braziers that Joffrey had added to the throne room when he was redecorating (in the scene whee he was slapped by cersei) they had fires burning in those braziers in pretty much every throne room scene since ...!?!Btw in the scene in the HOTU you can clearly see that there are icicles on one of the braziers, it is definitly snow and not ashes that are falling.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 06 June 2012 - 05:22 AM.
3046	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2012-06-06	We got the only piece of Book Version HOTU that really matters anyway:
Dragons have brought back magic.
Prophecies can be placed elsewhere at a later date, in dreams or whatever.
I'm just glad we are finished with the second worst part of Dany's journey. The next part is much more interesting. Then there's Mereen, but oh well.
					
					
							Edited by Ser_not_appearing_yet, 06 June 2012 - 05:40 AM.
3047	Blangadanger	2012-06-06	Anyone else think that the three scenes in her dream were representative of the past, present, and future? Drogo being the past she could've had, the present where the Wall is being overtaken by winter, and the future being when the Iron Throne stands in ruin. But since it was displayed in reverse order, I took it to mean that Pyat wanted her to dwell on the past rather than continue on her journey into the future. I think Dany's scene with Drogo was very instrumental in helping her tv-character understand that it is time to take control over her own destiny, and that destiny is fire and blood. She knows that her future will bring death to many, but she accepts it as truth of her own identity. She's been saying a lot since she "birthed" the dragons, but it wasn't until she escapes the dreams of the Houses of the Undying that she takes action.
Is it anything like the book? Not really. But do I think it's meaningless? Absolutely not.
3048	BlackTalon	2012-06-06	I think Dany's scene with Drogo was very instrumental in helping her tv-character understand that it is time to take control over her own destiny,  [ ... ] but it wasn't until she escapes the dreams of the Houses of the Undying that she takes action.After the show it occurred to me that this was some kind of echo of her "If I look back I am lost" line in the books. It must have been absolutley gut wrenching for her to meet Drogo again and even more so her child, how it could have been.A weaker person might well have stayed there in that tent forever, but she tore herself away.
3049	MysteriousStranger08	2012-06-09	Personally, I thought the whole scene with Drogo, considering that she had to walk through the Wall to get to him, suggests that her family lies beyond the Wall/at the Wall i.e. Jon. I like the idea that having a vision of Drogo is showing Dany the life she could'be had, and for her to break away from the past and move forward, but I'm just wondering if there was a little bit of symbolism there.
As for the Iron Throne, difficult to interpret, but the idea of 'snow on the Iron Throne' is probably the most prevalent. I'm guessing that its also foreshadowing the White Walkers Invasion of Westeros, linking in with the idea of going beyond the Wall aswell.
Yes, its a pity we didn't have all the other visions and the three betrayels, but I suppose they can come later through Quaithe or something like that. While it wasn't fantastic, the HotU wasn't as bad as it could've been.
3050	pretzalz	2012-06-10	Fanatics do this, but the majority of show-watchers don't do much beyond occasional show recaps.  I don't know any non-reader friends that watch GoT and then scour the net for information.  There's also the issue of running into spoilers that viewers of Lost and such shows didn't have to deal with.  It would be very difficult to search for the meaning behind the blue flower in the wall or Rhaegar and Elia without accidentally spoiling so much more.Let me point out, just in case it isn't obvious, the majority of book readers read the books once and don't scour the net for information.  I read aCOK in 1999, and then again in 2004 in preperation of aFFC.  That's it.  This may blow your mind, but I took a leisurely 6 months to read aDWD.  And I therefore consider myself above average for a book reader along with visiting these forums occasionally.  Of course I acknowledge that I am below average for anyone that would visit online forums.  I don't remember much at all of Qarth.  I certainly didn't remember any of the prophesies.   Well except for the 3 betrayals as that is repeated virtually every Dany POV.  I reread the HoTU chapter twice after seeing the episode.  The first rereading I still didn't notice the RW reference.  I'm still not sure what the blue rose means.  They are all easter eggs.  Meant to be interesting tidbits for those that reread the books once a year, but by no means integral to the story.
3051	courtjezteruk	2012-06-15	I wonder if it was winter or if it was ash (Dragon Fire)...?Thank god, i thought it was just me who thought it was ash rather than snow.
3052	moonsblood	2012-06-16	I wasn't expecting to see the visions as they were in the book,  but I was expecting and excited to see Shade of the Evening, thanks alot D&D.
Also I think it was snow and ash in the throne room.  Ice and Fire.
3053	wotad	2012-06-16	it was perfect you guys want to much me i love dany and only watch the show for her and i was happy with this
3054	King of the Road	2012-07-21	I think that Dany will take King's Landing, but not be crowned; hence her not quite touching the throne. She will then go North to fight the Others, as shown by her visit to the Wall. 
Then, perhaps she will die in this battle, as we see her and Drogo reunited at the Wall.
3055	Craven Mummer	2012-06-04	My memory may be off, but I think we could only have Roose in Season 3. If the season is only going up to the RW, then it may make sense to not have Ramsay. It would also make Reek a bit more of a surprise.
(null)
3056	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	I hope they don't cut out Theon entirely from S3.  Just one or two scenes of him being tortured in the Dreadfort, so the audience can know exactly what is going on with him should be sufficient.   They are going to need to cast Ramsay for S3 anyway, you'd think, to explain just who the hell burned Winterfell.  The show didn't make that clear at all...
3057	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	Apparently Ramsay is being cast for S3, so I doubt it. They could extend and expand on Theon's state pre-Reek I suppose (Kyra and her keys/the failed escape attempt, etc.); in fact, that could translate pretty well to TV if done properly. The Dreadfort is fucking scary even without the dungeons.
3058	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	Apparently Ramsay is being cast for S3, so I doubt it. They could extend and expand on Theon's state pre-Reek I suppose (Kyra and her keys/the failed escape attempt, etc.); in fact, that could translate pretty well to TV if done properly. The Dreadfort is fucking scary even without the dungeons.He is?  Well, that's a relief.  And you're right, that escape attempt and what follows would be an awesome way to show just how sadistic and crazy Ramsay is.  He needs a good introduction, seeing as they took all of his ACOK stuff away.
3059	Craven Mummer	2012-06-04	I think having Reek disappear for a full season would make for a shocking reveal in S4.
(null)
3060	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-05	they could still work Lady Hornwood into the story.  maybe at some point she'll be locked up in the same room as Theon.
3061	House Balstroko	2012-06-05	I think they will include Theon being tortured by Ramsay next season. Remember the show doesn't exactly follow the cutoff points from the book or else Theon would be absent till we got to book 5. Some scenes from later books will be mingled with the stuff hapenning in ASOS, just like how Jaime and Brienne's scene was this season.
3062	So1ar	2012-06-05	the escape attempt with Kyra(or whoever they want to have) would be pretty awesome on screen and a cool way to introduce our man Ramsay.
3063	Tadco26	2012-06-05	the escape attempt with Kyra(or whoever they want to have) would be pretty awesome on screen and a cool way to introduce our man Ramsay.I agree, but I have a feeling we will get a new and "improved" story line for Theon and Ramsay of the writers own imagination.
3064	victim	2012-06-05	Given the way Theon's Season 2 arc ended, I can't see a way to just leave him and Ramsay out of next season, although this is something I originally wanted them to do.
3065	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-06-05	Have him appear in every other episode or so. That way so you don't take up a ton of time and you still keep up with the character. I don't think Theon does a whole lot besides try to escape before we meet him again. so unless they make stuff up for him to do he doesn't need to be featured a whole lot.
3066	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	HBO probably can't wait to be able to show some good old fashioned torture porn every Sunday night!
3067	Crown	2012-06-05	I assume they're going to do the Lady Hornwood plot.
EDIT: That's her name, right?
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 05 June 2012 - 12:39 PM.
3068	Isabella Stark	2012-06-05	I agree that they could include some of the torture and the escape attempt.
I also think they could put the Lady Hornwood story in Season 3 (or 4).
They could also elaborate on Ramsey's hunting Bran and Rickon. If I remember correctly from ASOS, at some point Bran and the Reeds meet an old man who says something about men looking for two young boys, from which I understood that Ramsey, who knew Bran and Rickon weren't dead, was hunting for them.  It would be a nice way to add some suspense to Bran's travels.  And it could provide an opportunity to introduce the Reeds- they could appear and assist Bran and Co out of a close call with Ramsey (the Reeds explaining they knew Bran needed help and knew where to find him from greendreams, crannogcraft) , which would assure Bran & Co (and the audience) that they're friends.
3069	I'll pay the iron price	2012-06-05	I think they should show the Lady Hornwood plot, its explains Ramsay aquiring more lands and paints a true picture of how despicable he really is!
3070	gogorath	2012-06-05	I assume they're going to do the Lady Hornwood plot.EDIT: That's her name, right?I imagine there will be torture, and the Kyra thing would actually make for a nice season finale.  That said, two seasons of that is too much.  I suppose they could move up some of Dance into Season 4 for the North, right?  Show more of the Lannisters consolidation of power through Roose -- the making of alliance with the Umbers, what's going on with the Manderly's, fake Arya, etc. as they all head to Winterfell.I have no idea if the Hornwood stuff will be included, but they are going to have to make up a bunch of content if they are doing more than checking in.  I actually wish they would just let a character go for a season.
3071	kevinbgwrites	2012-06-05	They moved stuff forward to give NCW scenes in season 2. They are definitely working then into s3/4. How exactly I don't know but especially after the attention his character received in season 2 you can count on it.
3072	Versiroth	2012-06-05	I'd imagine they'll show some of the flaying/torture and maybe even have him trying to escape.   Some of the things that we saw as Theon remembered them in book 4, but didn't see as they actually happened.
3073	Les Berceaux	2012-06-05	HBO probably can't wait to be able to show some good old fashioned torture porn every Sunday night!They can't, which is probably why True Blood starts next week /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'm definitely onboard for some of Theon's early captivity being portrayed in season 3, but I agree that it'd also be in the best interest of the story for us to, maybe in ep 4 or 5, be led to believe he is killed, and then not see him again until the fourth season, where he's been completely transformed into Reek
3074	Gaius Martell	2012-06-05	I have yet to get the opinions of my non-reader watching-buddies (my parents, who are just starting to watch them on HBO On Demand) but I imagine the burned Winterfell is too confusing to leave out Ramsay for long.  As stated elsewhere in the topic, there's a LOT of background story to Theon-Reek which can be made into pretty good television, since they seem to be staunchly against doing flashbacks.  We'll be seeing more Alfie and the tragedy of Theon's fall to Reekdom over the next couple seasons, I imagine.  This is a change I am all for.
3075	King Bread	2012-06-05	Well I think we will see a bit of them in S3, maybe to an (lesser) extent like Jaime this season. They need to show some of Ramsay's cruelty before we get to see what he has finally done to Theon to the point of the ADWD plotline. Him just being mentioned and trolling Theon with the horn blowing isn't enough as introduction.
Like Gaius Martell said they need to make clear what exactly happened at Winterfell. Did the Ironborn burned it down (although Luwin's words can be interpreted that it was Ramsay, but that's a stretch) or Ramsay? Also Theon's men can't just disappear in the black plot hole, so I expect something like a chase scene where Ramsay fetch up to them. Then the usual "hand over Theon and you can go home" and after doing that Ramsay just goes "lawl no" and kills them, similar to Moat Cailin. The escape attempt is also good stuff. I just hope they don't overdo it with the torturing and concentrate more on the scenes which break Theon's spirit.
3076	Ramsay Gimp	2012-06-05	The could show Roose informing Robb that Theon burned Winterfell and killed the boys before he was caught (side note: why does no one in the show know about Bran and Rickon's "deaths" yet??!), while the audience knows this isn't the case since Theon was out cold
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 05 June 2012 - 04:09 PM.
3077	Tadco26	2012-06-05	I agree that they could include some of the torture and the escape attempt.I also think they could put the Lady Hornwood story in Season 3 (or 4).They could also elaborate on Ramsey's hunting Bran and Rickon. If I remember correctly from ASOS, at some point Bran and the Reeds meet an old man who says something about men looking for two young boys, from which I understood that Ramsey, who knew Bran and Rickon weren't dead, was hunting for them.  It would be a nice way to add some suspense to Bran's travels.  And it could provide an opportunity to introduce the Reeds- they could appear and assist Bran and Co out of a close call with Ramsey (the Reeds explaining they knew Bran needed help and knew where to find him from greendreams, crannogcraft) , which would assure Bran & Co (and the audience) that they're friends.Except that Ramsay in the show doesn't know that Bran and Rickon aren't dead unless someone tells him.  Robb and Cat don't even know about their "deaths" yet.Certainly Theon could give the information up under torture, but if he lied initially and they saw the bodies, why would they really suspect he is lieing about that?  Them being alive might actually be favorable for Theon as a prisoner.  Perhaps they have Theon tell Ramsay the truth right away, and Ramsay lies to Robb about their fate in order to try and kill them himself.
3078	Ramsay Gimp	2012-06-05	A great final scene for Theon in season 3 would be
"Now, who do you serve?"
chained to the floor, covered in filth and bleeding, Theon looks up and says "You, my lord. Only you, forever."
"And what's your name?"
It cuts to Theon again, a close up. Scene ends. For this to work they would have to establish "naming" Theon as a big part of Ramsay's torture
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 05 June 2012 - 04:40 PM.
3079	johhny-turbo	2012-06-05	One way they can bring Ramsay into season 3 is to have Bran and Rickon run into him (and the Reeds?), stay with him a little, realize (along with the Reeds) that he's bad news and then head back on their journey. This would also provide a way for the Boltons to learn that the Stark kids aren't actually dead.
There really isn't much in terms of action in Bran's story before he hits Queenscrown so that could provide some stuff.
					
					
							Edited by johhny-turbo, 05 June 2012 - 05:06 PM.
3080	jarl the climber	2012-06-05	The could show Roose informing Robb that Theon burned Winterfell and killed the boys before he was caught (side note: why does no one in the show know about Bran and Rickon's "deaths" yet??!), while the audience knows this isn't the case since Theon was out coldTheon killed all the ravens. Also Osha has been getting food from the kitchens so some of the servants knew they were alive. Theon knew they were alive, his men knew they were alive just not where. Maester Luwin knew until he got killed. Lots of people know they might be alive even after their supposed death becomes known. The chances are Robb will probaly hear conflicting reports about it eventually. Probaly Roose will inform him that his Bastard found out they are dead, but will hear something different from other sources in the North eventually. Personally I always thought Robb had heard it was possible they were alive but kept the information from Catelyn to keep her from getting her hopes up.
3081	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	The problem with Theon and Reek NOT being cut from Season 3 is that he'll just be tortured for 2 or 3 seasons before his story starts to change at all.  I think they need to not show Alfie Allen for Season 3 and maybe even 4.  If they choose to show him it'll be either inventing entirely new material or moving his story from Dance up way early which would mess things up a lot.
3082	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	If done right, Ramsay could easily become the most talked about character for the show. He makes Joffrey look like a cabbage patch kid in comparison. 
It would be awesome if they showed Theon and Kyra trying to escape the Dreadfort with Ramsay and his slathering bitch-hounds hunting them down like animals.
3083	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	The problem with Theon and Reek NOT being cut from Season 3 is that he'll just be tortured for 2 or 3 seasons before his story starts to change at all.  I think they need to not show Alfie Allen for Season 3 and maybe even 4.  If they choose to show him it'll be either inventing entirely new material or moving his story from Dance up way early which would mess things up a lot.I think only a few scenes in the next two seasons would suffice. They can't just drop Allen for two whole years. Plus they've cast Ramsay for a reason.
3084	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	I think only a few scenes in the next two seasons would suffice. They can't just drop Allen for two whole years. Plus they've cast Ramsay for a reason.They've cast Ramsey?  That's news to me. I don't think it would be a good idea to just drop Allen entirely, but that means one of two things.  He'll be seen tortured for 2 or 3 years (Season 3 is the first half of ASoS, Season 4 the second, and then Season 5 will be some kind of combination between Feast and Dance).  It isn't until Dance that we see Theon again, and I don't think that the producers and writers will be okay with having Alfie on the payroll and have him sitting in a cell for two seasons.  They certainly wanted to do more with Jaime when he was supposed to be sitting in a cell for a single season.  I don't mind new material as long as it serves the story and doesn't get stale by seeing Theon in a cell week after week for two years.
3085	The Second Hand	2012-06-05	They haven't cast Ramsay and he isn't even confirmed to be cast. Where do people get these fake confirmations?
3086	Nebmai	2012-06-05	I am getting tired how everyone seems to forget that seasons 3 AND 4 well be covering book 3, from this point on one book no longer equals one season.  D + D have stated in interviews their goal is to adapt GRRM's SERIES not one book or the other.
3087	Frumpus	2012-06-05	I still think they'll cut Ramsay out completely and not have the Theon storyline in S6/7. People keep forgetting that the story is going to keep deviating from the source material with next season, so I would not place my bets on them sticking true to the plots. They have to do some serious cutting, given the ten episode limitation.
3088	StarkBlack21	2012-06-06	There is no way they cut Ramsay. They never would've mentioned Roose has a bastard son at the Dreafort. Also it has been mentioned by numerous people they ARE CASTING RAMSAY for season 3. Even though in the EW article they don't name him by name, Benioff says there are others being cast that aren't on the list.
You think they are going to cast QUEEN OF THORNS (who I love and knew they would cast) and not cast RAMSAY BOLTON, the biggest villain in the series after Jofferey? People need to get over thinking important characters won't be cast. THE BLACKFISH is being cast, so is EDMURE. They cannot do the series properly without having major characters who affect the overall plot of A SONG OF ICE & FIRE in it.
Ramsay is essential for many main characters stories. IE. JON SNOW, THEON, and FAKE ARYA/ ARYA. Ramsay will be cast!
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 06 June 2012 - 12:14 PM.
3089	Lord Godric	2012-06-06	There is no way they cut Ramsay. They never would've mentioned Roose has a bastard son at the Dreafort. Also it has been mentioned by numerous people they ARE CASTING RAMSAY for season 3. Even though in the EW article they don't name him by name, Benioff says there are others being cast that aren't on the list.You think they are going to cast QUEEN OF THORNS (who I love and knew they would cast) and not cast RAMSAY BOLTON, the biggest villain in the series after Jofferey? People need to get over thinking important characters won't be cast. THE BLACKFISH is being cast, so is EDMURE. They cannot do the series properly without having major characters who affect the overall plot of A SONG OF ICE & FIRE in it.Ramsay is essential for many main characters stories. IE. JON SNOW, THEON, and FAKE ARYA/ ARYA. Ramsay will be cast!But Ramsay isn't essential really until Dance. Which for the show could be three or four seasons in the future.  I'm not saying they should cut Ramsay for the immeadiate future, but I could see why they would.
3090	StarkBlack21	2012-06-06	In television they can not have a main character like THEON off screen for 3 years. Production wise it is too much of a risk. What if Alfie gets another TV show? They have to include him like they did Jamie this year. HBO is not paying an actor money to not be seen for 3 years. Also it could be a blow to the series as Alfie has no doubt become one of the most favorite characters and controversial ones in the series.
They will find a way to keep him on screen even if it's just a few scenes each for the next 2 seasons. They will also be combing FEAST & ADWD so he will be returning within 2 years to main character status. They also have to establish how sick and sadistic that RAMSAY is.
Theon has lot of things happen to him off screen they can incorporate. You can see him being tortured. See him making a friend in Kyra. See how they get the balls to try and escape. And right when they audience thinks Theon might be in the clear -- bring down the hammer of Theon getting caught. And his only friend and hope Kyra getting brutally murdered, adding to Theon's psychological damage.
Think about how powerful it will be when Theon in ADWD is faced with an opportunity to rescue Jeyne Poole/Fake Arya, and he remembers back to what happened to Kyra last time he tried to escape Ramsay.
For TV purposes Theon's whole series arc could be one of the most powerful in the whole series.
3091	sennahoj	2012-06-06	I am pretty sure Ramsay will make an appearance in season 3, if only for the reason that Roose Bolton has name-dropped his bastard several times this season.
Here's how I imagine the introduction to go. Theon will have his hood ripped off and meet Ramsay for the first time. They might even make it during the burning of Winterfell, even though they'd need to backtrack a little. I don't know how much torture the writers are going to put into the series, they could just show some of the effects to portray the gradual dismemberment of Theon between several torture sessions.
3092	DragonsHungry	2012-06-06	I agree with what others posted. You can't have a major character disappear, due to the issues like contracts and pay. They have to have an arc for Theon, like as others posted, it will start to get into the Ramsey capture.
I wouldn't be suprised if you start seeing the arc. There is no way Books 4 and 5 can be done as is, you can't pay actors for not appearing, so they are going to have to mix things up.
3093	Lord Godric	2012-06-06	I agree that it is too much of a risk to have Alfie not appear for a few seasons, but I also don't think they'll want to pay Alfie for one or two scenes where he is being tortured for two or three years. It will get stale and there isn't much room for them to add new stuff. Which probably means they'll end up entirely creating new stuff to make this "popular" character appear more often. Hell, they could have Jaime sitting in a cell for a whole season do you really think they'll have Theon in one for two+ seasons?
3094	sennahoj	2012-06-06	They'll have Theon in Ramsay's dungeon being tortured, then trying to escape, being chased by Ramsay and his dogs, maybe bumping into the Stark kids in the process and letting himself be caught again to prevent them from falling into Ramsay's hands. At any rate he will be caught and tortured again, eventually being turned into Reek. If the writers decide to drop early hints of Bolton and the Freys conspiring against the Starks, Theon could be the viewers eyes and ears during the plotting, but unable to do anything about it. And that's just some on-the-spot ideas. I am sure the writers will find ways to make use of a captured Theon so Alfie wouldn't disappear for several seasons.
3095	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	Winter is Coming reports thatA recent casting breakdown for season three indicated that the production is looking for a â<U+0080><U+009C>male 20-30, but weird and extreme looking.â<U+0080><U+009D> Sounds like Ramsay to me!Of course, this is just a rumor, but if the casting breakdown is accurate, I'm pretty sure that part is indeed Ramsay.If I am correct, I could see Ramsay showing up as early as episode 1 of Season 3.  Here's how I envision it:A (recent) flashback of Black Lorren and Dagmar Cleftjaw secretly treating with a creepy looking northman who gives them his sacred word that they can leave Winterfell alive if they turn over Theon Turncloak.  Ramsay even shows them the King in the North's royal writ signed by Robb and Roose.   To Lorren and Dagmar, this is is a no brainer, and they conk Theon over the head as we saw in the finale of Season 2.However Ramsay, being a sadistic liar and pyscho, immediately orders the beating and graphic flaying of the Ironmen (except Theon, whose turn will come much later in the series).  As Dagmer and Lorren et al are screaming and pleading for their life and cursing Ramsay for breaking his word, Ramsy takes off Theon's hood and gives him an uncommonly creepy look and licks his lips or something.  He thanks Theon for capturing Winterfell for him and then orders his men to kill/rape all the reamining Winterfell smallfolk (which will be blamed on the Ironmen, of course) and put everything to the torch. (this proposed plotline means that the writers will have to borrow from A Dance with Dragons, when Ramsay has Reek/Theon capture Moat Cailin by falesly promising the Ironmen they will not be harmed, only to flay all of them once the fort is safely turned over to him)Somehow they make it clear that all this takes place *before* the Luwin/Bran/Rickon/Osha scene we saw at the end of Season 2. This could be accomplished several ways, and if they do it right it will be terrifying and shocking to non-book readers.I think they *can* wait until Season 4 to introduce him, but a lot more fun will be had by all if they introduce him right at the beginning of Season 3.
3096	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-06	How amazing will it be when Roose recounts the story of Domeric and Ramsay. It was one of the only moments reading literature where I got a physical chill and had to stop for a moment. So creepy and twisted...
3097	Nebmai	2012-06-07	There was never really torture "shown" in the books, just a broken Theon and his memories or lack there of.  They could handle it in a similar way in the show.
Also they don't need a flashback to handle the events at the Winterfell sack, just have Roose lie to Robb about how the ironmen didn't betray Theon and instead put Winterfell to the torch before they could be taken; even the most casual of show watcher would know that doesn't make sense.  The rest could be handled with introducing Ramsey and his Reek.  Ugh, I almost don't want to see that on the show it was pretty disturbing to read it was so well written even though yes it was some of the best chapters in book 5; still, I'm gonna say ugh one more time Ramsey is such a sick puppy.
3098	Maia	2012-06-07	Yea, I don't like the idea of Ramsay being cast for season 3 or them inventing stuff to keep Alfie a regular. This would just overload the show, what with tons of new characters that they'd _need_ to introduce, since Jon's and Dany's story-lines are kicking into gear. Not to mention that it is unclear if they ever reach the point where Theon becomes relevant again. And even if they do, he will be so drastically changed, that if Alfie won't be available, they can re-cast Theon.
Judging by who is confirmed to be cast, they'll be expanding Robb's story again, expanding Stannis, giving the court in KL it's due place, fleshing out Bran's story, etc. I really don't see much room for expanding Theon's plot too. This season was already a bit too piece-meal, they shouldn't make it worse, IMHO. Everything viewers need to know about WF and Flayed Men stuff stuff, Roose and the Reeds can tell them.
Yes, Alfie is great, but so were Sean Bean, Harry Lloyd, etc. You get my drift.
3099	SerMilady	2012-07-18	I definitely think they should keep Theon's fate up in the air for as long as possible.... so, just past the RW, if we assume it takes place in 3x07 or 3x08, we hear the real deal from Roose and he presents them with his "piece of prince". Then, in the penultimate episode of the third season or so, we get a look into the Dreadfort dungeons and see.... oh, an old man... no, wait, is that... is that Theon Greyjoy? *door squeals open* etc. etc.
Then have the Kyra situation happen in the season finale.
Before those scenes, we should just be hearing different stories from different characters. Let them confuse the viewers a bit.
					
					
							Edited by SerMilady, 18 July 2012 - 06:55 AM.
3100	teemo	2012-06-04	So what the hell is this about?  What could Varys possibly want from Ros?  Apparently she's a big enough idiot to think he wants her tits, but I guess she's so smart and brilliant that Varys sees something else deep within her.  Apparently, she's some kind of special business guru.  Who knew?  Thoughts?
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 01:10 PM.
3101	teemo	2012-06-04	I guess her finding out he was a eunuch was a great way to get in obligatory boob time.  Plus, she hasn't been naked all season.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 01:33 PM.
3102	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-04	She didn't know he was a eunuch because she didn't know who he was.
I assume Varys wants her to spy on Littlefinger for him.
3103	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Maybe he wants her to distrakt Cersei and Tywin from Shae so he can proof Tyrion he is his friend, or spy on LF, who knows. D&D only want that Ros doing something next seasonOh, and did Ros seriously not know Varys was a eunuch?she didn't know who he was until she notice his lack of a cock
3104	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	The stupid thing here is that Ros did not turn out to be in Varys's employ all along! This would have been a rather interesting twist and would have explained why she was with so many important people in the first season (Tyrion, Theon, Littlefinger, Pycelle).
No idea what Varys wants with Ros now, but it's evident that they are intending to prepare us for some kind of Littlefinger-Varys-bitch-war in season 3. Remember Varys's face when Littlefinger was made Lord of Harrenhal?
I don't have high hopes on that one, since it has much potential to suck completely. They will certainly enhance Varys's role in seasons 3 & 4. Varys has a very low profile in ASoS, so there will be much invented stuff I guess. On the other hand, they will have time enough to give us some of his back story (the cutting), and something about his modus operandi, and possibly his motivations.
And as soon as Littlefinger leaves for the Vale, the chance for direct clash between these two is gone, at least for the near future.
By the way: Has anyone noticed that show Shae is possibly even more Varys's creature than book Shae ever was? Shae's whole suggestion about going to Pentos with Tyrion was an attempt to recruit him to Aegon's/Dany's directly after the battle.
And I'm quite sure that the revelation about Ser Mandon Moore was a lie as well, to convince Tyrion to forsake his family. Given the non-subtle-approaches of the show we can expect some more mischief on that field. I can see Varys opening Tyrion the bedchamber door when he kills Tywin and Shae ;-).
3105	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	This is an invented scene, but I think a very useful one.  One of the themes from the book was the behind the scenes duel between Littlefinger and Varys for power/influence.  Ros, essentially, shows that battle in microcosm.  Varys is trying to steal one of Littlefinger's informants/allies to add her to his own web, and you can see how such machinations would be played out with other "birds" as well.  The scene was a way to draw attention to that ongoing chess match, and I think it worked.
3106	teemo	2012-06-04	I was really hoping she'd get the axe this season.  Joffrey should have done more with that crossbow..
3107	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	What was the point of setting up this arrangement though?  Is Varys going to interfere with LF's plan to take away Sansa?  No.  Is he going to stop LF from marrying Lysa?  No.  What is Varys going to actually do with any info Ros might give him?  Why, plot wise, are they bothering to set this up?
Once LF is in the Vale, Ros will be (even more) useless I think...
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 04 June 2012 - 01:26 PM.
3108	teemo	2012-06-04	What was the point of setting up this arrangement though?  Is Varys going to interfere with LF's plan to take away Sansa?  No.  Is he going to stop LF from marrying Lysa?  No.  What is Varys going to actually do with any info Ros might give him?  Why, plot wise, are they bothering to set this up?Once LF is in the Vale, Ros will be (even more) useless I think...Even if she has to relocate, she'll be the single whore somewhere else, I'm sure.
3109	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	Even if she has to relocate, she'll be the single whore somewhere else, I'm sure.Yeah, but the arrangement is contingent upon her being close to LF.  Do you mean she would relocate with him?Oh gods, I don't even want to imagine what contrived reason the show makers will have to make up to get LF to take her with him to the Vale   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
3110	teemo	2012-06-04	Yeah, but the arrangement is contingent upon her being close to LF.  Do you mean she would relocate with him?Oh gods, I don't even want to imagine what contrived reason the show makers will have to make up to get LF to take her with him to the Vale   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Yeah.  She'll be the Vale's only whore.  I can already see it all coming together now....lovely.
3111	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	I have a feeling he'll send her off to Dany alongside Barristan. She'll be the replacement goldfish for Doreah, and sex Dany up when the time comes for her... experimentation. Maybe.
3112	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	Yeah.  She'll be the Vale's only whore.  I can already see it all coming together now....lovely.Maybe he'll make her Sansa's handmaiden.  From Shae to Ros, trading one whore for another.  What wonderful company they would be keeping Sansa in, lol.
3113	teemo	2012-06-04	I have a feeling he'll send her off to Dany alongside Barristan. She'll be the replacement goldfish for Doreah, and sex Dany up when the time comes for her... experimentation. Maybe.LOL.  Wow.  And I can actually see that happening, that's the sad part.
3114	Pliskin	2012-06-04	I won't be that surprised if she turns up to warm Dany's bed instead of Irri in Season 3.
After that finale... I could believe any stupid change in the future.
3115	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	LOL.  Wow.  And I can actually see that happening, that's the sad part.It's still less terrible than her becoming Jeyne Poole. I actually can't think of any other major whores or characters suitable for pointless sexposition in Storm or Feast aside from... well, Shae. Keeping Ros around for some "original" plot feels more like Dave and Dan rewarding their pet favourite for her good "service."
3116	JanusLaurent	2012-06-04	I have a feeling he'll send her off to Dany alongside Barristan. She'll be the replacement goldfish for Doreah, and sex Dany up when the time comes for her... experimentation. Maybe.*pukes uncontrollably*
3117	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	The added Varys/LF roles are giving me more insight into their motivations. LF's obviously only motivated by his own selfishness while Varys is motivated by doing what's best for the realm.
3118	Thunderfist	2012-06-04	Why would Varys even need someone to spy on Littlefinger? You just have to make sure that you stand within 25 meters of LF every now and then and you will hear him speak openly about his plans to rescue Sansa, hear him make threats against Cersei, or discuss his gameplan with 2 random prostitutes while they are going at it in bed
3119	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	I have a feeling he'll send her off to Dany alongside Barristan. She'll be the replacement goldfish for Doreah, and sex Dany up when the time comes for her... experimentation. Maybe.Oh no, please no...
3120	Syrio Lives	2012-06-04	Varys collects information and for that he needs informantnts. Littlefinger is a competitor. Roz seems no bright light, but she can be of service to both LF & Varys. Ser Wun Wun (nice name choice) is right, I believe Roz is headed to the Vale. It's easier to keep her than add a new character who can pass LG's secrets to Varys. The whole Vale story might need some  tightening. But Varys needs some more screentime.
3121	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	ummm LF's whole plot in ASOS is getting Sansa out of KL, he leaves KL shortly after the beginning the story.
Now it is established Varys will know all of LF's plans
THen how come Varys didnt know about Sansa's escape.  Varys knowing where Sansa after leaving KL should change stuff.
3122	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-04	I believe that Varys DOES know where Sansa is in the books. If he has birds in such far flung places as Winterfell and Sunspear, why not the Eyrie?
3123	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	hmmm hadnt thought about that, I thought he told tyrion he didnt know where she is, but in retrospect he could certainly have been lying
3124	Sxxman	2012-06-04	Is this a sarcastic thread.... it's obvious that Varys wants her to spy on LF.
3125	HalfAGroat	2012-06-04	Would it be too cruel to introduce the audience to Ramsey's favorite pastime with Ros as the game?
3126	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	I wonder if Dungeons & Dragons understand readers don't like their pet Ros?  Thought she was fine in season 1, especially with that body, but now I'm sick of her.  They are really running out of shit for her to do, as in the books all that's left are Shae and ... I think that's it.  
Also I didn't care for the pointless crotch grab.  Ros was apparently privy to LF's spycraft, and was his point whore for scouting.  And yet she knew nothing about the obvious fat bald man that everyone calls the Spider/Eunuch.  It's not like that's secret knowledge.  Everyone in KL should be able to point him out.  Plus that's LF's main rival.
3127	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Also I didn't care for the pointless crotch grab.  Ros was apparently privy to LF's spycraft, and was his point whore for scouting.  And yet she knew nothing about the obvious fat bald man that everyone calls the Spider/Eunuch.  It's not like that's secret knowledge.  Everyone in KL should be able to point him out.  Plus that's LF's main rival.It must be remembered that Varys does splendid cosplays that even Ned couldn't recognize him while staring at his face. If Varys was walking around KL, I doubt anyone would have even given him a second glance. He's that good.
3128	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-05	Pointless scene for a pointless character.
3129	The Knight of Flours	2012-06-05	Yeah.  She'll be the Vale's only whore.  I can already see it all coming together now....lovely.If she goes to the Vale, hopefully someone gifts her to Sweetrobin and he makes her fly..
3130	Ghost714	2012-06-05	I have a feeling he'll send her off to Dany alongside Barristan. She'll be the replacement goldfish for Doreah, and sex Dany up when the time comes for her... experimentation. Maybe.Gods that may be the only thing to make me NOT want to see a lesbian sex scene with Dany. I was destroyed when all Dany's handmaids got killed off, because I figured we would lose those "few horny lonely nights", that Dany has in the books... But not this way, they can still make them happen by all means, but not that way, any way but that way. I was really hoping/thinking that, that's why the show did not kill off Doreah in the Red Waste. I was like, "ok Roxanne McKee will be the one to have these hot lesbian scenes with Emilia Clarke, now we are talking!!!". Doreah/Roxanne McKee is way hotter than Irri/Amrita Acharia IMO, so I was very excited for this. But no, the show doesn't think Dany needs any hot handmaids, they thought it was better to give one a pointless death, and to make the other a dumb turncloak whore. D&D have so many folly's to answer for this season.... There was such potential with Dany and Doreah, such potential. Emilia Clarke and Roxanne McKee are arguably the two hottest girls on the show, and D&D had to go and make a mummers farce of it... That could have been one of the actual "good changes" D&D have done, gods know there are few enough of them, and they went and screwed it all to hell. So they better not have made Doreah a turncloak of a whore, just so their precious Ros can become Dany's new handmaid/whore. Ok my nerd rage is over...for now.
3131	Clariana	2012-06-05	Wasn't Ros painting on a black eye when Varys came in? So the scene where she was presented by Cersei to Tyrion was, to an extent, a charade. She works for the Lannisters and LF... Might give her more to spill.
3132	Ghost714	2012-06-05	Wasn't Ros painting on a black eye when Varys came in? So the scene where she was presented by Cersei to Tyrion was, to an extent, a charade. She works for the Lannisters and LF... Might give her more to spill.I am pretty sure she was covering up the black eye, not painting one on, presumably the one she got when Cersei had her.
3133	RoamingRonin	2012-06-05	Looking back, Ros betraying Littlefinger has been in the works all season. Littiefinger has been oddly cruel to her since she witnessed Barra's death. I don't know what it will amount to but does seem to have been well thought out...
3134	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	I have a feeling he'll send her off to Dany alongside Barristan. She'll be the replacement goldfish for Doreah, and sex Dany up when the time comes for her... experimentation. Maybe.Varys will send her off?  That wouldn't really work - since it appears Varys plan is to have a spy close in to LFs leadership decisions.  It does make sense to have Varys want to have spies in LF's people, but (and yes, the show is not the books and could be completely different) if LF follows what he did in the books...Ros isn't really a spy in LF but is in charge when he is gone.  Does Varys want to expand his business opportunities?
3135	WolveseatDragons	2012-06-05	They clearly have some other "filler" roles for Ros and the scene itself was fine.  Personally I am hoping she dies in some gruesome way next season.
One small note btw.  I really didn't care for the "crotch grab".  First off, it was just too predictable.  Second, it made Roz into an idiot to not be able to figure out who Varys is until she noticed he didn't have any junk.  Finally and most importantly though in the books we never have any real evidence of Varys ACTUALLY being a eunich.  Of course the assumption always has been that he is, including the detailed story he tells later of being "cut", but I have always liked the mystery of Varys as a mummer and wondering how far it goes.  
Varys is one of the most interesting characters in both the books and show and he is so interesting because he is so mysterious.  Personally I always hoped he actually wasn't a eunich because it would be such a mindblower.  I personally think he has some type of Blackfyre connection but I'm not sure what it is.  Mainly though I just didn't like how that mystery was just silenced for no other reason than a cheap gimmick in the show that actually only made Roz less interesting.
3136	WolveseatDragons	2012-06-05	BTW, I think Roz stays in KL and runs all of LF's business there while he is in the Vale.  That would allow for her to be an information source (having half the whores in KL working for her and communicating with LF) and lend some ability to fill in gaps.  For instance I could see Varys talking to Roz about history and how things came to be as well since he will soon not really have anyone to talk to (no one on the Small Council trusts him or likes him and Tyrion is personna non grata).  Of course he will have his "official" chats but once LF goes to the Vale then Varys needs someone to talk about what he really thinks.
I suppose it is also possible that LF sends her to the Vale with him to be Sansa's new handmaid/companion though but that would be awfully dull.  One of the best parts of Sansa going with LF is she has no one she can trust except LF (which she doesn't really trust) and she becomes stronger through that adversity.
3137	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-05	Though Ros' tits are pretty spectacular, I kind of grew tired of them as well, and thought she was getting way too much screentime.  But I think they actually   have a good reason for that.
There is sort of an unseen duel between Varys and Littlfinger the entire series, and much of that revolves around their competing networks of spies/informants/catspaws.  While the "unseen" part of it works well in a book, I think it loses something when it is brought to the screen.  Ros amounts to a symbol, an illustration, of that duel.  It's a visual way of letting viewers know not to forget that apart from all the killings and open conflict, there is a bunch of unseen conflict hidden beneath the surface.  Varys prying Ros away from Littlefinger's network makes that point very clear.  If Ros goes to the Eyrie as well, then it will also be a way to show how Varys continues to be informed. Or, as was pointed out above, it may show how LIttlefinger's power base begins to slip when he goes to the Eyrie.
Anyway, that's how I see it.  Like I said, until that scene, I was pretty sick of Ros.  Now, she has a legitimate plot purpose that strengthens one of the more difficult aspects of trying to bring the novels to the screen.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 05 June 2012 - 10:10 AM.
3138	RoamingRonin	2012-06-05	They clearly have some other "filler" roles for Ros and the scene itself was fine.  Personally I am hoping she dies in some gruesome way next season.One small note btw.  I really didn't care for the "crotch grab".  First off, it was just too predictable.  Second, it made Roz into an idiot to not be able to figure out who Varys is until she noticed he didn't have any junk.  Finally and most importantly though in the books we never have any real evidence of Varys ACTUALLY being a eunich.  Of course the assumption always has been that he is, including the detailed story he tells later of being "cut", but I have always liked the mystery of Varys as a mummer and wondering how far it goes.  Varys is one of the most interesting characters in both the books and show and he is so interesting because he is so mysterious.  Personally I always hoped he actually wasn't a eunich because it would be such a mindblower.  I personally think he has some type of Blackfyre connection but I'm not sure what it is.  Mainly though I just didn't like how that mystery was just silenced for no other reason than a cheap gimmick in the show that actually only made Roz less interesting.If Varys isn't a eunuch, he would probably keep his member tucked and taped down. I didn't like the crotch grab either but it's not likely he wouldn't prepare for such an intrusion...
3139	Lord Varys	2012-06-05	They set up some kind of Littlefinger-Varys-duel for the next season (remember, Varys's face when Littlefinger is made Lord of Harrenhal). Since Littlefinger is going to the Vale in the near future (and Varys will go underground in the end of season 4), they'll have to give the audience some kind of resolution to this thing. I guess a good part of the invented KL scenes will deal with that story. The book itself gives us only the beginning of the Tyrell scheme, and Sansa's and Tyrion's wedding. Since it would be completely fuck things up for season 4 to put the Purple Wedding into season 3, I guess we get some additional schemes before the kings are murdered...
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 05 June 2012 - 10:22 AM.
3140	So1ar	2012-06-05	If Varys isn't a eunuch, he would probably keep his member tucked and taped down. I didn't like the crotch grab either but it's not likely he wouldn't prepare for such an intrusion...ummm maybe I don't know what a eunuch is..but I thought it meant their balls were cut off but their dick was still intact. so why do people think varys is cockless?
3141	gougef	2012-06-05	ummm maybe I don't know what a eunuch is..but I thought it meant their balls were cut off but their dick was still intact. so why do people think varys is cockless?"Root AND stem", says Varys. Eunuchs can be either way although the harem girls like the ones that are only gelded.
3142	So1ar	2012-06-05	"Root AND stem", says Varys. Eunuchs can be either way although the harem girls like the ones that are only gelded.Oh it was Root and stem? Ouch.
3143	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-05	"Root AND stem", says Varys. Eunuchs can be either way although the harem girls like the ones that are only gelded.I don't think you're remembering that correctly. The Unsullied are root and stem, not Varys.
3144	congokong	2012-06-05	It's clear that this is a setup for Ros' plot in the next season. Sadly, they're keeping her around...
But no, it makes no sense from a logical standpoint. This show struggles with logic though.
3145	Ghost714	2012-06-05	It's clear that this is a setup for Ros' plot in the next season. Sadly, they're keeping her around...But no, it makes no sense from a logical standpoint. This show struggles with logic though.They should have Cersei kill Ros, it would be a two birds one stone type of thing. We get to see Cersei actually do something bad, instead of having Joffrey do it, and we get rid of pointless made up character. It's a win win, IMO.
3146	sumpthy	2012-06-05	What if Ros is Ramsay? She's from the North.
3147	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	I don't think you're remembering that correctly. The Unsullied are root and stem, not Varys.no varys watched his manhood get burned by the sorcerer
3148	jarl the climber	2012-06-05	Can't a poor working girl get some love or even a break?
3149	Ghost714	2012-06-05	Can't a poor working girl get some love or even a break?Not when she is a made up poor working girl. And Varys "manhood" was cut and sacrificed. So I know for sure in lthe books he doesn't have a dick, I am not sure if he has any stones in the books or not. In the show though, I am sure he has neither "root, nor "stem". I want to say it that way in the books to.
3150	Hear Katy Roar	2012-06-05	Yeah, but the arrangement is contingent upon her being close to LF.  Do you mean she would relocate with him?Oh gods, I don't even want to imagine what contrived reason the show makers will have to make up to get LF to take her with him to the Vale   /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Varys collects information and for that he needs informantnts. Littlefinger is a competitor. Roz seems no bright light, but she can be of service to both LF & Varys. Ser Wun Wun (nice name choice) is right, I believe Roz is headed to the Vale. It's easier to keep her than add a new character who can pass LG's secrets to Varys. The whole Vale story might need some  tightening. But Varys needs some more screentime.I would go so far as to say that of many possibilities this is the one that I would bet on.  I read the books and I like the idea of Ros' role on TV. I'm not sold on the actress yet, but she's all right.
					
					
							Edited by Scott Perrrell, 05 June 2012 - 08:27 PM.
3151	Hear Us Roar	2012-06-05	To set up something with LF later on
3152	Nebmai	2012-06-05	Hi, remember that Varys is a spy master mmmmk?
/thread
3153	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-06	So the Lannisters just let Ros go back to the brothel? No scourging like Alayaya had at Tywin's decree? I thought of that as yet another big kick in the junk that Tyrion had to suffer, on top of losing the Handship and the utter lack of gratitude on everyone's part that he did so much to save the city.
And how could Ros not know who Varys was (pre-crotch grab)? He's always wearing the same gold brocade wrap.
3154	Stubby	2012-06-06	[MOD]
The topic for this thread is speculation on the motivations for any arrangement between Varys and Ros.
The topic is NOT Ros' physical characteristics.
Please stay on topic.
[/MOD]
3155	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-06-06	Remember Varys's face when Littlefinger was made Lord of Harrenhal?Loved that shot!  And they held it relatively long.
3156	Zappotack	2012-06-06	What's just as big a question is why did Cersei let Ros go?
She thought she had Tyrion cornered with her capture...
Also was the black eye she was cleaning up from Joff or Cerseis men.
3157	TheKingofSkagos	2012-06-07	Roxanne and Emila are the two hottest chicks on the show in my opinion with Lena third.  Too bad they killed Doreah off.Gods that may be the only thing to make me NOT want to see a lesbian sex scene with Dany. I was destroyed when all Dany's handmaids got killed off, because I figured we would lose those "few horny lonely nights", that Dany has in the books... But not this way, they can still make them happen by all means, but not that way, any way but that way.I was really hoping/thinking that, that's why the show did not kill off Doreah in the Red Waste. I was like, "ok Roxanne McKee will be the one to have these hot lesbian scenes with Emilia Clarke, now we are talking!!!". Doreah/Roxanne McKee is way hotter than Irri/Amrita Acharia IMO, so I was very excited for this. But no, the show doesn't think Dany needs any hot handmaids, they thought it was better to give one a pointless death, and to make the other a dumb turncloak whore. D&D have so many folly's to answer for this season.... There was such potential with Dany and Doreah, such potential. Emilia Clarke and Roxanne McKee are arguably the two hottest girls on the show, and D&D had to go and make a mummers farce of it... That could have been one of the actual "good changes" D&D have done, gods know there are few enough of them, and they went and screwed it all to hell.So they better not have made Doreah a turncloak of a whore, just so their precious Ros can become Dany's new handmaid/whore.Ok my nerd rage is over...for now.
3158	The Mother of Dragons	2012-06-08	Dany + Ros = /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
3159	Mulled Wino	2012-06-08	Maybe Ros will turn out to be a FM and she can be Jeyne Poole then she can go back to back experimentation scenes with Dany and Cersei.  
Then she can turn into Fat Lady Walda and marry Roose.  Talk about the best spy ever.
3160	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	Loved that shot!  And they held it relatively long.which of course begs the question why this caught varys offguard!he sits on th small council, he is the master of whispers yet he did not know LF was to receive harrenhall?????????
3161	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	and what did LF do to deserve Harrenhall?
he supposedly brought Tyrell and Lannister together
oops he was with RENLY when Renly was a usurper along with the Tyrells, he was on his way to Tywin Lannister when Renly died and the Tyrells went back to Joffrey
What exactly did he do again?
3162	Dragon greyscale	2012-06-09	Something occurred to me the other day with regards to Shae, and this might tie in with Ros' expanded role in S3. Don't you guys feel tv Shae seems much more genuinely affectionate towards Tyrion than book Shae? It made me wonder how the producers are going to be able to justify Tyrion killing her. In the books, she's a heartless golddigger who sleeps with whatever Lannister is in charge. That revelation justifies her death. With the 'real' love in the show,  I honestly think the showrunners are taking a different route now: 
Varys sends Ros to Tywin's bed much like Dany sent Doreah to XXD's bed; to gather information. Meanwhile Tywin condemns Tyrion for sleeping with a whore and he bans Shae from KL. Tyrion finds Tywin with Ros and is obviously furious because his father sent away his one true love AND he's a hypocrite. So Ros is the collateral damage instead of Shae? 
Result: love relationship between Shae and Tyrion is intact, Tywin is still killed by Tyrion and Ros gets the fate that many here seem to wish for her (I personally find this sentiment a bit hyperbolic but whatever).
3163	protar	2012-06-10	I'm kind of torn. On the one hand I do feel we need to see the rivalry between Varys and LF in S3, especially with the material in KL being rather sparse in the first half of SOS. Ros is likely going to help in this role. However I would question the existence of a character who's narrative purpose only becomes apparent after two seasons. Looking at the character screen times (thank you HK47) Ros has had roughly 15 minutes of screen time this season, and we can assume she's had a similar amount last season (perhaps a bit more.). This might not seem like much, but there is so much they could've told in that extra half an hour. So it's good that she's getting story that could potentially stay true to the spirit of the books, but I would question her overall existence.
3164	tomabin	2012-06-11	I've a feeling Ros will have something to do with the:
	Spoiler purple wedding
.
					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 11 June 2012 - 10:36 PM.
							
								MOD Edit: Spoiler Tags added.  Not everyone uses the same skin, so coloured text does not work as a spoiler for all.
3165	Castel	2012-06-11	I'm kind of torn. On the one hand I do feel we need to see the rivalry between Varys and LF in S3, especially with the material in KL being rather sparse in the first half of SOS. Ros is likely going to help in this role. However I would question the existence of a character who's narrative purpose only becomes apparent after two seasons. Looking at the character screen times (thank you HK47) Ros has had roughly 15 minutes of screen time this season, and we can assume she's had a similar amount last season (perhaps a bit more.). This might not seem like much, but there is so much they could've told in that extra half an hour. So it's good that she's getting story that could potentially stay true to the spirit of the books, but I would question her overall existence.To be honest I think a lot of the fan community has jumped on Ros's "ascension" even though it's far more tenuous that say, Sansa's. Varys simply doesn't strike me as the type to have partners. I guess it's interesting that she now has a purpose, but she has honestly been completely worthless throughout the show's run, even if I think her "purpose" is to validate her existence. But to be fair, Varys and LF's rivalry in the first season was something added- or at least expanded- to the show that I liked and perhaps Ros will now be useful there.
3166	teemo	2012-06-11	Yeah, I agree that Varys doesn't seem like the type to need a "partner," especially Ros.  He has plenty of little birds that are trained for a very specific purpose, and his partner is Illyrio.  Why would he want to risk getting into some kind of partnership with some random whore?  Sure, she's upset with LF and all, but Varys deals with some very....secretive stuff.  I'm not sure he'd entrust anything to Ros.  It seems sort of beneath him.Something occurred to me the other day with regards to Shae, and this might tie in with Ros' expanded role in S3. Don't you guys feel tv Shae seems much more genuinely affectionate towards Tyrion than book Shae? It made me wonder how the producers are going to be able to justify Tyrion killing her. In the books, she's a heartless golddigger who sleeps with whatever Lannister is in charge. That revelation justifies her death. With the 'real' love in the show,  I honestly think the showrunners are taking a different route now:Varys sends Ros to Tywin's bed much like Dany sent Doreah to XXD's bed; to gather information. Meanwhile Tywin condemns Tyrion for sleeping with a whore and he bans Shae from KL. Tyrion finds Tywin with Ros and is obviously furious because his father sent away his one true love AND he's a hypocrite. So Ros is the collateral damage instead of Shae?Result: love relationship between Shae and Tyrion is intact, Tywin is still killed by Tyrion and Ros gets the fate that many here seem to wish for her (I personally find this sentiment a bit hyperbolic but whatever).omg, no. please no.  I can't take another X amount of seasons of Shae.  Plus, that is way too big of a plot deviation.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 11 June 2012 - 12:10 PM.
3167	Raksha the Demon	2012-06-13	Though Ros' tits are pretty spectacular, I kind of grew tired of them as well, and thought she was getting way too much screentime.  But I think they actually   have a good reason for that.There is sort of an unseen duel between Varys and Littlfinger the entire series, and much of that revolves around their competing networks of spies/informants/catspaws.  While the "unseen" part of it works well in a book, I think it loses something when it is brought to the screen.  Ros amounts to a symbol, an illustration, of that duel.  It's a visual way of letting viewers know not to forget that apart from all the killings and open conflict, there is a bunch of unseen conflict hidden beneath the surface.  Varys prying Ros away from Littlefinger's network makes that point very clear.  If Ros goes to the Eyrie as well, then it will also be a way to show how Varys continues to be informed. Or, as was pointed out above, it may show how LIttlefinger's power base begins to slip when he goes to the Eyrie.Anyway, that's how I see it.  Like I said, until that scene, I was pretty sick of Ros.  Now, she has a legitimate plot purpose that strengthens one of the more difficult aspects of trying to bring the novels to the screen.I can only hope that with a legitimate plot purpose, Ros will keep her clothes on next season.  But I'm probably being over-optimistic.The main reason Ros annoys me is that there are only so many minutes of screen time they can allocate to the zillions of characters in the books (most of whom, including Chataya and Alayaya, are more interesting than Ros), and Ros, who is not even a book character, is stealing time they could have given to Jeyne Poole (who has an important role in future seasons in the arcs of the Boltons and Theon) or Sandor (who was marginalized in the show, some of his best lines, including his own story, given to Littlefinger) or even Patchface and Shireen and Damphair, etc.I can only hope that Ros won't be accompanying Sansa to the Vale.  Maybe she'll already be there as Lysa's maid and a double agent for Varys.
3168	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-13	I don't think Varys is using the word "partner" in anything approaching a sense of equality, so I wouldn't get hung up on that particular word.  He's not turning over his network of little birds, or all his secrets.  He simply means that he's going to have a relationship with Ros where they both actually get something out of it, whereas LF seemed to motivate her mostly by threats.
3169	Mulled Wino	2012-06-13	and what did LF do to deserve Harrenhall?he supposedly brought Tyrell and Lannister togetheroops he was with RENLY when Renly was a usurper along with the Tyrells, he was on his way to Tywin Lannister when Renly died and the Tyrells went back to JoffreyWhat exactly did he do again?I thought he was there when Renly died.  He fled from Stannis after renly died.  Im not totally 100% on that though.
3170	Izzbot	2012-06-13	I always felt that this scene was filmed to happen before the Tyrion/Ros/Cersei scene, but due to time-constraints they had to move it to the finale.
3171	wolverine	2012-06-13	Something occurred to me the other day with regards to Shae, and this might tie in with Ros' expanded role in S3. Don't you guys feel tv Shae seems much more genuinely affectionate towards Tyrion than book Shae? It made me wonder how the producers are going to be able to justify Tyrion killing her. In the books, she's a heartless golddigger who sleeps with whatever Lannister is in charge. That revelation justifies her death. With the 'real' love in the show,  I honestly think the showrunners are taking a different route now:Varys sends Ros to Tywin's bed much like Dany sent Doreah to XXD's bed; to gather information. Meanwhile Tywin condemns Tyrion for sleeping with a whore and he bans Shae from KL. Tyrion finds Tywin with Ros and is obviously furious because his father sent away his one true love AND he's a hypocrite. So Ros is the collateral damage instead of Shae?Result: love relationship between Shae and Tyrion is intact, Tywin is still killed by Tyrion and Ros gets the fate that many here seem to wish for her (I personally find this sentiment a bit hyperbolic but whatever).No, I don't.  It seemed like in the book she genuinely liked Tyrion.  When he met her she was a whore and seemed happy to be one.  She would do whatever he wanted for money.  For Tyrion's character development I feel it needs to be Shae betraying him with his father.  But that does not mean they will go that direction.  Their pet Tyrion, whom I feel is way more loveable on the show, will probably not be well received if he chokes Shae to death.  The show actually seems to make the characters less gray and more black or white.I am also one who feels Tyrion being very ugly is important to his character, rather than a pretty good looking guy like Dinklage.
3172	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-14	No, I don't.  It seemed like in the book she genuinely liked Tyrion.  When he met her she was a whore and seemed happy to be one.  She would do whatever he wanted for money.  For Tyrion's character development I feel it needs to be Shae betraying him with his father.  But that does not mean they will go that direction.  Their pet Tyrion, whom I feel is way more loveable on the show, will probably not be well received if he chokes Shae to death.  The show actually seems to make the characters less gray and more black or white.I am also one who feels Tyrion being very ugly is important to his character, rather than a pretty good looking guy like Dinklage.GRRM mentions in one of his interviews that the book Tyrion is quite different than film Tyrion. As you mention, he's a relatively attractive midget in the film. In the books he's really more of a deformed man with crippled legs. He's got very strong arms and chest and a very large head, mounted on terribly short and crooked legs. And of course he's relatively ugly with mismatched eyes and eventually no nose.  His deformity seems borderline supernatural in the books. I understand why that's not making it into the film though.I don't like this version of Shae at all. She's relatively unattractive and she challenges Tyrion all the time rather than sucking up to him constantly. It's a very different angle they are going with.
3173	SelaBela	2012-06-14	If I'm remembering correctly, Shae doesn't suck up to him, she whines and wants jewels and clothes etc and he slaps her out of annoyance.Dunno what your opinion of the actress's appearance has to do with anything, as it has nothing to do with her personality.  But from what I've seen on here lately, lots of opinions of people's personalities are influenced by their looks which is really just fucking sad.ETA: What I meant was, opinions of female characters personalities are influenced by their looks.  Which is still sad.
					
					
							Edited by SelaBela, 14 June 2012 - 11:25 AM.
3174	ChromeWeasel	2012-06-14	If I'm remembering correctly, Shae doesn't suck up to him, she whines and wants jewels and clothes etc and he slaps her out of annoyance.Dunno what your opinion of the actress's appearance has to do with anything, as it has nothing to do with her personality.  But from what I've seen on here lately, lots of opinions of people's personalities are influenced by their looks which is really just fucking sad.ETA: What I meant was, opinions of female characters personalities are influenced by their looks.  Which is still sad.Shae in the books was described as very, very attractive. Shae in the story is not. Her personality is also very different. Those are two differnt things but they are both differences from the books.
3175	Dragon greyscale	2012-06-14	omg, no. please no.  I can't take another X amount of seasons of Shae.  Plus, that is way too big of a plot deviation.Well, Ros isn't in the books so I assume we can expect some deviations anyway /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Maybe I went a bit overboard but I still expect Shae's story to unfold differently, especially after the final ep. in which Shae basically tells Tyrion they should leave KL together and he should forget about his obligations of being a Lannister. THAT woman would voluntarily sleep with the Lannister patriarch? Just doesn't seem plausible.
3176	Morrigan	2012-06-14	I don't think you're remembering that correctly. The Unsullied are root and stem, not Varys.No, Varys is referred to as a "cockless wonder" at some point.
3177	Net-Viper X	2012-06-18	Varys is definately Root and Stem in the show, not only did it make that clear in the Ros scene, but the whole discussion with Shittlefinger about "do you lay awake at night fearing my gash?" also made it pretty clear he was meant to be "smooth shaved" down stairs.
In the books I'm not so sure and actually lean towards him not being cut at all, since at one point he is described as having rough stubble on his face, and that would be impossible if he had been castrated as a child and never had puberty. He wouldn't have a deep voice either if cut as a child, he would still have a childs voice.
3178	Demonblade	2012-07-17	Something occurred to me the other day with regards to Shae, and this might tie in with Ros' expanded role in S3. Don't you guys feel tv Shae seems much more genuinely affectionate towards Tyrion than book Shae? It made me wonder how the producers are going to be able to justify Tyrion killing her. In the books, she's a heartless golddigger who sleeps with whatever Lannister is in charge. That revelation justifies her death. With the 'real' love in the show,  I honestly think the showrunners are taking a different route now:Varys sends Ros to Tywin's bed much like Dany sent Doreah to XXD's bed; to gather information. Meanwhile Tywin condemns Tyrion for sleeping with a whore and he bans Shae from KL. Tyrion finds Tywin with Ros and is obviously furious because his father sent away his one true love AND he's a hypocrite. So Ros is the collateral damage instead of Shae?Result: love relationship between Shae and Tyrion is intact, Tywin is still killed by Tyrion and Ros gets the fate that many here seem to wish for her (I personally find this sentiment a bit hyperbolic but whatever).Well first let me say that I really don't understand the widely-held disdain for Roz.  She is the physical representation of the political intrigue and corruption underlying everthing else going on, something which could easily get pushed aside in the minds of those who haven't read the books.  She could generously be described as the simplification of several minor characters to as to make the plot easier to digest, but admittedly we could also disregard her as a mere HBO prop devise, as it wouldn't be an HBO show if there weren't at least a great pair of tits in the episode, it seems.  But even as a plot devise she serves a purpose because when one sees her and her fabulous breasts, she is associated with something else you should need to know.  I quite like her, because I can't imagine the alternatives in explaining some of the shit that gets shown when she's on screen, and what else would have to get cut in order to make up for the lost screen time.As to her expanded role, after a recent rewatch I started to think that maybe Roz could be the book-Shae who betrays him at trial, and as a final insult, Tyrion is betrayed by his so-called love in TV-Shae, and ultimately kills her.  Because Roz isn't just the merging of Chataya and Alayaya, but, for me at least, she looks like how I imagined book-Shae to be, and behaves like her in some ways, too.  Say what you will about Roz as a character and her relevance to the whole picture, but one thing that you have to give her is that she really seems to like her job as a whore, just like book-Shae.  Her appearance in Tyrion's trial could be a means to divy up the whore betrayal, so to speak.  Because when you think about it, book-Tyrion really was in love with book-Shae, and didn't need the whole "AAAND YOU ARE FUCKING MY DAD?!  WTF?"-moment as the final tipping point, imo.No, I don't.  It seemed like in the book she genuinely liked Tyrion.  When he met her she was a whore and seemed happy to be one.  She would do whatever he wanted for money.  For Tyrion's character development I feel it needs to be Shae betraying him with his father.  But that does not mean they will go that direction.  Their pet Tyrion, whom I feel is way more loveable on the show, will probably not be well received if he chokes Shae to death.  The show actually seems to make the characters less gray and more black or white.Well taking Tyrion down a darker path is inevitable, regardless of what HBO feels about him.  But it still could be her that Tyrion kills, because if she is shown to apparently have some genuine feelings for Tyrion, well, crimes of passion happen all of the time, leaving enough betrayal to heap on Tyrion elsewhere, like Roz.  There are few things as black and white in storytelling than crimes of passion.  Having Roz as Tyrion's trial whore-betrayer serves an added purpose to illustrate that there are more schemes at play in Tyrion's trial than Cersei's.Well, Ros isn't in the books so I assume we can expect some deviations anyway /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Maybe I went a bit overboard but I still expect Shae's story to unfold differently, especially after the final ep. in which Shae basically tells Tyrion they should leave KL together and he should forget about his obligations of being a Lannister. THAT woman would voluntarily sleep with the Lannister patriarch? Just doesn't seem plausible.If she is entirely truthful in that exchange, you mean, but I agree, that last scene makes it seem somewhat implausible that TV-Shae would sleep with Tywin.  But that could be the point, in making us believe that she really did love Tyrion, something that even Tyrion didn't really believe in the books, IIRC.
					
					
							Edited by Demonblade, 17 July 2012 - 07:09 PM.
3179	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	When XXD and Pyat killed the 11, did they also kill every single one of their family members, friends and close associates since the the killing doesnÂ´t seem to have any consequenses at all in Quarth. One would expect that the 11 that were killed had great wealth and that at least some of them had armed forces at their disposal, so why is there no civil war, or any sort of armed conflict? XXD had no money and apparently no armed forces or guards at all, since Dany and her crew sacked his home with 10 people and 3 hamster-sized dragons. And Pyatt Pree was only one guy since there seems to be no other warlocks or any undying. Are we to assume that Pyatt Pree multiplied himself into about 10000 copies and killed every single person in Quarth that might have been a threat to his and XXDÂ´s plans and thatÂ´s the reason why the killing of the 11 seems to have generated zero response from anyone?
3180	Ran	2012-06-06	They retained the insubstantial qualities of Qarth from the novel without realizing that the political business intruded with realism that the setting could not sustain without much context being added.
I have pretty much seen no one giving Xaro or Doreah much thought at all, except for some random person on a random forum who wondered if you'd be too terrified to have sex in that situation, or if you'd have sex with Doreah until you starved to death.... 
It was really, really completely pointless the way it ended. Presumably we'll start in Qarth in the new season and perhaps they'll actually give some contextual fallout from what happened. Though, really, you'd think the Qartheen would hail Dany as a liberator and would be happy to see her off with some gifts...
3181	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-06	Maybe way off in the future when Dany is occupying Meereen or something we'll hear one of her advisors/emissaries say something along the lines of "when you left Qarth, the place descended into civil war."
Also, I think Xaro and Doreah would suffocate before they starved to death. May as well have one more roll in the, uh, vault. Roxanne McKee is pretty hot...
3182	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-06	I thought it was interesting how previously Dany had scolded her men for trying to steal from xxd.. and now she's just flat out embracing it.  In a way I think this is a way of showing Dany embracing her Dothraki side, especially after seeing Drogo in the Undying house.
I think the main thing we're supposed to get from the whole qarth debacle is that Dany is pretty much on her own and can't trust anyone at all.  I'll be surprised if we see much more of Qarth anytime soon.
3183	Reposado	2012-06-06	It was really, really completely pointless the way it ended. Presumably we'll start in Qarth in the new season and perhaps they'll actually give some contextual fallout from what happened.I feel like this is something they will gloss over. if they had thought out a deeper context to Qarth political doings, we would have seen them already.
3184	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-06	I have pretty much seen no one giving Xaro or Doreah much thought at all, except for some random person on a random forum who wondered if you'd be too terrified to have sex in that situation, or if you'd have sex with Doreah until you starved to death.... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I've actually seen a fair amount of discussion of Xaro and Doreah on tumblr, with quite a few people arguing that Daenerys was "too harsh".
3185	TheDarkOne	2012-06-06	If you view Xaro's vault as a metaphor for the time spent in Qarth, and for that matter Danny's story line this season, it makes perfect sense.
3186	protar	2012-06-06	Nonsense happened in Qarth.
Seriously the whole plot was a let down. I realise they had to expand on what happened in the books, but couldn't they have done something better. My personal idea was to expand a bit on Dany dealing with the merchants and getting rejected, so eventually she accepts Xaro's proposal. But then we get Doreah seducing Xaro (and getting him drunk) so he reveals the Qartheen wedding custom (was that even mentioned in the show?) and that he had been bribing the other merchants to refuse Dany. Once this comes out Dany would be decide to go to the HOTU as a last resort in E8 (Which seriously needed some substance.). Then in E10 we have the whole meeting Barristan stuff.
3187	dtones520	2012-06-06	I think the main thing we're supposed to get from the whole qarth debacle is that Dany is pretty much on her own and can't trust anyone at all.  I'll be surprised if we see much more of Qarth anytime soon.Which is essentially what we were supposed to take out of book Qarth. The show just tried to make it more interesting for people to watch on t.v. Instead of Dany talking while her left boob is out and getting a bunch of prophecies no one understands, we got a lot of yelling and stolen dragons.
3188	Greywolf2375	2012-06-06	I think the main thing we're supposed to get from the whole qarth debacle is that Dany is pretty much on her own and can't trust anyone at all.  I'll be surprised if we see much more of Qarth anytime soon.Agreed, I think - from a production standpoint - that this is one of the situations where we don't need a huge exposition at the beginning of next season but just one or two lines about it and it will close.  There are a few situations that have happened similar to that - the Jon/Quorin one being an example.  One line of dialogue clears up ambiguity - or a forgotten plotline as Qarth might turn out to be.
3189	Onion Smuggler	2012-06-06	Dany's storyline in Qarth has been very poorly handled IMO. Let's be fair, it's not a great part of ACOK, not much happens but there is enough materail there to make something interesting occur.
They botched the HoTU in my opinion. The farce that was Pyat Pree killing the 13 of Qarth and then being overwhelmed immediately by the dragons that he'd had for ages already. Xaro Xhoan Daxos and Doreah betraying Dany was a strange way to go too. 
Overall I was disappointed with Dany's arc and I do agree with the OP that's it's not that clear what happened in Qarth.
3190	Reposado	2012-06-06	Which is essentially what we were supposed to take out of book Qarth. The show just tried to make it more interesting for people to watch on t.v. Instead of Dany talking while her left boob is out and getting a bunch of prophecies no one understands, we got a lot of yelling and stolen dragons.except i didn't find what happened interesting to watch on tv. a similar plot could have been interesting, if they'd deepened it and fleshed it out. as it was eh, i'd have rather seen daeny's left boob
3191	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-06	Which is essentially what we were supposed to take out of book Qarth. The show just tried to make it more interesting for people to watch on t.v. Instead of Dany talking while her left boob is out and getting a bunch of prophecies no one understands, we got a lot of yelling and stolen dragons.yes exactly.On the whole, I thought Qarth was passable, not great.They botched the HoTU in my opinion. The farce that was Pyat Pree killing the 13 of Qarth and then being overwhelmed immediately by the dragons that he'd had for ages already. Xaro Xhoan Daxos and Doreah betraying Dany was a strange way to go too.I thought the Pyat Pree thing made sense because it shows that he didn't truly understand them or their connection to Dany.  Or that dragon fire can melt chains.  Whatever he was offering Dany or pretend to offer her... to rule Qarth with him as the mother of dragons.. whatever deep, mysterious warlock knowledge he seemed to have.. it was all as hollow as XXD's vault, and inconsequential next to Dany's command of her dragons. Also, he didn't have the dragons for "ages."  maybe a couple of days, tops.Xaro's betrayal of Dany ultimately amounted to the same thing as in the books; essentially he wanted to steal her dragons, but more indirectly, ie taking advantage of Dany's ignorance of Quartheen marriage law.So I understand most of what they were trying to do with Qarth.. it wasn't terrible but it's arguably the weakest part of the show so far.Doreah was a disappointment.  I will miss her /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 06 June 2012 - 08:30 AM.
3192	jons nissa	2012-06-06	I thought it was interesting how previously Dany had scolded her men for trying to steal from xxd.. and now she's just flat out embracing it.  In a way I think this is a way of showing Dany embracing her Dothraki side, especially after seeing Drogo in the Undying house.i think this is exactly the point. iirc she scolds the dothraki who are taking things saying no, that's not what we do. she seemed to indeed be distancing herself from the dothraki but she seems to have embraced it wholeheartedly.
3193	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-06-06	The show does not concern itself with politics outside Westeros, so don't expect Dany's world to ever be detailed.
3194	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-06	except i didn't find what happened interesting to watch on tv. a similar plot could have been interesting, if they'd deepened it and fleshed it out. as it was eh, i'd have rather seen daeny's left boobQarth was horribly botched and was full of chasm sized plotholes.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 12 May 2013 - 06:37 AM.
3195	Will Segatto	2012-06-06	I'd never complain about seeing Dany's left boob, or her right one for that matter.In what minute/second that happened?
3196	Will Segatto	2012-06-06	I have a doubt.... Weren't the Dothraki people all dead? How come she has some many people together with her when trapping/stealing from XXD?
3197	Ran	2012-06-06	The baffling thing to me is that...
Up to the very end of episode 6, it's basically the story in the novel.
Then the dragon theft. The the murder of the Thirteen. Than a tiny scene in 8. Then this as a finale.
So basically, all the change really covers three "new" scenes -- dragon theft, murder of the Thirteen, hiding out in an abandoned palace.
Were those changes so cool? No, not really.
Were I them, I would have structured it with an ep seven scene showing Xaro increasingly agitated and annoyed with Dany, and her turning to Pyat Pree. Episode 8, House of the Undying. Episode 10, Dany's last chapter -- parting ways with Xaro, assassination attempt, Arstan (with or without Belwas), departure for some place new.
It just seems much, much better to me because the theft-King Xaro narrative was so lacking in urgency.
ETA: The Dothraki were not all dead. Four Dothraki who had been left there as guards, IIRC, were shown dead, but she had 20-30 people left in the band when she reached Qarth.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 06 June 2012 - 09:40 AM.
3198	Lord Varys	2012-06-06	Even the dialogue is mostly recycled stuff. How often does the Summer Islander guy refer to the fact that he is a self-made man? That was really pathetic.
By the way - did the House of the Undying or the time in Qarth significantly change Dany's character? As in the book, she does not have any more assets in the end than she had in beginning (in fact she has somewhat less, since she has lost Doreah and Irri in Qarth), nor did she learn anything of value or importance there.
That anyone wants to use her or steal her dragons Jorah did already tell her in the first episode of this season. More importantly, she already learned to trust anyone back in season 1 when she dealt with Mirri Maz Duur.
In the book, the House of the Undying gives her at least knowledge and a sense of self-assurance about her place in the world. She may not understand all those prophecies and visions, but she knows that they were all connected to her fate. The show completely botched this. They even contradicted themselves: First Dany refers angrily to her own magic when trying to convince Jorah that she could challenge the Undying of Qarth, but then she does nothing remotely magical when confronted by Pyat Pree. 'Dracarys' is not a magic word, and Pyat Pree burned to death only because he was too stupid to step out of the dragon's reach not because of Dany's inherent 'magic'.
And honestly, the stupid idea of chaining Dany for all eternity in an empty tower chamber is completely ridiculous. Yes, there is a connection between magic and dragons, but there is no connection between Dany's life expectancy and the life expectancy of the dragons. The idea that the Undying would fear the inherent magic of the dragons, but try feed of the life-force/special fate/potential of Dany's future was way more powerful than 'You will be chained here for all eternity'.
The conclusion at the end of the season in the series is: Stealing from your host and behaving like a ragged band of savages is good, after all. That's not character development. That's just stupid.
3199	anikitin	2012-06-06	I agree completely that the Qarth storyline, especially the "changes", is ridiculous. There are two things, however, that I don't understand.
1) Why do people complain about Dany stealing stuff from XXD? He and Pyat Pree stole her dragons and invited her to die at HotU. So, basically, Dany waged a mini-war against XXD and PP, and what she takes is spoils of the victor.
2) Why do people see Doreah's punishment as "too harsh"? Yes, Dany asked Doreah to "fuck around" in order to acquire allies, but she never told her to steal her dragons or sleep with her enemies. Doreah was a traitor (to the crown, since Dany believes herself to be the rightful Queen of Westeros, as well as Khaleesi). Within  the medieval setting, punishing treason with death is perfectly fitting. In fact, even nowadays, government treason (or whatever it is called) is punishable by death or a very long jail sentence.
					
					
							Edited by anikitin, 06 June 2012 - 10:37 AM.
3200	Lord Varys	2012-06-06	I did not complain about the stealing from Xaro because the writers apparently want to give each character some kind of journey of character development this season. So what's the point if Dany is a unwashed savage at the begin and at the end of a season?
The real problem with the stealing and locking scene is that there is no way that Xaro would leave his estate unguarded, so that Dany's band could actually surprise him in his bedchamber. The man just staged a coup in Qarth. Even if he did not expect Dany to return, he would not let his guard down to prevent that the families of the murdered members of the Thirteen (or their friends) would not try to murder him in his sleep, nor do I believe he would not consider the possibility that Dany's remaining servants would not come after him if she really had disappeared in the House of the Undying...
3201	gogorath	2012-06-06	The baffling thing to me is that...Up to the very end of episode 6, it's basically the story in the novel.Then the dragon theft. The the murder of the Thirteen. Than a tiny scene in 8. Then this as a finale.So basically, all the change really covers three "new" scenes -- dragon theft, murder of the Thirteen, hiding out in an abandoned palace.Were those changes so cool? No, not really.Were I them, I would have structured it with an ep seven scene showing Xaro increasingly agitated and annoyed with Dany, and her turning to Pyat Pree. Episode 8, House of the Undying. Episode 10, Dany's last chapter -- parting ways with Xaro, assassination attempt, Arstan (with or without Belwas), departure for some place new.It just seems much, much better to me because the theft-King Xaro narrative was so lacking in urgency.ETA: The Dothraki were not all dead. Four Dothraki who had been left there as guards, IIRC, were shown dead, but she had 20-30 people left in the band when she reached Qarth.I don't think their story in Qarth was pointless.  They tried to give Dany a bit of an arc there -- after going from scared girl to Khaleesi in Season One, she is slowly stripped of everything outside of her that gives her some power -- her Khalasar, her trust in Jorah's judgment, her dragons.  She at first tries to again rely on others like XXD and the Spice King, but that fails.  Then she is offered the chance to fall into a dream -- getting Khal Drogo back in this dream state.  She chooses not to, asserts herself and gets her dragons back.  A very Dothraki Dany then gets revenge and some booty.It's not the book.  But there's an arc there, it's consistent with Dany's growth (in not the same way) and it's not overly inconsistent with her character -- who frankly did whine a lot in Qarth and isn't the nicest to her enemies.That all said, I'm with you on execution.  If you're going to change it, they needed to go a bit more full bore.  I didn't need three episodes of the Waste.  I don't necessarily need the prophecies in HotU (though I would have liked those scenes), but at minimum draw out her decision -- have it span two episodes.  Make us think she might stay with Drogo.  Make it scarier, perhaps.  And take some time to fill in the plot holes and backstory with the whole Xaro/13/Doreah storyline.  Frankly, people love the KL's politics, they would have liked this. Other than the HotU, book Dany in aCoK is pretty unmemorable, so I had no problem with making more of a Season arc (many of George's characters are on multiple book arcs).  But I feel like "red wasting" time and then rushing Qarth made the execution not as memorable as it could be.  A bit of the same with Qhorin.  I like moving Ygritte up; but don't rush the rest because of it.
3202	gogorath	2012-06-06	I agree completely that the Qarth storyline, especially the "changes", is ridiculous. There are two things, however, that I don't understand.1) Why do people complain about Dany stealing stuff from XXD? He and Pyat Pree stole her dragons and invited her to die at HotU. So, basically, Dany waged a mini-war against XXD and PP, and what she takes is spoils of the victor.When you see someone complain about this, you know they really aren't open to any changes.  Dany cares about people, but she's never been particularly kind to those who cross her, and she never becomes that way.  XXD stole her dragons, had her friend(s) killed.  This is a woman who didn't care that much when her brother died screaming, who will sentence every slaver in Astapor to death.  She's not exactly merciful when she views someone as guilty. Claiming that that is out of character is ridiculous and claiming that her story arc is about her being nicer is stupid.  Dany's arc in this season -- though not great -- was more about self-reliance than anything.2) Why do people see Doreah's punishment as "too harsh"? Yes, Dany asked Doreah to "fuck around" in order to acquire allies, but she never told her to steal her dragons or sleep with her enemies. Doreah was a traitor (to the crown, since Dany believes herself to be the rightful Queen of Westeros, as well as Khaleesi). Within  the medieval setting, punishing treason with death is perfectly fitting. In fact, even nowadays, government treason (or whatever it is called) is punishable by death or a very long jail sentence.I think it's harsh personally, but not OOC for Dany.  She's harder than me.  Doreah's a paid servant, and she made a bad decision.  She certainly can't be trusted, but there's lot of situations where her intentions were pretty awful (I can screw Dany over and increase my station in life) and some where it's more understandable (XXD has told me Dany is never coming back from the HotU -- I can be his concubine or go out on the street). If it's the latter, you may not trust her, but do you sentence her to death?  I don't, but I think Dany may.
3203	SerMilady	2012-06-06	Nonsense happened in Qarth.Seriously the whole plot was a let down. I realise they had to expand on what happened in the books, but couldn't they have done something better. My personal idea was to expand a bit on Dany dealing with the merchants and getting rejected, so eventually she accepts Xaro's proposal. But then we get Doreah seducing Xaro (and getting him drunk) so he reveals the Qartheen wedding custom (was that even mentioned in the show?) and that he had been bribing the other merchants to refuse Dany. Once this comes out Dany would be decide to go to the HOTU as a last resort in E8 (Which seriously needed some substance.). Then in E10 we have the whole meeting Barristan stuff.What are you doing not writing this show? Damn. That would have spiced the storyline up while still staying true to things established in the book.
					
					
							Edited by SerMilady, 06 June 2012 - 12:56 PM.
3204	Im no Ser	2012-06-06	When you see someone complain about this, you know they really aren't open to any changes.  Dany cares about people, but she's never been particularly kind to those who cross her, and she never becomes that way.  XXD stole her dragons, had her friend(s) killed.  This is a woman who didn't care that much when her brother died screaming, who will sentence every slaver in Astapor to death.  She's not exactly merciful when she views someone as guilty. Claiming that that is out of character is ridiculous and claiming that her story arc is about her being nicer is stupid.  Dany's arc in this season -- though not great -- was more about self-reliance than anything.Agreed completely.  Complaints about this are only for complaining's sake.I think it's harsh personally, but not OOC for Dany.  She's harder than me.  Doreah's a paid servant, and she made a bad decision.  She certainly can't be trusted, but there's lot of situations where her intentions were pretty awful (I can screw Dany over and increase my station in life) and some where it's more understandable (XXD has told me Dany is never coming back from the HotU -- I can be his concubine or go out on the street).If it's the latter, you may not trust her, but do you sentence her to death?  I don't, but I think Dany may.OK, but what betrayal/bad decision did Doreah commit?  She was told to sleep around and she did.  There is nothing to suggest (that I saw anyway) to indicate that she had anything to do with the dragon theft.
3205	erolyn	2012-06-06	OK, but what betrayal/bad decision did Doreah commit?  She was told to sleep around and she did.  There is nothing to suggest (that I saw anyway) to indicate that she had anything to do with the dragon theft.My assumption was (after that little scene in ep. 5 where Dany says "[Drogon] loves you" to doreah) that Xaro and Pree needed Doreah to help them safely take the dragons away. If they trust Doreah, they'll go quietly. Otherwise I think it would be hard for them to take the dragons from Dany without severe burnination occuring.
3206	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-06	My thoughts on Qarth are divided. I loved how it and the people there looked. Pyat Pree was pretty awesome, Xaro was more memorable than he was in the books (in the books he's not memorable at all). The stealing of the dragons and murdering of the Khalasar and the Thirteen added some necessary drama, although a slight mention of an uproar should be the least we could expect when a coup suddenly takes place in such a place.Xaro's vault was pretty pointless.Things went sour when they took ages to get to the HotU with little reason to wait. I got over the (lack of) visions, but not so much over the much too easy way Pyat Pree and Xaro were beaten. Getting rid of Doreah was perhaps not the best move when you've already killed off all of her other handmaidens. Xaro also shouldn't have died since you know, he's still kickin'... Then there's Daeny's khalasar dying, to be mysteriously resurrected afterwards.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 06 June 2012 - 01:29 PM.
3207	teemo	2012-06-06	Because Daenerys Stormborn Targaryen, Khaleesi, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lady of the Seven Kingdoms, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Shackles and Chains, Princess of Dragonstone, and the Mother of Dragons said that she was going to take what was hers with blood and fire, and everyone that was left fled immediately out of fear of being locked in a Valyrian stone vault.  
 /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 06 June 2012 - 01:33 PM.
3208	Arataniello	2012-06-06	One of the most disappointing things out of the whole Qarth scenario was the use of the Dragon-fire Lasers of DeathTM to kill Pyat Pree. The writers/directors thus have pre-empted the drama and great imagery from the scene outside Astapor/Yunkai (I can never keep the slave cities straight in my mind), when Dany unleashes Drogon's fire on the slave masters, which will weaken that episode/scene when we get to it (If we ever do).
3209	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-06	We probably will: it's pivotal to getting her army, and getting her army is pivotal to pretty much everything that happens later 'cos really, the Unsullied are pretty much the only reason she has power at the moment.
3210	Arataniello	2012-06-06	We probably will: it's pivotal to getting her army, and getting her army is pivotal to pretty much everything that happens later 'cos really, the Unsullied are pretty much the only reason she has power at the moment.Right, but the shock factor, the wowness of it all, of having Dany sing out 'Dracarys' and have Drogon blast the slaver in the face has been flattened/deadened/lost by the use of dragon fire in the HotU in Qarth.
3211	Harrad	2012-06-06	One of the most disappointing things out of the whole Qarth scenario was the use of the Dragon-fire Lasers of DeathTM to kill Pyat Pree.The writers/directors thus have pre-empted the drama and great imagery from the scene outside Astapor/Yunkai (I can never keep the slave cities straight in my mind), when Dany unleashes Drogon's fire on the slave masters, which will weaken that episode/scene when we get to it (If we ever do).Seems to me this was a great idea. In this scene we get little dragons with a directed strike a single man. The key here was that magical dragon fire could take out someone resistant to normal weapons. This will foreshadow a bigger dragon weighing in on many armed combatants.
3212	teemo	2012-06-06	A lot of the Unsullied have complained about the Dragon Lasers too.  I've read things from "ridiculously stupid looking" to "anticlimactic."  It wasn't a really popular season for Dany.  People expected something from her as exciting as last season and for her to go to Westeros, and we obviously knew that nothing in the following books was anywhere close to as interesting compared to her overall storyline in GoT.  There are moments (like getting on Drogon), but it's almost guaranteed people are going to be let down with her storyline this season and the next and the next.... and it doesn't help when the writers butcher it either.
I remember at the beginning of the season reading one of the Unsullied, "Okay, girl....times are hard, but you better get your ass to Westeros soon or you're going to get boring!"  Ummm....good luck with that /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 06 June 2012 - 02:14 PM.
3213	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-06	One of the most disappointing things out of the whole Qarth scenario was the use of the Dragon-fire Lasers of DeathTM to kill Pyat Pree.The writers/directors thus have pre-empted the drama and great imagery from the scene outside Astapor/Yunkai (I can never keep the slave cities straight in my mind), when Dany unleashes Drogon's fire on the slave masters, which will weaken that episode/scene when we get to it (If we ever do).Agreed.  And when she stood there savoring in PP's death, she looked more like the Mad King than anything else.
3214	StannisandDaeny	2012-06-06	Right, but the shock factor, the wowness of it all, of having Dany sing out 'Dracarys' and have Drogon blast the slaver in the face has been flattened/deadened/lost by the use of dragon fire in the HotU in Qarth.They did use it in the book too I think? Ages since I read it but I'm pretty sure that was the first major use of dragon's fire either way.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 06 June 2012 - 02:46 PM.
3215	Ran	2012-06-06	In the novel, Drogon seems to have a preternatural ... I don't know, lets call it foresight or agency in the House of the Undying. It's Drogon that "urges her on" when she's about to get stuck, who hisses and roars at the illusions that she needs to beware, who reveals to her where she was almost tricked by one door being hidden behind another. And it's Drogon who, all alone, blasts the Undying and flies to the heart,  tearing at it and burning it.
This matches very nicely, I believe, with Quaithe's reminder that Dany remembers the Undying... and what happens in her last two ADwD chapters, where it seems that Drogon's role is to drive her back to her destiny after her getting mired in Meereen.
Is it a huge problem? No. But it'd have been nice to have those little dragons act on their own to defend their "mother", rather than needing the "Dracarys" moment copped from Slaver's Bay.
3216	GoodGuyA	2012-06-06	So basically, all the change really covers three "new" scenes -- dragon theft, murder of the Thirteen, hiding out in an abandoned palace. Yes, but you were also calling out the show before we even got to Qarth. I understand your frustration with XXD and the loss of "intrigue" with the 13, but your red flags were waving high long before any of these alterations happened. All the pre-airing material seem to be the supposedly complex "fairy tale" of Qarth, yet you were berating it every step of the way. I understand you know the production better than we do, but you made it out to seem like it simply wasn't the way you imagined it and thus it could not be successful.Were I them, I would have structured it with an ep seven scene showing Xaro increasingly agitated and annoyed with Dany, and her turning to Pyat Pree. Episode 8, House of the Undying. Episode 10, Dany's last chapter -- parting ways with Xaro, assassination attempt, Arstan (with or without Belwas), departure for some place new. The issue with ending it like this is that it's not a cliff-hanger, it's just confusing. Season 1 also had the liberty that they could end introducing characters in order to properly pave way for the world to open up. Having Belwas show up (a character who ultimately has little to do with the plot) would mean booking an actor as well as reintroducing and ending the assassination sub-plot that hasn't been mentioned all season.I also don't understand why the theft of the dragons is really that much of a hit to the entire storyline. If anything, it's an improvement over a vague promise from Pyat Pree. The original storyline, I guess, deals with Dany's naivity. However, because of her older age and the places her storyline is likely to go, the show has focused more on her blinding loyalty to what makes her the true heir. In this way, the dragons being stolen makes sense as a temptation, and the entire HotU scene focused around that temptation. That is not a failure in storytelling.
3217	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-06-06	Dany was harsh not because of her decision to punish Doreah and XX.D with death for their treachery, but the way she let them die. Locked in a impregnable safe? This is a terrible death, no one deserves such a fate.
3218	Reposado	2012-06-06	Yes, but you were also calling out the show before we even got to Qarth. I understand your frustration with XXD and the loss of "intrigue" with the 13, but your red flags were waving high long before any of these alterations happened. All the pre-airing material seem to be the supposedly complex "fairy tale" of Qarth, yet you were berating it every step of the way. I understand you know the production better than we do, but you made it out to seem like it simply wasn't the way you imagined it and thus it could not be successful.The issue with ending it like this is that it's not a cliff-hanger, it's just confusing. Season 1 also had the liberty that they could end introducing characters in order to properly pave way for the world to open up. Having Belwas show up (a character who ultimately has little to do with the plot) would mean booking an actor as well as reintroducing and ending the assassination sub-plot that hasn't been mentioned all season.I also don't understand why the theft of the dragons is really that much of a hit to the entire storyline. If anything, it's an improvement over a vague promise from Pyat Pree. The original storyline, I guess, deals with Dany's naivity. However, because of her older age and the places her storyline is likely to go, the show has focused more on her blinding loyalty to what makes her the true heir. In this way, the dragons being stolen makes sense as a temptation, and the entire HotU scene focused around that temptation. That is not a failure in storytelling.its not the theft of the dragons that presents the problem. its the executing of political rivals and self-proclaiming of kingship political story that is tacked on without exploring. they could have come up with a dragon stealing plot that worked. they didnt
3219	Khal-a-bunga	2012-06-06	I must not have had the same problem with the Qarth storyline as many here did, because I found it to be much more satisfying than her stay there in the novels. 
In the Red Waste the audience sees that Dany isn't suddenly going from powerless to all-powerful simply by the virtue of having dragons at her disposal. Her people are dying and suffering, she loses Silver, and she has only Jorah to truly rely on and carry her through.
When she comes to the gates of Qarth and meets with the Thirteen she is denied entry because she's unwilling to use her dragons (her children, as Dany sees it) as a bargaining chip. Xaro then invokes "sumai" to grant her and her Dothraki followers access into the city, despite the fact that the other members of the Thirteen don't feel the same. 
Next we see her with Irri (who firmly establishes that Dany is a khaleesi and not a princess) and Doreah in her chambers. The foreshadowing of "dracarys" also happens in this scene, as well as the set-up for Doreah's betrayal ("He loves you."; "Men like to talk about other men... When they're happy.")
At the party thrown in Dany's honor, Pyat Pree mentions that Dany should come to the House of the Undying. Jorah then meets Quaithe who warns him of the dangers that Dany faces in the city as a result of her being the mother of dragons, and Xaro begins to sow seeds of discontent between Dany and Jorah after discounting Pyat Pree as a sham.
This is also where the vault is introduced, and Xaro's insistence that "power resides where men believe it resides" begins. Xaro, somewhat like Dany, came to this city with nothing and has established himself through sheer force of will. At the gates of Qarth, and during her meeting with the Spice King, Dany vows to take what is rightfully her own through virtue of her family history and her dragons. She says these things with conviction, but also with no true understanding of what it means to wield such power.
Just as the Spice King and the rest of the Thirteen doubted Pyat Pree and Xaro (due to his upbringing), Xaro and Pree doubt Dany. The difference being, unlike Xaro's empty vault, Dany does have a true power hidden inside of her. That Pree monologues about her dragons strengthening his power, then tells her that her own power makes the dragons (ergo, the source of his and the other Warlock's powers) stronger is ultimately his own undoing, which seems less anti-climactic to me and more intentionally ironic.
When all is said and done, Dany shows her true strength by ignoring the false visions of power shown to her in the House of the Undying (the throne representing her future and Drogo representing what was) and embracing her role as a mother of dragons. Her remaining Dothraki loot Xaro's own "baubles and trinkets" (mirroring the scene where she forbid Kavarro from doing so) to purchase a small ship and go on to the next leg of their journey.
Doreah and Xaro are locked in his empty vault, and the lesson that Dany learns isn't 'Don't trust rich people that want to marry you.', but rather that real power can and does exist inside of her if she can believe in herself and those around her whom she trusts.
There are plenty of other things that tie this all together, and I barely touched upon how Dany's relationship with Jorah is challenged (which will give further weight to the relationship between the two in the future). My point is that this storyline isn't something that was thrown together haphazardly. Points about the common people of Qarth have no real relevance because this isn't a story about that city but about Dany's journey. Why is it so hard to simply assume that Qarth is feeling the effects of what has happened? And Dany not being able to get to Xaro because of his guards? Uh, dragons... Do you think anyone would stand in her way? Would you?
Not everything needs to be spelled out explicitly, and as it pertains to Dany's growth as a character I feel that the Qarth storyline succeeded admirably. I'm not interjecting anything from the books into this assessment, I'm simply using what was presented in the show. I have no problems with people disliking the execution of these things, but to say that the whole plot was a mess of contradictions and inconsistencies is patently false.
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 06 June 2012 - 03:53 PM.
3220	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	its not the theft of the dragons that presents the problem. its the executing of political rivals and self-proclaiming of kingship political story that is tacked on without exploring. they could have come up with a dragon stealing plot that worked. they didntExactly.Imagine a UN meeting where 2-3 countries kill the representatives of every other country, wouldnÂ´t there be repercussions?Where is the Spice Prince and the Copper Prince, arenÂ´t they a bit pissed that XXD and Pyat killed their dads?
3221	protar	2012-06-06	One of the main problems with Dany's storyline is that she takes nothing away from it, so it's completely tangenital to the story. In the books the three fires prophecy is a massive part of her development and she obsesses over it constantly. Depending on your interpretation it sets her off onto the road of Targaryen madness. Instead of this we get the scene with Drogo, which while it was enjoyable to watch, served no purpose.
3222	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	One of the main problems with Dany's storyline is that she takes nothing away from it, so it's completely tangenital to the story. In the books the three fires prophecy is a massive part of her development and she obsesses over it constantly. Depending on your interpretation it sets her off onto the road of Targaryen madness. Instead of this we get the scene with Drogo, which while it was enjoyable to watch, served no purpose.Tbh I prefer Drogo when heÂ´s ripping out tongues or screaming about war and conquest /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3223	Ran	2012-06-06	GoodGuyA,Yes, but you were also calling out the show before we even got to Qarth.Sure. Because I knew they were going to "action" it up. And then the action? The killing of the Thirteen was so uncompelling that no one really cares about it. That was their mistake. I saw it coming, and it was proved out.I'm not so bothered by the theft of the dragons. I mean, I pointed out the problems from an adaptation point of view, but I could go with it if it presented a truly compelling narrative. I didn't feel it did, because I knew that it was a rather easy ploy to juice up the story.
3224	gogorath	2012-06-07	Agreed completely.  Complaints about this are only for complaining's sake.OK, but what betrayal/bad decision did Doreah commit?  She was told to sleep around and she did.  There is nothing to suggest (that I saw anyway) to indicate that she had anything to do with the dragon theft.Except, you know, she's sleeping with the man who stole her dragons.  And she never returned to even talk to Dany after the Dragons were stolen.  And she acted immediately guilty when Dany arrived.  And the gut she's sleeping with isn't someone Dany needed intel from and that bedchamber is in the same place where the dragons were stolen from and where Dany was staying, yet Doreah just disappeared?  Long nap in XXDs bed?
3225	boojam	2012-06-07	2) Why do people see Doreah's punishment as "too harsh"? Yes, Dany asked Doreah to "fuck around" in order to acquire allies, but she never told her to steal her dragons or sleep with her enemies. Doreah was a traitor (to the crown, since Dany believes herself to be the rightful Queen of Westeros, as well as Khaleesi). Within  the medieval setting, punishing treason with death is perfectly fitting. In fact, even nowadays, government treason (or whatever it is called) is punishable by death or a very long jail sentence.It's this part that bothers me about Doreah. After all she and Dany have been through and that she had shown no signs of being unfaithful.... that she would become turn cloak.... I don't buy ...Seems to me D and D wanted to make 'contract' space, I don't like that.
3226	teemo	2012-06-07	I wasn't that bothered by the stealing of dragons thing either, because it was a way to dragggggg out her story over several episodes and it also cut back on budget (not having to show the dragons and having people say WTF are they dragons).  
And so what if Doreah is sleeping with the enemy?  She's a whore.  Was she really involved in the stealing of the dragons?  It would have been nice if that was made a little more clear.  IMO, Dany wouldn't have killed in her the books.  Come on.  She didn't even kill Jorah, who was fucking SPYING ON HER AND GIVING INFORMATION TO HER ENEMIES.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 07 June 2012 - 10:23 AM.
3227	Im no Ser	2012-06-07	Except, you know, she's sleeping with the man who stole her dragons.She's been told to sleep around for intelligence.And she never returned to even talk to Dany after the Dragons were stolen.Returned from where?  They were in the same house.  She never left.And she acted immediately guilty when Dany arrived.No doubt.  No one in-universe (including Doreah) seem to think Dany's response is unreasonable.  But just because everyone in the scene acts like it makes sense doesn't mean that it actually does.  It almost felt like there was another scene explaining her betrayal that was left on the cutting room floor.And the gut she's sleeping with isn't someone Dany needed intel fromAs it happens, since he's the one that stole them, he's exactly who she needs intel about.and that bedchamber is in the same place where the dragons were stolen from and where Dany was staying, yet Doreah just disappeared?  Long nap in XXDs bed?But did she disappear?  Was there something that established that Doreah was in the wind and I missed it?  AFAIK there was nothing to suggest that she wasn't exactly where she was supposed to be the whole time.
					
					
							Edited by I'm no Ser, 09 June 2012 - 02:42 PM.
3228	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	Qarth went downhill fast.  It seems like an afterthought.  Visually qarth was great.  Thats about it.
3229	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	Maybe way off in the future when Dany is occupying Meereen or something we'll hear one of her advisors/emissaries say something along the lines of "when you left Qarth, the place descended into civil war."Also, I think Xaro and Doreah would suffocate before they starved to death. May as well have one more roll in the, uh, vault. Roxanne McKee is pretty hot...It wouldn't be that bad though, since the delirium would have set in long before that.  Probably midway through their first romp due to all of the oxygen they'd be using up.Qarth went downhill fast.  It seems like an afterthought.  Visually qarth was great.  Thats about it.Qarth was always a boring storyline to me.  Dany's story started becoming enjoyable again for me in book 3.  But, unlike alot of other things they did this season, the changes they made to this storyline were not for the better.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 07 June 2012 - 06:32 PM.
3230	SynthFG	2012-06-08	Qarth went downhill fast.  It seems like an afterthought.  Visually qarth was great.  Thats about it.Pretty much like in the books thenDanny's storyline for book 2 makes interesting reading but wouldn't make good tv because nothing happens until the end
	Spoiler She wonders around in the waste watching her people die,finds a deserted city and sends out scoutsgets invited to Quathvisits the marketgets marriage proposals and lots of giftsgets rejected by the 13visits HotU[spoiler]visits the harbourmeets belwas and arristan

					
					
							Edited by SynthFG, 08 June 2012 - 05:12 AM.
3231	Ferrous	2012-06-08	I would not be surprised if the safe had more than one entrance.
3232	Istakhr	2012-06-08	Pretty much like in the books thenDanny's storyline for book 2 makes interesting reading but wouldn't make good tv because nothing happens until the end
	Spoiler She wonders around in the waste watching her people die,finds a deserted city and sends out scoutsgets invited to Quathvisits the marketgets marriage proposals and lots of giftsgets rejected by the 13visits HotU[spoiler]visits the harbourmeets belwas and arristan
In the books there was no political assassinations without repercussions. No kings without guards. No Dany screaming Fire and Blood for most of the books. No warlock casting duplicate or whatever spells. No house of the undying with one warlock and no undying!The story in the book was a fairly dull story with a very interesting and important climax, the one in TV was a ridiculous story fit for Dungeons and Dragons not GOT.
3233	kephv	2012-06-08	I don't understand what happened with Qarth. Instead of the plot we got in the books they replaced it with overdramatized killings and Ducksauce, coupled with completely illogical set pieces that ask you to leave your brain at the door. Terrible.  Visually qarth was great.  Thats about it.I thought it looked cheap and gaudy.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 08 June 2012 - 08:16 PM.
3234	Castel	2012-06-08	2) Why do people see Doreah's punishment as "too harsh"? Yes, Dany asked Doreah to "fuck around" in order to acquire allies, but she never told her to steal her dragons or sleep with her enemies. Doreah was a traitor (to the crown, since Dany believes herself to be the rightful Queen of Westeros, as well as Khaleesi). Within  the medieval setting, punishing treason with death is perfectly fitting. In fact, even nowadays, government treason (or whatever it is called) is punishable by death or a very long jail sentence.Keep a couple of things in mind. We don't know the extent of Doreah's involvement, Dany, acting like her book counterpart, never asks. It's quite possible that Doreah was forced to leave the dragons and then forced into Xaro's bed. Think about it:" think about Pyat and what he can do. Do you think that Doreah can stand against him? Certain death faced her and Dany for all she knew. Doreah was a slave, she was shoehorned into Dany's service because she had no choice, I doubt that she'd be happy facing warlocks.And what does she get? Not a trial or anything, one sentence and then she's thrown into a room with a man much larger than her. If the air doesn't run out what happens when Xaro gets hungry? Seriously? It was terribly cruel. It had little to do with justice and more to do with revenge, compare it with the traditional punishment for treason in Westeros, a swift, clean head chop.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 08 June 2012 - 09:49 PM.
3235	Istakhr	2012-06-08	Keep a couple of things in mind. We don't know the extent of Doreah's involvement, Dany, acting like her book counterpart, never asks. It's quite possible that Doreah was forced to leave the dragons and then forced into Xaro's bed. Think about it:" think about Pyat and what he can do. Do you think that Doreah can stand against him? Certain death faced her and Dany for all she knew. Doreah was a slave, she was shoehorned into Dany's service because she had no choice, I doubt that she'd be happy facing warlocks.And what does she get? Not a trial or anything, one sentence and then she's thrown into a room with a man much larger than her. If the air doesn't run out what happens when Xaro gets hungry? Seriously? It was terribly cruel. It had little to do with justice and more to do with revenge, compare it with the traditional punishment for treason in Westeros, a swift, clean head chop.But is she acting like her book counter part? Remember she didn't kill Jorah and his betrayal of her seemed worse to me.
3236	Castel	2012-06-08	But is she acting like her book counter part? Remember she didn't kill Jorah and his betrayal of her seemed worse to me.She killed 163 men she was given without verifying who they were. She basically just crucified them for "justice" and left it at that.
3237	Istakhr	2012-06-08	She killed 163 men she was given without verifying who they were. She basically just crucified them for "justice" and left it at that.She didn't know those men. To her, those were faceless, nameless evil slavers. I think in the books she always shows too much empathy to people she know or even talk to or see for a little while and almost non to people she had already judged without knowing them.
					
					
							Edited by Istakhr, 08 June 2012 - 10:06 PM.
3238	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-09	I'm assuming that someone from Qarth is going to send a hired sword to kill Dany and that "Arstan Whitebeard" is going to kill the would-be assassin. I really hope they introduce "Arstan" pretty early next season. He is one of the best parts of Dany's whole future storyline.
3239	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-09	She killed 163 men she was given without verifying who they were. She basically just crucified them for "justice" and left it at that.Oh here we go again....This was one of Dany's BEST moments in the entire series, IMO. She spends far too much time frustratingly trying to compromise with people who despise her and secretly plot her death. When she went KILL BILL on the 163 Great Masters, it was a cathartic moment, for both her and the readers. Slavers who crucify little children for spite deserve no mercy whatsoever. None.
3240	kephv	2012-06-09	Slavers who crucify little children for spite deserve no mercy whatsoever. None.But they might've had it nonetheless. After all, Dany made zero inquiries into who actually ordered that. She just told them to hand up 163 of their people to her. The people in charge, also those with the greatest influence, probably just handed over the most useless of the slavers while they got off scot free.
3241	Castel	2012-06-09	Oh here we go again....This was one of Dany's BEST moments in the entire series, IMO. She spends far too much time frustratingly trying to compromise with people who despise her and secretly plot her death. When she went KILL BILL on the 163 Great Masters, it was a cathartic moment, for both her and the readers. Slavers who crucify little children for spite deserve no mercy whatsoever. None.Who knew if she killed slavers? Who knew if she killed the people responsible? There's a reason we don't consider that type of nonsense justice, it's idiotic. It serve NO purpose and achieved nothing at all.She didn't know those men. To her, those were faceless, nameless evil slavers. I think in the books she always shows too much empathy to people she know or even talk to or see for a little while and almost non to people she had already judged without knowing them.Oh, I get what you're saying.
3242	boojam	2012-06-09	She didn't know those men. To her, those were faceless, nameless evil slavers. I think in the books she always shows too much empathy to people she know or even talk to or see for a little while and almost non to people she had already judged without knowing them.It's one of the oddest things about the books. The Valyrians were slavers, the Targs, who were Valyrians, apparently were not... George never tells us why.After the Targaryen conquest of Westeros slavery was not instituted ... ever.Dany seems to be a hard core abolitionist, so maybe the Targs were abolitionists ... Having a Valyrian about who does not tolerate slavery must not compute very well in Slavers Bay.So it goes.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 09 June 2012 - 04:34 PM.
3243	Ran	2012-06-09	Pretty sure the Targaryens practiced slavery... in Valyria. When they settled in Dragonstone, though, they assimilated by taking the Faith, and slavery is a sin against gods and men.
The private bedroom practices of the Targaryens might be ignored, but their trying to institute slavery would have been a major problem for them.
3244	boojam	2012-06-10	She is now, for all intents and purposes a Queen of Qarth.Why would she leave and why was she stealing from herself at the end?Ask George.
3245	boojam	2012-06-10	Pretty sure the Targaryens practiced slavery... in Valyria. We don't know that. Books never say.One could just as well speculate there were other Valyrian abolitionists as well as the Targs.(We have a historical analog in the USA before the American Civil War. Abolitionists were not in the majority in the North.)(Even had a minority of them in the South.)
3246	Reposado	2012-06-10	It's one of the oddest things about the books. The Valyrians were slavers, the Targs, who were Valyrians, apparently were not... George never tells us why.After the Targaryen conquest of Westeros slavery was not instituted ... ever.Dany seems to be a hard core abolitionist, so maybe the Targs were abolitionists ...Having a Valyrian about who does not tolerate slavery must not compute very well in Slavers Bay.So it goes.daeny's feelings about slavery are her own, probably based on growing up in the free cities but imagining home(westeros) as a place where there were no slaves. (well, by her definition)that doesn't mean that all targs felt the same 300 years ago. are there not people today who believe slavery is fundamentally wrong yet had slave owning ancestors, a few centuries ago?
3247	boojam	2012-06-10	Im pretty sure even GRRM cannot figure that one out. And i dont really see what do you mean by it at all.Care to explain that quip?Well one thing George didn't write it that way.Main reason George has her get her army at Slaver's Day, and quite some army it is.Anyway, book wise, don't think Qarth wants a king or a queen, in the books there was someone else to take charge, not mentioned on the show.
3248	gogorath	2012-06-12	She's been told to sleep around for intelligence.Returned from where?  They were in the same house.  She never left.No doubt.  No one in-universe (including Doreah) seem to think Dany's response is unreasonable.  But just because everyone in the scene acts like it makes sense doesn't mean that it actually does.  It almost felt like there was another scene explaining her betrayal that was left on the cutting room floor.As it happens, since he's the one that stole them, he's exactly who she needs intel about.But did she disappear?  Was there something that established that Doreah was in the wind and I missed it?  AFAIK there was nothing to suggest that she wasn't exactly where she was supposed to be the whole time.So, let's be clear... Your argument is that Doreah was collecting intelligence on XXD.  In the same house.  And despite never walking out of a rom and finding Dany.Was she not there when the dragons were taken?  Or Irri killed?  Did she sleep through all that?  Never checked in with Dany at any point?  Just cluelessly was unaware of stolen dragons, slaughtered people, etc, despite all that occurring and Dany staying in the same house.And if she I'd know and not tell Dany?  She's innocent then?  In what world does Doreah live that she somehow does not interact with Dany at all unless she's avoiding her.As for the more reasonable argument - Jorah is later spared because Dany cares much more for him than she does for most people.  Sparing Jorah is hardly evidence that he is merciful in all situations, especially since Jorahs betrayal was old and he stopped.  Doreah was obviously complicit in the theft of her dragons.
3249	gogorath	2012-06-12	To all that has been mentioned il add a few more gaping plot holes or... completelly nonsensical ... decisions that create even more problems.Add to that the fact that she killed only one Warlock while before, it didnt seem to matter which one of the clones you off. The others would keep going,Of course, you can imagine that there was a primary Pyat Pree and if you chance to hit him that destroys all of them but... was that ever actually shown in the series?That also brings up a question of how did she burn the right one, why did it come infront of her and then stood there as Dragons prepared to make fire, burped and made funny little cute rings of smoke and then burned him?Quaithe paints ... "protection from Valyria" squibbles and silly runes over some guys ass?Is that a hoby or a way to make a quick buck?Protection from... what? Valyria? Do i even have to explain how immensly nonsensical that idea is? my head hurts just from glancing into all the effects of such nonsense.And if thats a normal practice, as it was shown to be, where does that logic go? Where does it lead?To the same place where aryas skill in archery did? i.e. nowhere?Second and more glaring is the question of Why should Daenerys ever leave Qarth now?By killing Pyat Pree and Xaro, after they killed all the others who according to the tv show, ruled the city, she has became a defacto ruler in their stead.She is now, for all intents and purposes a Queen of Qarth.Why would she leave and why was she stealing from herself at the end?Is she?  If you assassinate a King, are you King?  Dany does have dragons and about twenty people.  Hardly enough to hold a city like Qarth as an outsider.
3250	Castel	2012-06-12	As for the more reasonable argument - Jorah is later spared because Dany cares much more for him than she does for most people.  Sparing Jorah is hardly evidence that he is merciful in all situations, especially since Jorahs betrayal was old and he stopped.  Doreah was obviously complicit in the theft of her dragons. Is it obvious? Because I have no idea what happened. From what we can see people died, Doreah disappeared. Is it not indeed possible that Doreah was taken at that time because of Xaro's attraction to her? Is it not also possible that Xaro told her that Dany would die to get her to comply? Is it not possible that she was threatened either way? And why does Dany not ask at all? I mean, she knows what the warlocks can do, any normal person would be terrified isn't it possible that Doreah was too?Nope. Lock people up and left them suffocate.
3251	SerMixalot	2012-06-12	It's one of the oddest things about the books. The Valyrians were slavers, the Targs, who were Valyrians, apparently were not... George never tells us why.After the Targaryen conquest of Westeros slavery was not instituted ... ever.Dany seems to be a hard core abolitionist, so maybe the Targs were abolitionists ...Having a Valyrian about who does not tolerate slavery must not compute very well in Slavers Bay.So it goes.Dany's motivation against slavery apparently comes from her being sold to drogo
3252	gogorath	2012-06-12	Is it obvious? Because I have no idea what happened. From what we can see people died, Doreah disappeared. Is it not indeed possible that Doreah was taken at that time because of Xaro's attraction to her? Is it not also possible that Xaro told her that Dany would die to get her to comply? Is it not possible that she was threatened either way? And why does Dany not ask at all? I mean, she knows what the warlocks can do, any normal person would be terrified isn't it possible that Doreah was too?Nope. Lock people up and left them suffocate.it's pretty obvious to me.Let's look at the timeline, assuming Doreah is somehow innocent:Dany leaves the house with XXD, Doreah, Irri and her dragons.Dany returns to find Irri dead, the dragons gone and Doreah missing.  We do not know where she has gone.Some time passes, though probably not much.  Dany heads with XXD to the 13 to complain.  Jorah goes to Quaithe, then meets up with Dany at the council.  XXD announces he and the Warlocks stole the dragons.Dany escapes to somewhere else.  Presumably XXD goes home. Doreah has been out all this time and returns back to XXD's mansion.  Irri is dead, her master gone, and the dragons gone.  Let's assume, to keep Doreah innocent, that XXD makes up a lie about Dany taking the dragons and her entire Khalasar to the House of the Undying along with the dragons and that she will never come back.  Then he offers to take care of him if he sleeps with her.  Doreah, instead of chasing after the Khaleesi, wisely stays with the rich man who can provide.Dany returns from the House of the Undying to find them in bed.  Doreah tries to explain, but decides it is fruitless.I mean, it's possible.  It's not really likely.What fits some much better?  Doreah was complicit with XXD in the theft.  That explains why she didn't go to Dany after they were stolen or Irri was killed.  It's why she didn't chase after Dany at any point between the theft and being discovered.  It's why she had no real excuse all the way in between the bed and being shut in -- why she was appealing to mercy and not claiming innocence.  It's why when she came in, it wasn't "Khaleesi!  You got your dragons back from the Warlocks!" but rather "He told me you weren't coming back."It's very cut and dry to me.
3253	gogorath	2012-06-12	What king did Xaro assasinate?She doesnt need to hold the city at all. It is hers. She is the only power player left.Nobody objected when Xaro took over - an outsider himself...remember that great change? - so i dont see any reason why anone would complain about her taking over now.Especially because the show never showed anyone else.Its all already been thouroughly rehashed and dissected.http://asoiaf.wester...s/page__st__260lets not go over all that again shall we?Prove there's not another power player.  It's literally about a day between Xaro's power play and when Dany walks into the House of the Undying.  It's not like she was on the street for weeks thinking about her actions.  Presumably the sons of the other 13 would be just figuring out someone had killed their father, consolidating their forces, building alliances and trying to figure out how to find their place in the structure. The only people who had accepted Xaro as King of Qarth were the Warlocks -- and they had power to help XXD consolidate his power amongst the remaining threats, but XXD still had a lot of work to do.Dany has as much of Xaro's gold as she can carry, but that's less than he had.  She won't have the warlocks to back her up.  She has a Khalasar of 20 people and fairly vulnerable dragons.  And she would actually have to do what Xaro had not yet done -- which was actually hold her position without the Warlocks.That thread you link is just a cesspool of poor logic.  Xaro called himself King of Qarth and the Warlocks acknowledged it.  It doesn't mean everyone did.  And it doesn't mean somehow Dany could do the same thing.
3254	Jayaris	2012-06-13	The lack of figurehead for Qarth was the only thing that has bothered me about the storyline, I would of much preferred if the Spicetrader guy refused to see Dany or had a Manderlyesque survival on the cut and out of similar amounts of disdain and gratitude for killing off his competition allowed Dany to leave Qarth on uneasy terms.
I suppose they'll either change the storyline completely or they'll introduce a new character to take over in the next season. Which was probably the worst way to handle this..
3255	Lord Over	2012-06-13	Nope. Lock people up and left them suffocate.Huh....and here I'd thought she meant for her to starve to death in the dark, which is slower and more gruesome...
3256	Jayaris	2012-06-13	Huh....and here I'd thought she meant for her to starve to death in the dark, which is slower and more gruesome...They would die of dehydration long before they starved to death.
3257	dark  sister	2012-06-13	I thought it was interesting how previously Dany had scolded her men for trying to steal from xxd.. and now she's just flat out embracing it.  In a way I think this is a way of showing Dany embracing her Dothraki side, especially after seeing Drogo in the Undying house.I think the main thing we're supposed to get from the whole qarth debacle is that Dany is pretty much on her own and can't trust anyone at all.  I'll be surprised if we see much more of Qarth anytime soon.I thought that was interesting, too.  She scolds one of the older Dothraki warriors initially, but I thought that was good on her part - she was acting honorably by not stealing from the man who had spoken for her when no one else would, was "sheltering" her, her dragons, and her people, etc. etc.  But after his treachery had been revealed, much less seeing Doreah in bed with him when she had worried about her being dead (which is ironic, b/c Dany fulfills that thought/worry) I think it was fair game for her to take everything he owned.  I mean no offense by this, but I don't think it was so much her embracing her Dothraki side (although that may have been part of it!) but more her TARGARYEN side, as in "don't wake the dragon, or you'll be conquered".  It's almost like she conquered him, Doreah, and his household.Also, does anyone else think that XXD was an UTTER FOOL for actually showing her the key to that vault?  What an idiot.  I really wish they had just gone with the plot line that was in the book, and focused a lot of time on the House of the Undying, and her begging before those old throne guys (their name alludes me -- the Pureborn??)Anyway, I totally rooted for her when she "sacked" his place.  It'll be interesting to see how the people of Qarth react without any government at all.  Perhaps they might even set her up as ruler of Qarth instead of having her go on to Meereen.  (Because her conquering Astapor, Yunkai, and Meereen took a lot of time.)  But of course, this is all conjecture.
3258	Lord Over	2012-06-13	They would die of dehydration long before they starved to death.Touche.But Dunk from Dunk and Egg prequels happened upon two corpses, one died with the other gnawing on his artery. Mayhaps he was trying to drink his blood to fend off the thirst? Either way, it's an ugly affair to be sure.
3259	Castel	2012-06-13	Huh....and here I'd thought she meant for her to starve to death in the dark, which is slower and more gruesome...That room looked airtight.
3260	Mulled Wino	2012-06-13	I thought it looked cheap and gaudy.Gaudy seems appropriate.  Where they really messed up was with the gowns.
3261	boojam	2012-06-14	Anyway, I totally rooted for her when she "sacked" his place.  It'll be interesting to see how the people of Qarth react without any government at all.  Perhaps they might even set her up as ruler of Qarth instead of having her go on to Meereen.  (Because her conquering Astapor, Yunkai, and Meereen took a lot of time.)  But of course, this is all conjecture.The appearance is given that she only sacks XXD's place. Not the city. I don't know why everyone thinks Qarth is left without a government.Even if we exclude the rest of the ruling class in the books.... the CGI view we get, and the only only one we get , in E3, is that there is a vast amount of wealth and infrastructure still intact. Maintained by those who put it there, and that was not all the 13. (By the by there had to be heirs to the 13's wealth.) Other leaders would have arisen from the merchant class ... unless we happen to see the Pureborn at the start of season 3.No matter, the show story is not going to depart from the next novel so wildly, you can bet on that.Qarth is on the plot agenda and to Slavers Bay we must go.I just hope D and D have some solution dramatic narrative snarl presented by Feast and Dragons ... but we have two years to get to there.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 14 June 2012 - 03:52 AM.
3262	dark  sister	2012-06-14	The appearance is given that she only sacks XXD's place. Not the city.I don't know why everyone thinks Qarth is left without a government.Even if we exclude the rest of the ruling class in the books.... the CGI view we get, and the only only one we get , in E3, is that there is a vast amount of wealth and infrastructure still intact. Maintained by those who put it there, and that was not all the 13. (By the by there had to be heirs to the 13's wealth.) Other leaders would have arisen from the merchant class ... unless we happen to see the Pureborn at the start of season 3.No matter, the show story is not going to depart from the next novel so wildly, you can bet on that.Qarth is on the plot agenda and to Slavers Bay we must go.I just hope D and D have some solution dramatic narrative snarl presented by Feast and Dragons ... but we have two years to get to there.I never said that she sacked the city.  I said she sacked his place.  And like I said, it's all conjecture -- cause some of the changes they made I would have never imagined them doing (like the whole stupid fake plot with the Qartheen stealing their dragons and killing XXD and PP).
3263	Khal-a-bunga	2012-06-14	@jaqenhgar
Your lack of imagination and seeming inability to infer anything without having it explicitly pointed out to you is baffling. Dany's storyline wasn't about Qarth, it simply took place there. Your assumption that none of the Thirteen had any heirs (let alone subordinates who would jump at the chance to take the top spot of their previous boss), based on the fact that none were mentioned in the show, is just silly. But again, Dany's story wasn't about Qarth, it was about Dany. If you want to continue to get yourself worked up over nothing, that's your perogative, but the simple fact that something was not mentioned in the show does not mean it's a plot hole. It just wasn't mentioned; fill in the details as you like, inconsequential as they are.
3264	boojam	2012-06-14	It's all moot anyway, jaqenhghar, Dany is leaving , first thing , next season for Slaver's Bay.
3265	Thunderfist	2012-06-14	But why would she leave to head in to the unknown when she is the Queen of Qarth? She could just send word that she wanted to buy an army and the slavers would send one to her.
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 17 June 2012 - 05:22 AM.
3266	Le.Chevalier.D'Eon	2012-07-07	The Qartheen consider themselves to be very highly civilized.  They seem to value and obey their laws.  Most likely, they were not prepared for anything like this to happen.  Remember that in the books, it was considered civilized and cultured in Qarth for men to weep.  The level of violence and audacity of what Pyat Pree did probably turned that city upside-down.  They would not know how to react, except to just lock up their homes and hope the danger will pass them by.  They have household guards but may not have the stomach for more violence.  Now, that XXD and Pyat Pree are dead, they are free to select new leaders.
3267	shadowbinding shoe	2012-07-10	it's pretty obvious to me.Let's look at the timeline, assuming Doreah is somehow innocent:Dany leaves the house with XXD, Doreah, Irri and her dragons.Dany returns to find Irri dead, the dragons gone and Doreah missing.  We do not know where she has gone.Some time passes, though probably not much.  Dany heads with XXD to the 13 to complain.  Jorah goes to Quaithe, then meets up with Dany at the council.  XXD announces he and the Warlocks stole the dragons.Dany escapes to somewhere else.  Presumably XXD goes home.Doreah has been out all this time and returns back to XXD's mansion.  Irri is dead, her master gone, and the dragons gone.  Let's assume, to keep Doreah innocent, that XXD makes up a lie about Dany taking the dragons and her entire Khalasar to the House of the Undying along with the dragons and that she will never come back.  Then he offers to take care of him if he sleeps with her.  Doreah, instead of chasing after the Khaleesi, wisely stays with the rich man who can provide.Dany returns from the House of the Undying to find them in bed.  Doreah tries to explain, but decides it is fruitless.I mean, it's possible.  It's not really likely.What fits some much better?  Doreah was complicit with XXD in the theft.  That explains why she didn't go to Dany after they were stolen or Irri was killed.  It's why she didn't chase after Dany at any point between the theft and being discovered.  It's why she had no real excuse all the way in between the bed and being shut in -- why she was appealing to mercy and not claiming innocence.  It's why when she came in, it wasn't "Khaleesi!  You got your dragons back from the Warlocks!" but rather "He told me you weren't coming back."It's very cut and dry to me.Come on. From what we see the likely scenario is that Pyat Pree cloned an army of Prees out of himself and systematically slaughtered all the Dothraki Dany left there. When he reached Dany's room, Irri probably died like a fool but Dorea begged him to spear her life or more likely still, Pree had instructions from Duck-sauce to keep her for him. In any case there was nothing Dorea could have done to stop him. If she really did help him it wouldn't amount to more than the bare minimum of closing them in their cage. We see him managing just fine on his own when he carries them in their cage on his back. Where she is after that is almost certainly locked in some room where she could warn nobody about anything. Duck Sauce would have to be a moron to trust her with all his secrets before he managed to assassinate the other merchant kings and gave enough time for Pree to get the dragons secure in the HotU.Now Dorea's words do sound guilty but I would have expected Dany to ask her why she did it, even if she was sure Dorea was guilty.
3268	The Hedge Knight	2012-07-16	But why would she leave to head in to the unknown when she is the Queen of Qarth? She could just send word that she wanted to buy an army and the slavers would send one to her.Probably because that would be the biggest kick in the balls to canon since Robb's new lover or Riverrun being removed.
					
					
							Edited by The Hedge Knight, 16 July 2012 - 04:08 AM.
3269	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	Episode 10 was the last episode for Season 2, so what were the 2 Ds trying to secretly tell the book reader and the TV viewer?  What did you pick up, all you trained Westerosi residents, that maybe other people may have missed?  Or, what confused you?As much as I was disappointed by the HotU scene, I loved the fact that Dany walked into a destroyed throne room, with snow falling down and obliterating everything.  Surely even the TV watcher should catch that!  And, more important to me the book reader, was the fact that Dany gets so close to the throne, but doesn't actually touch it or even sit in it.  What distracts her?  Crying - and I couldn't tell if it was still her dragons, or was it supposed to be the baby?  I think it was the dragons.  And then she so obviously walks out of a gate in the Wall!What did you see?
3270	jons nissa	2012-06-04	from my post in the house of the undying thread:
Gogossos, on 04 June 2012 - 05:09 AM, said:
What they totally, totally failed to do was wink at us book fans. A flower at the Wall, a cloth dragon, etc. things that don't, and shouldn't, make much sense to a non-book viewer or alert them. That keeps both sides happy and it is this aspect that worries me about this year's adaptation.
jon's nissa
i think they did throw book viewers a bone. when dany sees her son in the book, he has her color hair. there's no reason for her baby not having that color hair in the show. i think that is a clear statement that targaryans can have dark hair and puts more fuel on the fire or r+l=j. i've seen some speculate that it's jon himself since she doesn't act motherly around him - just looks on. that is probably a stretch but i think this scene helps support a theory you would only know if you read the books. could they have done more? of course. but everything has to help non-viewers understand the story so in the long run this scene works for both readers and non-readers.
Rangers, on 04 June 2012 - 02:32 AM, said:
If everyone could take a step back and actually look at this scene for what it was, it actually showed a lot of stuff.
First off, notice the throne room's condition. The floor level is covered in snow and ICE while the roof looks to be burnt, as if by FIRE. Um hello? ICE and FIRE anyone?
Second, the Iron Throne is covered in snow. Dany observes it, hears her dragons, then follows their cries to the next area which is... The Wall?! Hmmm the throne covered in snow and the scene immediately following that is at the wall. Jon Snow come to anyone's mind? Could be nothing, or could be something much more
jon's nissa
i agree. the first thing i started wondering about was why the throne room looked the way it did. is this after her dragons have arrived or before she even shows up? does the fact that she doesn't touch the throne or sit on it foreshadow anything? having her leave the red keep and arrive at the wall is clearly a hint of what will happen when she finally arrives in westeros. will she arrive in king's landing only to find it ruined and told the enemy is at the wall and head north? or does it mean she will find her "family" on the other side of the wall where jon happens to be?
3271	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	I'm not sure if this scence, I won't call it vision, is realy relating to the books, I doubt it. It's more likely a poor try of showing/combining the book visions. It's highly unlikely that GRRM tell them what he gonna do, so they can spoiler us that hard
3272	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	I have read Linda's thread and have "liked" her OP, but I also remind myself constantly of what people kept beating me over the head with as the Harry Potter movies progressed - the movies are not the books.
I was really sad we didn't see the book's version of the HotU, I was looking forward to the presentation of the visions.  That none of them were there was startling, to say the least.  But I watched the episode three times last night and each time I saw Dany I enjoyed it more.  Once I could divorce my brain from the book.  My straightforward initial reading was that she is the one who will destroy KL, but Jon Snow is the one who will be king, and she will look for him at the wall.  What threw me for a loop was seeing Drogo and the baby.  It never crossed my mind the baby could be Jon, and I just don't accept that.  I think the two of them are dead and together.  I thought perhaps this was dark magic meant to try to keep her in the HotU, that she was so weak seeing Drogo and the baby would send her over the edge and trap her there.
I think that there have been many complaints about Dany's boring POVs, and the Dans have decided they will parcel out the HotU visions in some other ways, to beef up her scenes in Season 3.
3273	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	What happened in the HotU on the series is in some ways as important to me as what happened in the books. Let me start this off by making a disclaimer. There is absolutely no way that this show could have possibly done justice to the visions in my head from reading the chapter. I read it again yesterday in anticipation of the show, and about a quarter of the way through, I realized that it just couldn't really be effectively translated to a large audience. The back story hasn't been set up in the show, and the images would either reveal too much of what is to come, or be completely meaningless to an average viewer.
That said, what did happen there seemed to be very consistent with what we know about the character of Daenerys.The two most character defining things about her is that she wants her heritage and inheritance of the Iron Throne, and she wants to be loved and accepted. These are themes that have been hit on over and over in the books, and seem to be the major motivations for the character,
Yet what we see here is the denying of the things that she wants. She approaches the throne and just as she is about to grab hold, she leaves only to find herself in the arms of the one man that she truly loves and who loved her. Not only is he there, but her little Prince is there with him making it all the more difficult to walk away and leave.
What does she leave for? The cries of her children. Her dragons need her, and she sets aside all of her hopes and dreams to rescue them, only to be rescued by them in turn. This is a clarification of her as a character, and explains the reasons why she makes the decisions she makes later in the books. Why does she stay in Mereen? It is to protect what she believe to be her children.
I have little doubt that this character trait is being highlighted for a reason. When she finally makes it to Westeros, I am sure she will be faced with similar choices.
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 01:27 PM.
3274	Bearsblood8	2012-06-04	I think it's likely that the HOTU scene was meant to provide various forms of temptations to keep Dany in the HOTU, but if that was the only point, why have her enter a desolate and destroyed throne room?  Wouldn't it have been more tempting to have a throne room full of adoring subjects?  For this reason, I must believe D&D used the HOTU visions for prophecy as well.
3275	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	What happened in the HotU on the series is in some ways as important to me as what happened in the books. Let me start this off by making a disclaimer. There is absolutely no way that this show could have possibly done justice to the visions in my head from reading the chapter. I read it again yesterday in anticipation of the show, and about a quarter of the way through, I realized that it just couldn't really be effectively translated to a large audience. The back story hasn't been set up in the show, and the images would either reveal too much of what is to come, or be completely meaningless to an average viewer.<snip for space>That said, what did happen there seemed to be very consistent with what we know about the character of Daenerys.The two most character defining things about her is that she wants her heritage and inheritance of the Iron Throne, and she wants I have little doubt that this character trait is being highlighted for a reason. When she finally makes it to Westeros, I am sure she will be faced with similar choices.Very well said, IMHO.
3276	Crown	2012-06-04	Somehow I thought it was ash and not snow.
3277	Tyrion_is_Omar	2012-06-04	Somehow I thought it was ash and not snow.Some fans thinks that was snow, others that was ashes. Im not sure.But, If it was ash. I don`t think that means that Danny is going to win the throne. If  they would have wanted to show that Danny is going to win the throne, they would have showed fire(danny`s element) and not ashes . Ashes is the thing after the fire and the fact that those ashes were so similar to the snow makes me wonder.
3278	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-04	To me it's was clearly snow.
3279	irishtemper	2012-06-04	Thinking back on it, I had never thought of it in this way ever from just the books....but could any of the three mounts of Dany not be a person or animal.
Could the mount to dread be the iron throne?
Then it cut to Drogo who was the mount to bed, and then it goes to the wall where the mount to love could be located?
3280	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	Not sure if that kind of 'symbolism' is supposed to mean anything deep. Snow in the abandoned throne room obviously can mean all and nothing. All meaning say, if you don't come back in time, promised prince/Azor Ahai (which you are technically not in this series), there won't be any kingdoms left for you.
Nothing meaning nice picture without any meaning at all.
Exiting the throne room into the snows beyond the Wall could have meant a great deal - if Dany had met Jon Snow there, stating something cryptic. Instead she meets Drogo there, who has no place whatsoever in this kind of environment. Period.
There is made no connection between the dragons or Dany's role as savior in the war against the Others.
3281	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	Did anyone read Theon's speech to his men, his telling them though they will die their names will be remembered forever, as ironic foreshadowing of Theon's transformation to Reek?  Not to mention the fact I am assuming they will all be slaughtered by Ramsay.  Do you believe that Ramsay will kill all the Iron born, irrespective of the promise to let them go home?  or would HBO change that?
3282	Qwop22	2012-06-04	GRRM have told D&D how his saga will end, and the key plot points on the journey. That is known for a fact. So these visions were clearly ran by GRRM before they were put into the show. Who knows, maybe GRRM even had a hand in what they would look like? We know GRRM loves to go over things and rework them to try and reach perfection, which is why he takes so long to finish a book. If I had to guess, I would say he wanted to redo some of those HotU scenes, and chose to make new ones for the show. He may even be dropping some new clues for us hardcore fans and be hinting at how the song will end. Even though the show prophecies were not as insane and trippy as the books; and there were only three, a lot can still be taken away from those three scenes. It leaves a lot up to interpretation. I mean just look now, some people can't even make up their minds on whether or not it was snow or ash falling in the throne room. So many theories will sprout from those few minutes. Seeing as how the show left out a lot of information on Rhaegar and Lyanna, I am not surprised that one was left out. The scene of a king with a wolves head would have been too blunt. 
Dany will never get the iron throne? 
Dany will burn KL to the ground with her unruly dragons?
The Starks (snow falling) will take the iron throne and rule?
Jon will take the iron throne?
Jon will become Dany's new Khal Drogo, which is why that vision was beyond the wall?
Dany will head beyond the wall to fight the Great Other?
Dany will die fighting the great Other?
Dany will be reunited with Drogo when she dies?
The son in the scene had black hair, is it Jon?
and so on...
3283	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	I interpreted it this way:Jon Snow will lead a wrecked Westeros (snow in the throne room)She will want to be a queen instead (wanting to touch the throne), or maybe she'll want Jon himself?Then she'll be distracted by going beyond the Wall.Where she'll die. (while giving birth to a dark-haired child? by Jon? This is really stretching it. But she'll die nonetheless.)The end?Also, why did she say when the rivers run dry... Isn't the seas?  Everybody thought it was the Dothraki sea?
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 04 June 2012 - 03:20 PM.
3284	UselessOpinion	2012-06-04	I looked at her venture into the throne room as both being a temptation and as a revelation of what is to come. They could just have easily have put the tent with her child out in the Dothraki Sea, but instead they chose to put it out in the north, and there's significance to that.
I kind of see it as a vision into the future: she sees what will happen when the Long Night finally comes.
3285	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	Not sure if that kind of 'symbolism' is supposed to mean anything deep. Snow in the abandoned throne room obviously can mean all and nothing. All meaning say, if you don't come back in time, promised prince/Azor Ahai (which you are technically not in this series), there won't be any kingdoms left for you.Nothing meaning nice picture without any meaning at all.Exiting the throne room into the snows beyond the Wall could have meant a great deal - if Dany had met Jon Snow there, stating something cryptic. Instead she meets Drogo there, who has no place whatsoever in this kind of environment. Period.There is made no connection between the dragons or Dany's role as savior in the war against the Others.Oh, I don't have any doubt the snow in the throne room was meant to have meaning.  As well as the fact that Dany never as much as touches the throne.And as Holafernando Torres (lol, Euro 2012 names are killing me) says, she turns away from both the throne and her beloved Drogo to find and rescue her children, her dragons.  And since she ends up at the wall, it must foreshadow her going there.  I don't believe all visions will come true, but surely most of the posters here seem to think that's where the big battle will be in the end.
3286	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-04	I believe that Dany and Drogo will go to the Night Lands together. He's waiting for her. MMD's accidental prophecy/curse will have been fulfilled after she perhaps dies in childbirth.
I wonder if KL will get destroyed?
Perhaps Snow being on the iron throne means alludes to Jon sitting on it or it could mean that winter/the Others will reach it.
3287	Lord Elrosir	2012-06-04	Thinking back on it, I had never thought of it in this way ever from just the books....but could any of the three mounts of Dany not be a person or animal.Could the mount to dread be the iron throne?Then it cut to Drogo who was the mount to bed, and then it goes to the wall where the mount to love could be located?I would've thought the mount to dread was Drogon, the reborn Balerion the Black Dread.
3288	turdle	2012-06-04	my first impression, was that it was ash in the throne room, it's hard to say for sure. it could easily be snow, but i'm still leaning toward ash since they took such efforts to describe what happened to harrenhal a couple of episodes ago, and the roof appears to have been burned open much like harrenhal.  my interpretation of this is a bit of a warning to dany, in that, trying to take the iron throne will destroy the realm.
3289	Domelition	2012-06-04	The fact that Dany met her love at the place Jon Snow is currently guarding.  Hmmm?
3290	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	my first impression, was that it was ash in the throne room, it's hard to say for sure. it could easily be snow, but i'm still leaning toward ash since they took such efforts to describe what happened to harrenhal a couple of episodes ago, and the roof appears to have been burned open much like harrenhal.  my interpretation of this is a bit of a warning to dany, in that, trying to take the iron throne will destroy the realm.The director said it's snow in the great hall in the commentary.
3291	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	I looked at her venture into the throne room as both being a temptation and as a revelation of what is to come. They could just have easily have put the tent with her child out in the Dothraki Sea, but instead they chose to put it out in the north, and there's significance to that.I kind of see it as a vision into the future: she sees what will happen when the Long Night finally comes.First post, Useless Opinion, welcome to Westeros.  I can't stop laughing at your name, I'm not sure I'd like my posts to be labelled useless opinion, but there may be a hard core truth in that, lol!  Post often, so we can tell! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yes, I agree, Drogo and her son are there north of the Wall.  I have to take this as being meaningful and not just a red herring.
3292	Bearsblood8	2012-06-04	Does anyone think Hodor's reverent whispered "Hodor" while leaving Maester Luwin reveals a greater brilliance and subtlety than Littlefinger has shown all season?  (Not as an actor, but as a character)
To add relevance, is this foreshadowing Hodor's perceptive abilities?
					
					
							Edited by Bearsblood8, 04 June 2012 - 03:38 PM.
3293	turdle	2012-06-04	The director said it's snow in the great hall in the commentary.there's commentary already? geez. either way, i still think the roof is supposed to have been burned by her dragons.
3294	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	there's commentary already? geez. either way, i still think the roof is supposed to have been burned by her dragons.Yeah, I mean, commentary, inside the episode, whatever, I don't know which is which =) It's just the fake snow that looks like ash.
3295	UselessOpinion	2012-06-04	First post, Useless Opinion, welcome to Westeros.  I can't stop laughing at your name, I'm not sure I'd like my posts to be labelled useless opinion, but there may be a hard core truth in that, lol!  Post often, so we can tell! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yes, I agree, Drogo and her son are there north of the Wall.  I have to take this as being meaningful and not just a red herring.Thanks for the welcome /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Ya. I think the snow and the North is the most important part of that. In the book the visions mostly just highlight what is or is going to happen with the current players of The Game. It shows the red wedding, the mumur's dragon, etc.I think they opted to show the north and the destroyed throne because at that time the biggest threat to the world (the Others) has finally come out, and it's hinting that Dany is needed back in Westeros.
3296	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	Does anyone think Hodor's reverent whispered "Hodor" while leaving Maester Luwin reveals a greater brilliance and subtlety than Littlefinger has show all season?  (Not as an actor, but as a character)To add relevance, is this foreshadowing Hodor's perceptive abilities?I'll have to catch a re-run tonight and see that again.  Hodor says so little, what do you think he's saying?  Is he telling Luwin, you can trust me to look after them?  Is he telling the TV audience, Hodor's going to be here?Yeah, I mean, commentary, inside the episode, whatever, I don't know which is which =) It's just the fake snow that looks like ash.That's funny.  I can see just from this thread that people are suggesting ash, but the roof is long destroyed and the throne room is exposed to the elements.  It was perfectly clear to me that it was snow falling, not ash from a burned roof.
3297	Hasfast	2012-06-04	I am a strong believer that this show has much to see that isn't present in the books. We can have a look into characters that are only superficially staged into the scheme in the books... and events are also presented in a different manner. But this is not just some adaptation, Martin is there the whole time even if he's not personally writing all the episodes. The modifications should be taken seriously, and not just as meaningless props to both attract audiences and keep readers satisfied.I think that Quaithe's parts with Jorah are as relevant in the series, as those with her and Dany are in the books, for example. Also, the fact that at the end of the episode she discovers Xaro's vault to contain nothing, and Doreah to have betrayed her, we might understand it as the meaningful "Slayer of Lies" she gets from the Undying in the books.All the visions of the house are significant to me. It reminded me the Temple of the Thousand Doors in The Neverending Story, when Bastian has to choose his path based on his will. In this case, Dany chooses not by the "Right and Up" in the books, but by the sound of her dragons calling to her. It struck me how she refused the Throne when she heard the cries. It also struck me how she passed down and beyond the Wall, always with the symbolic presence of snow and ice (And the blasted ceiling, much like Harrenhal). I also thought that Drogo and Rhaego were there to hinder her. She remembers Mirri's foretelling and leaves an empty thing, much like the body she'd slain when she finally understood that Drogo was no more.I think this show is really giving us pieces of information that we can trust. D.R.
3298	Bearsblood8	2012-06-04	I'll have to catch a re-run tonight and see that again.  Hodor says so little, what do you think he's saying?  Is he telling Luwin, you can trust me to look after them?  Is he telling the TV audience, Hodor's going to be here?I just thought it was such an interesting subtle piece to throw in there.  Instead of his usual boisterous "Hodor" we get a quiet, assuring "hodor" softly spoken with dignity.  I think this speaks volumes to Hodor's emotional intelligence and trustworthiness.
3299	UselessOpinion	2012-06-04	I am a strong believer that this show has much to see that isn't present in the books. I agree completely. They even cleared up that Moore was Cersei's assassin. I always thought it was Littlefinger who had arranged it after Tyrion discovered him embezzling money.
3300	WinterWarrior	2012-06-04	I definitely felt the scenes with Dany in the throne room and at the Wall were meaning that she would end up there. Fire will meet Ice. Dany will meet up with Jon Snow. And during the Winter that is coming soon to Westeros, so it will be sooner and then the Spring follows.
I am not as sure what the Drogon and Rhaego scene was about, but I loved it. I am going to watch the episode again tonight to see if I can catch more. Maybe what she has lost along the way to reach her destiny - which is at the Wall?
3301	Bearsblood8	2012-06-04	I think this show is really giving us pieces of information that we can trust. D.R.I'd like to believe this, but I'm not sure I'm willing to put that much trust in the series yet.  I do believe time, effort and serious thought have gone into every change they've made in the series.  They aren't just writing wholesale changes for self-gratification. As such, I think we can cautiously analyze any prophetic scenes we get in the series
3302	Sun	2012-06-04	The throne room we saw was burnt by fire and overtaken with snow. I took that to mean that Westeros will suffer a war between Ice and Fire, with Dany on one side and the Others on the other. Both forces of destruction.  In the end, the Iron Throne will remain standing, but only as a symbol of what once was - Westeros very nearly destroyed - and that Dany will never sit on it.
Drogo and her son in a tent beyond the wall, I took to mean that Dany will die fighting the Others.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 04 June 2012 - 03:57 PM.
3303	Bearsblood8	2012-06-04	I am not as sure what the Drogon and Rhaego scene was about, but I loved it. I am going to watch the episode again tonight to see if I can catch more. Maybe what she has lost along the way to reach her destiny - which is at the Wall?Wouldn't her destiny in this case be either dead with Drogo (the last of the visions) or with her dragons, her ultimate destination in the HOTU?  Ifyou wanted to get even more metaphorical you could see her love for her "children" leading her into what feels like a binding set of chains only to be freed by this love in the end?  This might be consistent with her struggles protecting her children in Essos and her inability to abandon Mereen...
3304	Whore of Tarth	2012-06-04	I did enjoy the HOTU. It was a great little pointer towards Jon, KL and The Wall. We obviously know Aegon will be marching towards KL, i'm wondering will Dany have to choose between Aegon or Jon, when she returns? I think they will be the 3 heads, Drogon w/ Dany, Viserion with Aegon and Rhaegal with Jon. Dany will then have to choose between Aegon, at KL and Jon at The Wall. 
I also liked the LF/Sansa scene today which is forshadowing the "lie" regarding Lysa/Marillion. I also noted the nod/glance thingy between Sansa and Tyrion last  week. Really looking forward to next season. ASoS is my favourite book 
1st Post /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3305	Hasfast	2012-06-04	I'd like to believe this, but I'm not sure I'm willing to put that much trust in the series yet.  I do believe time, effort and serious thought have gone into every change they've made in the series.  They aren't just writing wholesale changes for self-gratification. As such, I think we can cautiously analyze any prophetic scenes we get in the seriesOne thing that absolutely changed my perspectives was that, when she's pleading with the Thirteenth (Who are all dead in the show, save for Xaro, and he will die soon in that vault), she says that without her, her dragons will die. I might be wrong, but Dany never says that in the books. She thinks at times that her dragons depend on her, but she never goes as far as to think that they'll perish without her... And in this episode, she's even reassured of that by Pyat Pree, when he says that Magic is strongest near the dragons, and they are strongest near her. It would seem that their survival (At least in their present state) is only possible if Dany's with them, or merely alive? Certainly, anyone could learn how to take care of dragons, albeit with the obvious susceptibility to fire... Why the strong suggestion that she's the only one capable of raising them? D.R.
3306	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	I've heard that GRRM has told DnD how the books are roughly going to end, and I fear they had a brain fart when they wrote the bit about the throne room. I think the Winter and the Others are going to overtake KL, which means she will never sit on the throne. Or something like that...
3307	King Lobster	2012-06-04	The ending shows clearly that
	Spoiler Sam is Azor Ahai / The Prince who was Promised / Warrior of Light / Son of Fire ...Gilly is Nissa Nissa
Iti»<U+00BF> is known
3308	Bearsblood8	2012-06-04	? Certainly, anyone could learn how to take care of dragons, albeit with the obvious susceptibility to fire... Why the strong suggestion that she's the only one capable of raising them? D.R.This is certainly a provocative inquiry as it calls in to question the effectiveness of Victarion's dragon horn...
3309	Im With Stannis	2012-06-04	I just dont understand why they could show Rheagar with Aegon. Dont want to hire an actor fir a speaking role? Fine, have Pyclle and Varys in the room and say the lines, and have extras play Rheagar and Elia. Ugh, it bugs me so much they didnt drop "The Prince that was Promised" or "3 heads of the dragon"
3310	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	I did enjoy the HOTU. It was a great little pointer towards Jon, KL and The Wall. We obviously know Aegon will be marching towards KL, i'm wondering will Dany have to choose between Aegon or Jon, when she returns? I think they will be the 3 heads, Drogon w/ Dany, Viserion with Aegon and Rhaegal with Jon. Dany will then have to choose between Aegon, at KL and Jon at The Wall.I also liked the LF/Sansa scene today which is forshadowing the "lie" regarding Lysa/Marillion. I also noted the nod/glance thingy between Sansa and Tyrion last  week. Really looking forward to next season. ASoS is my favourite book1st Post /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Lol, I see, I see, first post!  Welcome to Westeros, Whore of Tarth.  Erm, is that a comment on Brienne?Anyway, keep posting and always remember to have a sense of humour.  There may be times when you lose it (she said from experience). /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3311	Hasfast	2012-06-04	This is certainly a provocative inquiry as it calls in to question the effectiveness of Victarion's dragon horn...I think that Horn is a very hellish device with a very different purpose, for instance, making the dragons go into frenzy. We know of two magic horns in the books: Jormund's Horn/The Horn of Winter, and the Dragon Horn Euron supposedly recovered from The Doom (Also, is Euron the one with Quithe when Jorah goes to her to inquire about the dragons?). Melisandre arguably destroyed the Horn of Winter, although there's at least a couple of mentions of Samwell carrying a horn with him to the Citadel... and Moqorro seems to support the viability of the Dragon Horn's power... But I don't trust Moqorro at all and I think Victarion shouldn't either. D.R.
3312	corvus12	2012-06-04	I'm not sure if this belongs in this thread, but after my initial disappointing with this season and it's changes from the book, reading the posts in here makes me wonder if there is a method to their madness ?If GRRM did tellD&D  how the books will end maybe theHOTU does make sense. I don't hold out any hope that the next two books will come out in the next couple of years, but they do have to conclude the series somehow if it doesn't get renewed after the next book. Maybe they are setting up the series  for an early and maybe different (from the books) endingâ<U+0080><U+008B>I hope this makes sence.. English isn't my mother tongue.
					
					
							Edited by corvus12, 04 June 2012 - 04:33 PM.
3313	Direwolf Lager	2012-06-04	i think D&D are too dumb to foreshadow material that may appear in the Winds of Winter or A Dream of Spring. by the way season 2 was shot, i doubt GRRM told them any of the major plot points that still havent been revealed in the novels
3314	sumpthy	2012-06-04	Dany turns away from the throne when she's in touching distance to go north of the wall.
Drogo and Rhaego don't represent themselves, they represent family to Daenerys. Her family (what's left of it) is north of the wall.
snow sits on the iron throne? /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
3315	boojam	2012-06-04	Doreah fate came as complete surprise to me ... can't see it as a logical plot development.
3316	K.C.	2012-06-04	i think D&D are too dumb to foreshadow material that may appear in the Winds of Winter or A Dream of Spring. by the way season 2 was shot, i doubt GRRM told them any of the major plot points that still havent been revealed in the novelsI recall reading that he had told them how the series ended in case he doesn't finish. Of course, who knows what exactly he said.For those with HBO Go, at 22:03 (when Stannis is peering into the flames) there's a video clip of GRRM in the "special features" talking about prophecy. He says, "You never hear about all the prophecies that undoubtedly people made that didn't come true. You just hear about the ones that did come true, or that came true in some unexpected way, which is the thing you have to do if you're a fantasy writer and you're writing about prophecies. You try to pay them off in ways that the reader doesn't necessarily see coming." He then talks about how he's "had some fun" with this, using the red comet as an example since every character had their own interpretation. Nothing new for people who have been following the series, but I just find it hard to believe D&D pulled the throne room out of their asses.Of course, one of my last posts before the episode aired was to say I doubted Drogo would appear, so my own track record with prophecies is on par with Melisandre (it wasn't the real Drogo, after all!).
3317	Conchobar	2012-06-04	To me it's was clearly snow.Three words." WInter is Coming "Its a referance to Winter and what is going to happen to Westeros when it comes.
3318	Adam West	2012-06-04	Did any of you guys also notice that one of the wights had a Stark shield across his back? I find this very interesting due to the lingering Starks = others (or w/e you call it) theory.
3319	jons nissa	2012-06-04	Did any of you guys also notice that one of the wights had a Stark shield across his back? I find this very interesting due to the lingering Starks = others (or w/e you call it) theory.there's a starks = others theory???? what is it?
3320	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	No!  I will watch carefully tonight on the re-broadcast!
3321	Adam West	2012-06-04	there's a starks = others theory???? what is it?http://asoiaf.wester...ings-of-winter/ /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
3322	Died a Hero	2012-06-04	I see it as winter, not Jon Snow, has overtaken Westeros. The Stark words are thousands of years old, and I believe that people have overlooked their true meaning. They don't mean that simply winter, as a season, is coming. They mean the true cold, the Others, are eventually coming. I think they will overrun Westeros in the next two books, especially now that The Wall has been weakened from true leadership, and will cut a swath of destruction across the land. Including in Kings Landing.
I've always thought that Dany's true war has to do with the Others, and her "walking out through the other side" showed where the battleground of the fight will take place.
Or...it was a stunning visual effect that Alan Taylor came up with to help translate an message without giving away spoilers to the T.V. audience.
You know, whichever.
3323	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-04	That said, what did happen there seemed to be very consistent with what we know about the character of Daenerys.The two most character defining things about her is that she wants her heritage and inheritance of the Iron Throne, and she wants to be loved and accepted. These are themes that have been hit on over and over in the books, and seem to be the major motivations for the character,Yet what we see here is the denying of the things that she wants. She approaches the throne and just as she is about to grab hold, she leaves only to find herself in the arms of the one man that she truly loves and who loved her. Not only is he there, but her little Prince is there with him making it all the more difficult to walk away and leave.Perfection! Greatest post and summation on Dany that I've seen in a long time.
3324	daoloth	2012-06-04	I'll be blunt perhaps but this is my experience with tv production. There was NO foreshadowing whatsoever. Instead it was a smart trick the writers played on you to have you chasing the rabbit much like Lost fans did to their disappointment. This is why those visions are so vague and seemingly meaningless. A fan's mind will add anything to salvage it into a coherent story. Unless you agree that "the floor was covered with snow.... Jon Snow!" is the new black for the series. The show is a one time product much more than the books are. It is much more short-lived and intensive. If they have you waiting until the 3rd season it worked no matter how meaningless it is. If it is enough to fill the gaping plot holes - it worked too.
You want foreshadowing - go to the books. Martin has  time, medium AND the actual knowledge to foreshadow all he wants. Benioff and Weiss would have to first have Martin's storytelling talent to work with his material well (which they dont ) and then be able to think seasons ahead in a medium as rigid and unpredictable as a tv show taking into account that when they finish Dance with Dragons in a hypothetical 6th or 7th season Martin will or will not have Winds of Winter ready.  Now that would be the first ever in the history of Television instance of pure screenwriting clairvoyance.
Although as bad as this episode was the not touching the iron throne was a nice touch.
3325	Aslerys	2012-06-04	The whole HotU scene remind me of a theory I have in wich Dany would give up the Iron thone for love, after all, deep down the only thing she really wants is to be loved so if she would be force to choose between the thone and love I belive that she would choose love(or maybe I'm too optimistic /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> btw I'm not saying that Jon is her love although at this point he is the prime suspect)
This is crackpot but maybe the betrayal for love would be the the one that Dany would do to herself and her right to the throne.... /ph34r.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ph34r:' />
3326	Hasfast	2012-06-04	I'll be blunt perhaps but this is my experience with tv production. There was NO foreshadowing whatsoever. Instead it was a smart trick the writers played on you to have you chasing the rabbit much like Lost fans did to their disappointment. This is why those visions are so vague and seemingly meaningless. A fan's mind will add anything to salvage it into a coherent story. Unless you agree that "the floor was covered with snow.... Jon Snow!" is the new black for the series. The show is a one time product much more than the books are. It is much more short-lived and intensive. If they have you waiting until the 3rd season it worked no matter how meaningless it is. If it is enough to fill the gaping plot holes - it worked too.You want foreshadowing - go to the books. Martin has  time, medium AND the actual knowledge to foreshadow all he wants. Benioff and Weiss would have to first have Martin's storytelling talent to work with his material well (which they dont ) and then be able to think seasons ahead in a medium as rigid and unpredictable as a tv show taking into account that when they finish Dance with Dragons in a hypothetical 6th or 7th season Martin will or will not have Winds of Winter ready.  Now that would be the first ever in the history of Television instance of pure screenwriting clairvoyance.Although as bad as this episode was the not touching the iron throne was a nice touch.Hmmm, I thought threads like these were meant for people who actually like what HBO has been doing. If you can't trust in the creative honesty and integrity of the people behind this show, why do you watch it? D.R.
3327	Hasfast	2012-06-04	The whole HotU scene remind me of a theory I have in wich Dany would give up the Iron thone for love, after all, deep down the only thing she really wants is to be loved so if she would be force to choose between the thone and love I belive that she would choose love(or maybe I'm too optimistic /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> btw I'm not saying that Jon is her love although at this point he is the prime suspect)This is crackpot but maybe the betrayal for love would be the the one that Dany would do to herself and her right to the throne.... /ph34r.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ph34r:' />Crackpot or not, I do like it and it sounds plausible enough. After all, the Undying only say that she'll know three betrayals. Although forsaking the Throne in favour of love is not necessarily a self-betrayal. D.R.
3328	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I just thought it was such an interesting subtle piece to throw in there.  Instead of his usual boisterous "Hodor" we get a quiet, assuring "hodor" softly spoken with dignity.  I think this speaks volumes to Hodor's emotional intelligence and trustworthiness.This is OBVIOUSLY not the case. Without question, when Hodor delivers this powerful line of dialogue he is questioning the limits of his own humanity. He is expressing real concern about his capabilities as a care giver and his new found role as a medieval wheelchair. The emphasis on the last letter tells us that although terribly frightened, there is still an unrestrained hope that he can carry out his duties to his young lord. All in the word "Hodor" /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3329	Reznak mo Reznak	2012-06-04	i think D&D are too dumb to foreshadow material that may appear in the Winds of Winter or A Dream of Spring. by the way season 2 was shot, i doubt GRRM told them any of the major plot points that still havent been revealed in the novelsThey seem pretty smart to me. Whatever reasons they have I doubt lack of intelligence is one of them. No need to insult them.
3330	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	This is OBVIOUSLY not the case. Without question, when Hodor delivers this powerful line of dialogue he is questioning the limits of his own humanity. He is expressing real concern about his capabilities as a care giver and his new found role as a medieval wheelchair. The emphasis on the last letter tells us that although terribly frightened, there is still an unrestrained hope that he can carry out his duties to his young lord. All in the word "Hodor" /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Wow.  That's a pretty powerful message.
3331	rebel	2012-06-04	What I take from the visions is that obviously Dany will decide to spend another book and a half in Mereen.
3332	Aslerys	2012-06-04	Crackpot or not, I do like it and it sounds plausible enough. After all, the Undying only say that she'll know three betrayals. Although forsaking the Throne in favour of love is not necessarily a self-betrayal. D.R.I meant to say that she would be betraying everything she belived in as well as her family honor not necessarily herself as a person if you know what I mean...
3333	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	Obviously the trip through the HotU is getting all the attention, but watching tonight again, what about Stannis and Melisandre?
"You will betray the men serving you.  You will betray your family.  You will betray everything you once held dear."
"You are the son of fire.  You are the warrior of the light.  You will sweep aside this pretender and that.  You will be king."
Stannis is an unloved, dour man, who was loyal and expects loyalty in return.  He has already betrayed his wife, with Mel.  He betrayed Renly, by killing him.  He basically betrayed Robert by not telling him his suspicions about Jaime and Cersei, but these are in the past, done already.  What other family betrayals will there be?  Shireen?  He has tried to burn Edric Storm.  How will he betray the men serving him?  And what does he hold so dear, what is it he will betray?  Loyalty and honour?  He's already betrayed his god.  Will he betray Davos?
3334	JayDubya	2012-06-04	When Dany sees the frozen, snow-covered throne, I thought:  'This is what will happen to Westeros if you take the throne'.
When Dany sees the hut north of the wall, and inside it are the people she loves,  I thought 'This is where you will find happiness and joy - beyond the Wall'
When Mel told Stannis he will betray everyone, I thought 'Stannis is going to be the King of the Others'
3335	Sand11751	2012-06-04	In HotU scene, I thought the writers were trying to say Daenerys' yearning for the Iron Throne will lead to her ruin and her yearning for a family, whether children or lost Targs, will be a distraction she can't afford. Her sole purpose must be to protect those who need her most, beyond the Wall. If fire destroys wights, have her to stop lounging around and hightail it to Westeros with those fire-breathing dragons, where that undead army of white walkers is marching. The full grown dragons can be just as effective as their ancestors were on the Field of Fire.  
Poor Stannis. Melisandre is delusional and whatever he saw was what she wanted him to see. Especially telling was when he first confronted her and her entire facial expression as she's backing him says, "I fucked that one up BIGTIME! How do I salvage this?"
					
					
							Edited by Sand11751, 04 June 2012 - 09:25 PM.
3336	Hasfast	2012-06-04	This is OBVIOUSLY not the case. Without question, when Hodor delivers this powerful line of dialogue he is questioning the limits of his own humanity. He is expressing real concern about his capabilities as a care giver and his new found role as a medieval wheelchair. The emphasis on the last letter tells us that although terribly frightened, there is still an unrestrained hope that he can carry out his duties to his young lord. All in the word "Hodor" /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Hodor is suddenly elevated to a much revered and enlightened figure... The utterance of his own name, it seems, is a mantra of limitless power, much like the "Ohm"... Why have all my reading happened by me without understanding this mighty truth? I shall atone for my faults. D.R.
3337	GeorgeIAF	2012-06-05	Was it Benjen the wight on the horse ?
I really doubt it, but it just crossed my mind.
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 05 June 2012 - 02:17 AM.
3338	Kobayashi Maru	2012-06-05	The HoU was kind of anticlimatic.I must admit I was expecting something more.Maybe a glimpse of RW,but it still shows a lot.
Danny in front of IT and coming so close shows us she will get there but it will not be as fullfiling as she imagines it.It looked to me that she would become a queen of a burned and destroyed kingdom,not nice.
Also the scene at the wall to me meant that she will find her love and family at the wall.Not convinced in R+L=J so this is first semi proof that maybe she'll at least meet Jon.But IMHO it is obvious if you put two and two together,dragons=fire;fire kills wights...she'll be going to the wall.
Drakarys was dissapointing,strange angle of the camera I supose,but still ok.
I guess I don't see why get shy with foreshadowing now and give us so little of all that happened in the books in the hou when they revealed a major plot spoiler in seson one when they showed us Varys and Mopatis are bff-s.I am talking about the scene when Arya sees them in the dungens,when she hides in one of the dragon heads.In the books we don't know who she sees and shee only tells Ned one of them is a wizard or something like that.It took us a lot to find out who this wizard was (Mopatis) and to find out that Varys wants a Targ on the throne(if you accept that Aegon is real Targ,I'm still to be convinced).So they showed us a plot spoiler from the book 5 in the first season and now they are all shy about the HoU and tree treasons.
3339	StarkWard	2012-06-05	In all honesty, I wasn't thinking when I watched the HotU scene. I was just keeping an eye out for blue roses.
3340	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-05	It was noted in the House of Undying thread that when Dany first walks into the throne room there is something blue on the stained glass but it may not be the blue flower.Edit: Here are three caps.http://oi48.tinypic.com/2rc1o38.jpghttp://oi50.tinypic.com/v6i4id.jpghttp://oi50.tinypic.com/11jrjg7.jpg
					
					
							Edited by ARYa_Nym, 05 June 2012 - 05:06 AM.
3341	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	Did any of you guys also notice that one of the wights had a Stark shield across his back? I find this very interesting due to the lingering Starks = others (or w/e you call it) theory.I noticed it, but I do not think it has any connection to this theory. It might just show that some wildling who turned into a wight once stole a Stark shield or that a Stark once turned into a wight himself. No foreshadowing.About the snow in the throne room, I understood it as the message of Winter is coming. The Winter and the Others will come as far south as KL.Dany following her children's crying was to show that they are the most important for her - I think that was especially visible when she left Drogo's tent. She could have stayed in there for the illusion - that was what Pyat wanted her to do, to keep her interested in something else while he drained her life from her - but she kept following their voices. It showed that she is the most interested in taking care of her children - by which I also mean the freed slavves and other followers of her.I also think the burned roof foreshadowed her burning it through Drogon.I still wish there were a blue flower on the wall - I know it would mostly be fan service for the book-readers, but so was the mention of the Crag and family Westerling some episodes ago, and it would make more viewers happy than that one, I think.I do not know about the hidden messages of "Hodor", though, habe to rewatch and think it through before I say anything definite about it. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3342	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	It was noted in the House of Undying thread that when Dany first walks into the throne room there is something blue on the stained glass but it may not be the blue flower.Edit: Here are three caps.http://oi48.tinypic.com/2rc1o38.jpghttp://oi50.tinypic.com/v6i4id.jpghttp://oi50.tinypic.com/11jrjg7.jpgThis is just part of the window decoration, is it not? I do not think it looks like a flower, and do not think it is deliberate - as far as I can tell, the windows were always like this.
3343	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-05	This is just part of the window decoration, is it not? I do not think it looks like a flower, and do not think it is deliberate - as far as I can tell, the windows were always like this.Yes. it looks the same when Tywin walks in.
3344	lojzelote	2012-06-05	It was noted in the House of Undying thread that when Dany first walks into the throne room there is something blue on the stained glass but it may not be the blue flower.Edit: Here are three caps.http://oi48.tinypic.com/2rc1o38.jpghttp://oi50.tinypic.com/v6i4id.jpghttp://oi50.tinypic.com/11jrjg7.jpgI think it's the Sevenpointed Star.
3345	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	I think it's the Sevenpointed Star.Yup, it is. The blue part is the inner part of the star. I do not think it has any particular message hidden in it, only that Maegor's architect apparently liked colourful windows.
3346	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-05	I think it's the Sevenpointed Star.It probably is. I wonder if the Faith will still be a problem by the time she gets to KL. I don't think the image was alluding to that though.
3347	isiman	2012-06-05	Martin is there the whole time even if he's not personally writing all the episodes.  NoGRRM is not a show runner, he writes the script for an episode and is involved in the casting, that's it.
3348	Dead Viper	2012-06-05	Stannis is an unloved, dour man, who was loyal and expects loyalty in return.  He has already betrayed his wife, with Mel.  He betrayed Renly, by killing him.  He basically betrayed Robert by not telling him his suspicions about Jaime and Cersei, but these are in the past, done already.  What other family betrayals will there be?  Shireen?  He has tried to burn Edric Storm.  How will he betray the men serving him?  And what does he hold so dear, what is it he will betray?  Loyalty and honour?  He's already betrayed his god.  Will he betray Davos?Right on! I was also wondering who else he could possibly betray.. Then you mentioned Davos...When Mel told Stannis he will betray everyone, I thought 'Stannis is going to be the King of the Others'That could very well be the case.. The only way for Stannis to betray the people who are loyal to him would be as the King of the Others. Pair that with Mel's questionable talents for prophecies and misinterpreted visions which has been discussed before and it kind of makes sense. All in all. I love the show and how it diverges from the books. It's got to the point where I can't be sure what is going to happen next in the show. Fantastic season.
3349	zuziako	2012-06-05	PEOPLE
It's not that complicated. Dany reaches for the Throne, which is what she really wants, but  she hears her dragons, has a moment of doubt, but goes to them, and leaves the throne. The scene with Drogo is the same -  she is about to loose herself in this perfect dream but she hears her dragons again- and leaves Drogo. It's a test. A test which proves dragons are more important to her than the throne and her marriage. She chooses them over everything else and she doesn't allow herself to get lost along the way. She is the Mother of Dragons.
And yeah, the throne room is a ruin which may point to the fact that by the time she'll reach it Westeros will be in ruin as well. But it may also show how destructive her actions in the future may be. As for the Wall, it may mean that it's a destination she's bound to appear in. The scene rises it significance. But I wouldn't dwell on it all. The truth is the visions in the tv-show don't really tell much.
					
					
							Edited by zuziako, 05 June 2012 - 07:58 AM.
3350	Fragile Bird	2012-06-05	I would remind everyone of GRRM's famous comment about his ending being "bittersweet".  A lot of people have concentrated on the death of characters.
But, it has been pointed out, this may mean that the war will eventually be over, but much of the land will be devastated by both winter and battle.
3351	TheDarkOne	2012-06-05	I took the HotU symbolism basically like this.....
D&D knew that due to budget constraints they couldn't do anything close to the books, but they still had the sets available they used for filming the series. So why not put Dany into sets we don't normally see her in, then make them weird and people will probably discuss it to death, hey it worked with Lost, and that will keep them happy.
Take the throne room. Was it snow, ash, who knows. But it's vague enough it could be a million things, as most prophecies are.
She finds her husband beyond the wall, or maybe it's her life beyond the wall, or maybe it's her death, or maybe it's Jon Snow, or maybe it's a trap the Warlocks made. It could mean any of them, but so far it's doing exactly what it's designed to do, keep people talking.
In reality, I think it's all a red hearing that was left purposefully vague to fit with whatever happens in the books.
3352	Hasfast	2012-06-05	NoGRRM is not a show runner, he writes the script for an episode and is involved in the casting, that's it.Did I say he was running the show? No... I say that he's there all the time, certainly open as an advisor. That's one perk of having the author alive. D.R.
3353	Hasfast	2012-06-05	I took the HotU symbolism basically like this.....D&D knew that due to budget constraints they couldn't do anything close to the books, but they still had the sets available they used for filming the series. So why not put Dany into sets we don't normally see her in, then make them weird and people will probably discuss it to death, hey it worked with Lost, and that will keep them happy.Take the throne room. Was it snow, ash, who knows. But it's vague enough it could be a million things, as most prophecies are.She finds her husband beyond the wall, or maybe it's her life beyond the wall, or maybe it's her death, or maybe it's Jon Snow, or maybe it's a trap the Warlocks made. It could mean any of them, but so far it's doing exactly what it's designed to do, keep people talking.In reality, I think it's all a red hearing that was left purposefully vague to fit with whatever happens in the books.It could indeed be the case... yet I'd rather think that these guys have some integrity and respect for the audiences. If it were just for ratings, why put images that hold on to the books yet make people hate the show a little bit? The deaths and failures of loved characters, for example... or why would they use codes that only readers would find meaningful, like The Rains of Castamere, Loras riding with Renly's armor, and these very scenes in the House of the Undying? People keep giving Lost as an example of low creative integrity for the sake of profit... I keep thinking of the reasons why I never liked that show and never succumbed to my friends' suggestions that I should watch it. D.R.
3354	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	Did I say he was running the show? No... I say that he's there all the time, certainly open as an advisor. That's one perk of having the author alive. D.R.Um... except for the fact that GRRM is NOT there all the time. As a matter of fact, I don't think he made a visit to the set at all in filming the series this year. He is consulted about the show, but there are a lot of instances that he has told the producers that a change could have a major effect on his story, and they kept it anyway.I am saying this as a show apologist. I personally love the show, and I don't really mind the changes that the writers have made. I think that by and large, the show works as a phenomenal narrative in its own right. I am just saying that the fact of the matter is that the show is very much separate from the books.also... as a favor, can you turn your bold off, every time I read your posts I think that you are yelling at me.
3355	isiman	2012-06-05	Did I say he was running the show? No... I say that he's there all the time, certainly open as an advisor. That's one perk of having the author alive. D.R.A show runner is there all the time, not someone who writes a script per season.It's been told to death that this series is an HBO creature, not canon not GRRM's work.If D&D want to make a character more bitchy or more available to a wider audience they just do it, GRRM has no say in it, same story with minor plots (which actually can considerably change the experience).GRRM has bookS to write, places to be and many other projects, he is not there 24/7, that would be the only way the show would have felt faithful to the books in this season.
3356	piratesswoop	2012-06-05	i think they did throw book viewers a bone. when dany sees her son in the book, he has her color hair. there's no reason for her baby not having that color hair in the show. i think that is a clear statement that targaryans can have dark hair and puts more fuel on the fire or r+l=j.Little Rhaenys Targaryen was described as darker in complexion and looking more Dornish than Targaryen, so that's not necessarily throwing book readers a bone if they already knew it was possible for a half-Targ child to be a brunette.
3357	Hasfast	2012-06-05	Um... except for the fact that GRRM is NOT there all the time. As a matter of fact, I don't think he made a visit to the set at all in filming the series this year. He is consulted about the show, but there are a lot of instances that he has told the producers that a change could have a major effect on his story, and they kept it anyway.I am saying this as a show apologist. I personally love the show, and I don't really mind the changes that the writers have made. I think that by and large, the show works as a phenomenal narrative in its own right. I am just saying that the fact of the matter is that the show is very much separate from the books.also... as a favor, can you turn your bold off, every time I read your posts I think that you are yelling at me.A show runner is there all the time, not someone who writes a script per season.It's been told to death that this series is an HBO creature, not canon not GRRM's work.If D&D want to make a character more bitchy or more available to a wider audience they just do it, GRRM has no say in it, same story with minor plots (which actually can considerably change the experience).GRRM has bookS to write, places to be and many other projects, he is not there 24/7, that would be the only way the show would have felt faithful to the books in this season.I did express myself wrong, then... No, it was never my intention to say that he was ON the set all the time, just that he's alive and well and able for contact to offer advise and insight into his own novels. That's what I meant by saying that he's always present. Sorry if it was misunderstood.Holafernando, I'm sorry. I don't use bold, I just increase my letter size because I don't like to use the regular Arial or Verdana styles. Although even when I change it to Times, it just doesn't show that way... It puzzles me. D.R.
					
					
							Edited by Hasfast, 05 June 2012 - 12:50 PM.
3358	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	PEOPLEIt's not that complicated. Dany reaches for the Throne, which is what she really wants, but  she hears her dragons, has a moment of doubt, but goes to them, and leaves the throne. The scene with Drogo is the same -  she is about to loose herself in this perfect dream but she hears her dragons again- and leaves Drogo. It's a test. A test which proves dragons are more important to her than the throne and her marriage. She chooses them over everything else and she doesn't allow herself to get lost along the way. She is the Mother of Dragons.And yeah, the throne room is a ruin which may point to the fact that by the time she'll reach it Westeros will be in ruin as well. But it may also show how destructive her actions in the future may be. As for the Wall, it may mean that it's a destination she's bound to appear in. The scene rises it significance. But I wouldn't dwell on it all. The truth is the visions in the tv-show don't really tell much.Exactly. Since the visions are different from the book, I guess they have no other meaning but to test her. Dany sees everything she has always desired: the iron throne, Drogo etc. But then again she is mother of dragons so when she hears her children she does not linger in dreams and runs to rescue them.
3359	Hasfast	2012-06-05	PEOPLEIt's not that complicated. Dany reaches for the Throne, which is what she really wants, but  she hears her dragons, has a moment of doubt, but goes to them, and leaves the throne. The scene with Drogo is the same -  she is about to loose herself in this perfect dream but she hears her dragons again- and leaves Drogo. It's a test. A test which proves dragons are more important to her than the throne and her marriage. She chooses them over everything else and she doesn't allow herself to get lost along the way. She is the Mother of Dragons.And yeah, the throne room is a ruin which may point to the fact that by the time she'll reach it Westeros will be in ruin as well. But it may also show how destructive her actions in the future may be. As for the Wall, it may mean that it's a destination she's bound to appear in. The scene rises it significance. But I wouldn't dwell on it all. The truth is the visions in the tv-show don't really tell much.Exactly. Since the visions are different from the book, I guess they have no other meaning but to test her. Dany sees everything she has always desired: the iron throne, Drogo etc. But then again she is mother of dragons so when she hears her children she does not linger in dreams and runs to rescue them.That's an interpretation and I can't say I dislike it. It's simple and straightforward... But just a perspective, not the only one. D.R.
3360	StarkWard	2012-06-05	I for one, think it's snow. The flecks on Dany's hair surely look like snow. If it WERE ash, there'd be some black particles here and there, don't you think?
Nonetheless, I took the throne vision's meaning as Dany's conquest in Westeros will not bring her happiness. Now, it may be her biggest deam, but once she seats on the chair, she would feel like the throne room. Empty and alone.
3361	Clariana	2012-06-06	Thanks Ayra. Well the image speaks to mehttp://oi48.tinypic.com/2rc1o38.jpgThat's a blue flower inset on a flame colour rosette upon a window the colour of winter.  I'll happily take that as a proxy for the blue rose...
3362	Zod	2012-06-06	I GET IT! Craster will be Dany's lover in the future!
3363	Jaimeisnotazombie	2012-06-06	I kind of think Dany not touching the Throne is foreshadowing, that she will get "get close enough to touch it" but never take it.which would be awsome cus i dislike her very much, and she is half mad already and would be a bad queen, already is really. THis part isnt really relevent to the thread tho just my opinion.
3364	Reposado	2012-06-06	I'll be blunt perhaps but this is my experience with tv production. There was NO foreshadowing whatsoever. Instead it was a smart trick the writers played on you to have you chasing the rabbit much like Lost fans did to their disappointment. This is why those visions are so vague and seemingly meaningless. A fan's mind will add anything to salvage it into a coherent story. Unless you agree that "the floor was covered with snow.... Jon Snow!" is the new black for the series. The show is a one time product much more than the books are. It is much more short-lived and intensive. If they have you waiting until the 3rd season it worked no matter how meaningless it is. If it is enough to fill the gaping plot holes - it worked too.mm, i'm guessing they were more concerned with creating a great visual than with establishing prophecy. and i won't disparage their ability at creating visualsI just dont understand why they could show Rheagar with Aegon. Dont want to hire an actor fir a speaking role? Fine, have Pyclle and Varys in the room and say the lines, and have extras play Rheagar and Elia. Ugh, it bugs me so much they didnt drop "The Prince that was Promised" or "3 heads of the dragon"orrrr have kit harrington with silver hair as rhaegar. that would stir the fireI keep thinking of the reasons why I never liked that show and never succumbed to my friends' suggestions that I should watch it. D.R.I'm glad that you so greatly dislike a show that you never watched
3365	Strider	2012-06-06	I really think too much is being made of the HotU vsions, both in the book and in the series.  I am not yet persuaded that the visions and various prophesies in the book are meant to be taken as seriously as most readers think.  They are certainly not guides to action.  They are confusing and contradictory.  Religion thrives on them, of course--but should we trust them?  Do they truly foreshadow the future or do they deceive? 
Regarding the HBO visions, their function is totally different.  I do not see them as prophetic foreshadowings at all.  They tell us more about Dany's hidden hopes, dreams, and fears than anything else.  I think of them as temptations--temptations to give up her quest for the Iron Throne, which is precisely what the warlocks want her to do.
3366	Fragile Bird	2012-06-06	I really think too much is being made of the HotU vsions, both in the book and in the series.  I am not yet persuaded that the visions and various prophesies in the book are meant to be taken as seriously as most readers think.  They are certainly not guides to action.  They are confusing and contradictory.  Religion thrives on them, of course--but should we trust them?  Do they truly foreshadow the future or do they deceive?Regarding the HBO visions, their function is totally different.  I do not see them as prophetic foreshadowings at all.  They tell us more about Dany's hidden hopes, dreams, and fears than anything else.  I think of them as temptations--temptations to give up her quest for the Iron Throne, which is precisely what the warlocks want her to do.I've said this before - I think GRRM has used his prophecies and foreshadowing techniques in both a beguiling and taunting manner.  There is so much foreshadowing in the books, and yet you could do a whole thread on hints he drops that turn out not to be foreshadowing.  When you open a series with a scene of a direwolf choked to death by an antler shoved down it's throat, and you see what has happened to the Starks by the end of AGOT, your mind is wide open to trying to interpret and understand the things you are reading.While book and HBO are radically different, I don't think the 2 Ds are indifferent to this fact.  They are, after all, lovers of the books themselves, and while they can't do in the TV series the things that are done in the books, I think we can give them credit for the 2 major prophecy scenes in Episode 10, Dany's, and Stannis and Mel.  What GRRM can do in pages of description they need to do far more succinctly, which is what I believe they've succeeded in doing.  IMHO.I would like to hear more opinions about Stannis and Mel!
3367	Britanicus	2012-06-06	Does anyone think Hodor's reverent whispered "Hodor" while leaving Maester Luwin reveals a greater brilliance and subtlety than Littlefinger has shown all season?  (Not as an actor, but as a character)To add relevance, is this foreshadowing Hodor's perceptive abilities?Hodor.
3368	tearloch	2012-06-06	I definitely like the discussion here.  I think much of the symbolism is important, such as snow and burnt thrown room, Dany finding her love North of the Wall, etc.
As far as the significance, I guess my theory goes like this:
Much of this series deals with things in 3s.  3 treacheries, 3 mounts, 3 heads, 3, 3, 3......  In the HoU scene, Dany is presented with three choices.  She is presented with achieving her amibitions (the Iron Throne), with love (Drogo and child), and with duty (the Dragons).  She turns away from ambition and finds love.  She turns away from love for duty.  Her duty is to protect the realm with her dragons.  That is why she was able to hatch the dragons when no one else could.  It is her destiny, and she will be tested.  Maybe her being chained up after she finds her dragons symbolizes that she is bound to this destiny, and must see it through to be free.  I also think its important that she finds her love north of the wall.
While I understand GRRM didn't write the screen plays, I also think he has some say in shaping them.  He does write an episode each season, so its absurd to think that he isn't in on what happens in the other episodes.  You can't write an episode of a series in a vacuum.  He has to know what changes were made in the previous episodes and what is planned for future ones to prevent his writing from being disjointed from the rest of the eipisodes.
3369	tearloch	2012-06-06	Thanks Ayra. Well the image speaks to me http://oi48.tinypic.com/2rc1o38.jpg That's a blue flower inset on a flame colour rosette upon a window the colour of winter. I'll happily take that as a proxy for the blue rose...The reason I don't mind the blue flower missing is that it has not been introduced anywhere in the show.  It is meaningless to the show audience.  Heck, I read the series twice before I came on here and learned that the blue rose is some kind of super symbol.  Even going back and reading it a third time, I still read snippets about it and shrug....  In the end, as long as the show and the books end up at the same points, I don't think it really matters.  Some parts of the books will be better, due in large part to the amount of back story that we get in the books, but quite honestly, some parts of the show will be better.  For instance, I think how D&D handled Arya this season was brilliant.  Sure, we missed hot weasel soup.  But I think the show has given her more reason to use the coin and go to the Faceless men than the book did (which was really a leap of faith on her part, having no idea what she was in for).  No she will be on a mission of vengenence, instead of a lost child running from a war that just happens to fall in with an assassin training school.
3370	Strider	2012-06-06	A year ago I wrote the following on this forum:Do not trust the prophecies. They deceive, they mislead. Like all the religions in this world, the prophesies are but the imaginative inventions of a humanity that craves a transcendence that does not exist. Ultimately religion is aligned with death and empowered by propitiation and murder. Azor Ahai creates Lightbringer by slaying his wife. R'hilor and the Great Other are not two distinct deities: they will turn out to be the same God. Light is darkness; darkness is light. Fire is ice; ice, fire. Humanity is doomed. The Others win. The dragons win. It doesn't matter. There is only suffering and death.Now I admit I was in a pessimistic mood at the time.  I also wrote in that comment that I think Martin is deconstructing the fantasy genre.  I may be wrong about this, and I'm less confident about it now than I was a year ago; but for the moment I'm sticking with my opinion.  The prophesies are in Martin's fictional world because people in that world invent them to give themselves hope in a world that is doomed to suffering, failure, and death.  They are always ambiguous enough to allow any sort of interpretation.  They cannot be disproven.  But they can be used to manipulate, as we see with Meleisandre.  And the prophesies are in Martin's fictional world because that's what fantasy readers want, because that is an expectation of the genre Martin is deconstructing.  We love to spend hours and hours trying to decipher them.  We want to believe they truly foretell the future, just as Stannis wants to believe, just as Meleisandre wants to believe, just like most people want to believe.  The strongest objection to my theory, though, is greensight.  Do the greenseers really see the future?
3371	Faceless Sam	2012-06-06	To me it's was clearly snow.winter is coming, yo.
3372	dreamcatcher	2012-06-06	Thanks Ayra. Well the image speaks to mehttp://oi48.tinypic.com/2rc1o38.jpgThat's a blue flower inset on a flame colour rosette upon a window the colour of winter.  I'll happily take that as a proxy for the blue rose...This is not a blue rose, it's just random window decoration. See this photo of Ned with the same window behind him:http://static.tvfana...oom_518x306.jpgI love the theory that Stannis will be the king of Others.
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 06 June 2012 - 11:10 AM.
3373	Fragile Bird	2012-06-06	Hodor.Welcome to Westeros, Britanicus, first post!  Do you feel braver now that you've taken the plunge?  I hope so! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I hope you participate in every section of the forum, and as I say to everyone, keep a sense of humour!  It can be your best friend.  Hodor!
3374	Fragile Bird	2012-06-06	A year ago I wrote the following on this forum:Now I admit I was in a pessimistic mood at the time.  I also wrote in that comment that I think Martin is deconstructing the fantasy genre.  I may be wrong about this, and I'm less confident about it now than I was a year ago; but for the moment I'm sticking with my opinion.  The prophesies are in Martin's fictional world because people in that world invent them to give themselves hope in a world that is doomed to suffering, failure, and death.  They are always ambiguous enough to allow any sort of interpretation.  They cannot be disproven.  But they can be used to manipulate, as we see with Meleisandre.  And the prophesies are in Martin's fictional world because that's what fantasy readers want, because that is an expectation of the genre Martin is deconstructing.  We love to spend hours and hours trying to decipher them.  We want to believe they truly foretell the future, just as Stannis wants to believe, just as Meleisandre wants to believe, just like most people want to believe.  The strongest objection to my theory, though, is greensight.  Do the greenseers really see the future?I guess the answer to that is "bittersweet".  Think of the misery people went through in the dark ages, and pretty well every period after that. Um, before that, too.  Somewhere along the way, someone first said the words "Life's a bitch and then you die", something I quote quite often.  But my personal guiding principle has always been "When life hands you a bowl of lemons, make lemonade".  GRRM is going to show us a pretty grim picture of the human condition,  but he is also (I hope and trust) going to show us how people deal with it.  And there certainly seem to be prophets in his world that we need to pay attention to.And yes, I think the greenseers do actually see things we don't.
3375	BigWilleyStyle	2012-06-06	This is not a blue rose, it's just random window decoration. See this photo of Ned with the same window behind him:http://static.tvfana...oom_518x306.jpgI love the theory that Stannis will be the king of Others.So does anyone have any theory why that Window seemed to be highlighted in Dany's vision. The director made sure that Dany was focused on it when she entered the throne room.  Everything else was either burnt or covered with Snow
3376	teemo	2012-06-06	Sorry that I haven't read through all of this and don't know if it's been mentioned, but what about Ros grabbing Varys' junk to find nothing there?  Do you think this totally debunks the theory that Varys is pretending to be a eunuch?
3377	Brave Danny Flint	2012-06-06	PEOPLEIt's not that complicated. Dany reaches for the Throne, which is what she really wants, but  she hears her dragons, has a moment of doubt, but goes to them, and leaves the throne. The scene with Drogo is the same -  she is about to loose herself in this perfect dream but she hears her dragons again- and leaves Drogo. It's a test. A test which proves dragons are more important to her than the throne and her marriage. She chooses them over everything else and she doesn't allow herself to get lost along the way. She is the Mother of Dragons.And yeah, the throne room is a ruin which may point to the fact that by the time she'll reach it Westeros will be in ruin as well. But it may also show how destructive her actions in the future may be. As for the Wall, it may mean that it's a destination she's bound to appear in. The scene rises it significance. But I wouldn't dwell on it all. The truth is the visions in the tv-show don't really tell much.I agree the tv show is giving viewers just enough of a carrot to dangle with Dany's HoTU visions without making it too complicated for people who have not read the books.A Song of Ice and Fire: what this means with Jon and Dany, the connection with Dany and The Wall and Jon, her eventual return to Westeros is still just as speculated by fans 5 books in. We still have no actual concrete evidence of anything that will unfold.....yet and that is 16 years of reading. In the tv show The HoTU, less than 5 minutes of an entire scene, cannot support the sheer weight of Dany's visions in the books. The show has had to strip a lot of things out in so many other areas to get to the point and move the plot forward, with enough exposition to allow viewers to keep up with multiple story lines.The HoTU would have always been a difficult scene to bring to life, not least because the visions Dany sees have not been explained, or revealed yet, by any other characters/stories, within the current 20 episodes. The viewers that have not read the books would have found this hard to relate to without a back story or a bigger perspective of the immediate history of Westeros (during and prior to Robert's rebellion). I think D&D have done just enough with the HoTU scene to alert viewers of Dany's significance in the outcome of Westeros. I don't think D&D gambled/made a rash decision on it. I also don't completely put all of my stock by it. Sorry if I waffled, the ultimate point I am making is that the tv-show doesn't reveal anything that we (the fans of the book) haven't already speculated and possibly figured out as yet. What it did do was hammer home to viewers, who haven't read the book, to re-identify Daenerys Targaryen with Westeros and, possibly, what her role in its future will be.
3378	Dunnii	2012-06-06	that window decoration in King's Landing is also fire and ice (blue and red).
3379	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	I saw a new interpretation on tumblr:Dany canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be on the Iron Throne without SNOWâ<U+0080>¦she has to go to the Wall in order to meet himâ<U+0080>¦and in him she will find what she thought she had lost forever (symbolized by Drogo and Rhaego)So romantic! /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />Credit:http://missingthebetterhalfofme.tumblr.com/post/24476548753
3380	jarl the climber	2012-06-06	A year ago I wrote the following on this forum:Now I admit I was in a pessimistic mood at the time.  I also wrote in that comment that I think Martin is deconstructing the fantasy genre.  I may be wrong about this, and I'm less confident about it now than I was a year ago; but for the moment I'm sticking with my opinion.  The prophesies are in Martin's fictional world because people in that world invent them to give themselves hope in a world that is doomed to suffering, failure, and death.  They are always ambiguous enough to allow any sort of interpretation.  They cannot be disproven.  But they can be used to manipulate, as we see with Meleisandre.  And the prophesies are in Martin's fictional world because that's what fantasy readers want, because that is an expectation of the genre Martin is deconstructing.  We love to spend hours and hours trying to decipher them.  We want to believe they truly foretell the future, just as Stannis wants to believe, just as Meleisandre wants to believe, just like most people want to believe.  The strongest objection to my theory, though, is greensight.  Do the greenseers really see the future?I think greensight is more rationaly based. Predictions about the future are derived from a more perfect understanding of what happened in the past.
3381	Howdyphillip	2012-06-06	So does anyone have any theory why that Window seemed to be highlighted in Dany's vision. The director made sure that Dany was focused on it when she entered the throne room.  Everything else was either burnt or covered with SnowThat is your imagination the camera is not at all focused on the window in this shot. The focus point is on the back of Emilia Clark's head. You and others are probably drawn to it because of the contrasting colors.If the director was really trying to portray a character noticing something, then they would have put a tight focus on that thing they were noticing .
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 06 June 2012 - 08:01 PM.
3382	Fragile Bird	2012-06-06	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
Good point.
3383	Zod	2012-06-07	i think D&D are too dumb to foreshadow material that may appear in the Winds of Winter or A Dream of Spring. by the way season 2 was shot, i doubt GRRM told them any of the major plot points that still havent been revealed in the novelsWhat are you talking about? D&D are one of the few people that know how the series will end.
3384	Jayce	2012-06-07	First impression:
The others will take over Westeros, at least as far as Kings Landing - Thats what the ruined throne room with snow coming down made me think of. I wondered if it was snow or ash, and looked for this in the last scene before she turns away from the throne, the background is definitely snow and not ash (imho).
Dany will not rule Westeros - Thats what her not touching the Iron Throne made me think of.
Dany will die north of the wall - thats what the tent with Drogo and her son made me think of.
After reading most of the posts here I missed some other hints, one being that the snow in the Throne room hints at the Starks ruling (well Jon) but I'm not sure of that. I am convinced it was snow as I specifically looked for this in the scene. I also missed the warning about taking the throne will destroy westeros, but then I think the Others will do this.
I'm very glad they changed this scene from the books, I think the book scenes would of made some things way too obvious or been completely lost in translation. These new scenes were like water to dying man (one in a desert, dying of thirst), glad to have something new to think of before the next book is out!
3385	Hoya Karsa Orlong	2012-06-07	That is your imagination the camera is not at all focused on the window in this shot. The focus point is on the back of Emilia Clark's head. You and others are probably drawn to it because of the contrasting colors.If the director was really trying to portray a character noticing something, then they would have put a tight focus on that thing they were noticing .I agree that the blue 7 pointed star is probably just coincidence.  It is the front window to the right of throne (when facing the throne) and as pointed out has always been blue.  The one behind the throne has a red center - you can see it in blackwater when Cer and Tom are waiting on the throne.  But it is odd that it was the only window unbroken in Danys vision when all the others appear destoryed.  So I would like to think they left it in as a bit of fan service, but it is not supposed to be cannon (for either the show or the books).
3386	Hoya Karsa Orlong	2012-06-07	PEOPLEIt's not that complicated. Dany reaches for the Throne, which is what she really wants, but  she hears her dragons, has a moment of doubt, but goes to them, and leaves the throne. The scene with Drogo is the same -  she is about to loose herself in this perfect dream but she hears her dragons again- and leaves Drogo. It's a test. A test which proves dragons are more important to her than the throne and her marriage. She chooses them over everything else and she doesn't allow herself to get lost along the way. She is the Mother of Dragons.And yeah, the throne room is a ruin which may point to the fact that by the time she'll reach it Westeros will be in ruin as well. But it may also show how destructive her actions in the future may be. As for the Wall, it may mean that it's a destination she's bound to appear in. The scene rises it significance. But I wouldn't dwell on it all. The truth is the visions in the tv-show don't really tell much.I get this point generally, but something still does not sit right with me about the visions.  This is the first time D&D have foreshadowed something that happens in future on the TV show for something major that has not happened in the books.  If the visions were just traps/test to keep her at the HOTU then why show the Drogo in a hut north of the wall?  Dany has never been there, does not know what the wall looks like. Why not just a hut in the Dothraki sea where she was arguably happiest with Drogo? It was choice to pick north of the wall.  The strong implication being she will go there at some point.  Although it seems obvious that she will have to go there - I am not sure I can think of any book prophecy that says she does.  Further, she repeats the MMD curse/prophecy (changing it to "rivers" instead of "sea" and leaving out the when your womb quickens and bear a living child part again- I still dont know why).  So in my mind either the vision does mean something more than just - the Wall is important to Dany (which is arguably outside the books still) - or its just not the greatest storytelling.Similiarly - for the Red Keep.  Dany has not seen or realistically ever remember being there.  If the goal was to show her that her greatest desire (reclaiming her birthright) was literally not worth pursuing so stay at the lovely HOTU - then why show it ruined instead of filled with a vision of her mad father burning ned starks dad which would make the throne repugnant and still be closer to the book?  Conversely should it not have been gorgeous with the people of Westoros chanting her name if it was supposed to entice her to stay?  So I think the vision means something beyond the HOTU trap.  My view is they used the HOTU visions to reinforce to viewers that the true battle is north of the wall and the iron throne is pointless - echoing the next scene with the White Walking Dead at the fist. In sum, I do think the visions work well for the TV show, I think they are foreshadowing/prophecy.  I think they are not cannon to the books. Somewhat tangential - Overall I still think that the story cant be Dany + Jon as king and queen of westeros defending the realm against the others while Frodo Bran throws the ring of power in to Mt. Doom wargs into the land of always winter to defeat the heart of winter.  My wild ass guess is I think Dany is much more destructive than she thinks and everything she touches turns to ash eventually.  Ice and Fire fight, but not to protect the realm but to consume it, which they largely do.  Davos and Rickon emerge from Skagos to repopulate the world where magic has consumed itself, leaving the world empty for man.
3387	FiveByeSeven	2012-06-07	This is going to be a non-House of the Undying post, since the thread name covers the whole episode.
When Maester Luwin advised Theon, "you're not the man you're pretending to be. Not yet," I got chills. Brilliant foreshadowing for the next dark chapter in Theon's arc.
3388	Fragile Bird	2012-06-07	This is going to be a non-House of the Undying post, since the thread name covers the whole episode.When Maester Luwin advised Theon, "you're not the man you're pretending to be. Not yet," I got chills. Brilliant foreshadowing for the next dark chapter in Theon's arc.Yes, that's what I thought too.  The beauty of the statement, like all great foreshadowing, is that it can be just taken at face value.  Hopefully some viewers who haven't read the books will remember it next year.  But I bet they show the comment in start-of-season 3 re-caps.
3389	Fragile Bird	2012-06-07	Somewhat tangential - Overall I still think that the story cant be Dany + Jon as king and queen of westeros defending the realm against the others while Frodo Bran throws the ring of power in to Mt. Doom wargs into the land of always winter to defeat the heart of winter.  My wild ass guess is I think Dany is much more destructive than she thinks and everything she touches turns to ash eventually.  Ice and Fire fight, but not to protect the realm but to consume it, which they largely do.  Davos and Rickon emerge from Skagos to repopulate the world where magic has consumed itself, leaving the world empty for man.Have you seen this thread HKO?  You may enjoy participating in the discussion.http://asoiaf.wester...90#entry3263490
3390	Hoya Karsa Orlong	2012-06-07	Have you seen this thread HKO?  You may enjoy participating in the discussion.http://asoiaf.wester...90#entry3263490excellent thank you.
3391	FiveByeSeven	2012-06-07	Gonna throw my hat in here. This thread is such fun to read. It actually appreciates the HoTU in the show, instead of being a collection of rants about how it ruined what was in the book.
Seeing Dany finally step into the throne room was stunning. My first take was that the blasted throne room was a possible future wherein Dany and her full-grown dragons have laid waste to the realm. It felt like a strong callback to the season-long thread of how Harrenhal was destroyed by dragons. The roof even looked like it was burned by dragonfire, the same way Harrenhal looks. 
Alternately, it looked like a future where Winter had finally come, and obliterated every living thing in the realm, rendering the war and the game of thrones pointless. This ties in with the finale's final scene, with the White Walkers unleashing their undead hordes in force. 
I never considered that the vision of the Wall was a prophecy. I felt like the writers took this opportunity to place Dany in settings where she may even never set foot in the story, i.e. King's Landing and the Wall. 
I'm enjoying this thread. Glad to see viewers unpacking and appreciating what the writers gave us. Thank you for not griping!
3392	Fragile Bird	2012-06-07	Gonna throw my hat in here. This thread is such fun to read. It actually appreciates the HoTU in the show, instead of being a collection of rants about how it ruined what was in the book.<snip>I'm enjoying this thread. Glad to see viewers unpacking and appreciating what the writers gave us. Thank you for not griping!Positive feedback! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />It's such a pleasure when we can all look at an episode like this and talk with enthusiasm about we saw.  We don't have to agree with each other, just enjoy our opinions!
3393	Brave Danny Flint	2012-06-07	Gonna throw my hat in here. This thread is such fun to read. It actually appreciates the HoTU in the show, instead of being a collection of rants about how it ruined what was in the book.Seeing Dany finally step into the throne room was stunning. My first take was that the blasted throne room was a possible future wherein Dany and her full-grown dragons have laid waste to the realm. It felt like a strong callback to the season-long thread of how Harrenhal was destroyed by dragons. The roof even looked like it was burned by dragonfire, the same way Harrenhal looks.Alternately, it looked like a future where Winter had finally come, and obliterated every living thing in the realm, rendering the war and the game of thrones pointless. This ties in with the finale's final scene, with the White Walkers unleashing their undead hordes in force.I never considered that the vision of the Wall was a prophecy. I felt like the writers took this opportunity to place Dany in settings where she may even never set foot in the story, i.e. King's Landing and the Wall.I'm enjoying this thread. Glad to see viewers unpacking and appreciating what the writers gave us. Thank you for not griping!The bit in bold I had not considered before, that is a fresh perspective. The visions could be highlighting that Dany will never reach Westeros at all, her dragons will lead her down a different path, they call her back repeatedly during her vision: from the iron throne and from her husband and son beyond the wall. Where her dragon will lead her in book 6 and beyond is anyone's guess. I do hope that her going beyond the wall means that she will eventually get their though. For good or for worse it will be thrilling to see what happens when Dany finally gets to go home.....
3394	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-07	A lot of great ideas here. 
I liked the HotU scene.  I had re-read the scene a few weeks ago and in the first door Dany sees those rat-things raping and eating a woman.  When I read that, I was thought yeah, they're not going to do this.  So I wasn't expecting a literal scene.  And I think for viewers, the image of a man with a wolf's head would have been waaaay too obvious.  I've read many people on this forum complaining about the fact that they might be getting spoiled with what D&D are showing (a position I find utterly preposterous.  A spoiler is "hey, at the end of book 6 Snape kills Dumbledore."  That is a spoiler.  Foreshadowing isn't a spoiler.  I wonder if when they read the Red Wedding if they yelled "UGH!  That was so spoiled in the House of the Undying!"  I doubt it. - but I digress)
Where was I?  Oh, I took the condition of the Red Keep to mean that winter has consumed Westeros, which I think it will.  I think Dany will set out from Essos with purpose, confidence, and fire (literally and figuratively), she will get to the shores and her shoulders will drop, it will be a broken and battered place, occupied by a frozen enemy.  As the scene played out though, I made the connection of Fire and Ice.  And I that's the main point.  A surrogate for Rhaegar's quote.  Like all good conspiracy theories, they gave us just enough to give us a vague idea but not enough to grasp on to anything solid.
Lastly, I really liked the zombie horde scene and liked how the white walker looked on his dead horse.  But why was it so bright out?  Someone on this thread, can't recall the name, has his avatar as a closeup of the WW from the ep a little darker than they appeared in the episode and it looks effing great.  Maybe my screen was too bright, but, with all the talk about how they only come in the long night, no love of the sun, they came in what looked like the middle of the afternoon.  At least make the blizzard a little thicker or something.  If it was dusk, or a just a little darker I think that scene would have been truly great.
3395	FiveByeSeven	2012-06-08	I really liked the zombie horde scene and liked how the white walker looked on his dead horse.  But why was it so bright out?  Someone on this thread, can't recall the name, has his avatar as a closeup of the WW from the ep a little darker than they appeared in the episode and it looks effing great.  Maybe my screen was too bright, but, with all the talk about how they only come in the long night, no love of the sun, they came in what looked like the middle of the afternoon.  At least make the blizzard a little thicker or something.  If it was dusk, or a just a little darker I think that scene would have been truly great.Dramatic license. Until that point, the Walkers have been kept in shadows with only the vaguest hint of detail. It was also symbolic of how the detached they were from the realm as even the blinking idea of a threat.Now we have that breathtaking, full-body, in-your-face reveal of a White Walker astride a zombie horse, staring the viewer in the face. D&D commented they couldn't think of a better way to end the season, and to put an exclamation mark to the True Threat beyond the wall.(I hope they include the wight polar bears at the Fist! That would catapult the insanity to unimagined levels.)
					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 08 June 2012 - 12:31 AM.
3396	Boromir-Bloodstorm	2012-06-08	My straightforward initial reading was that she is the one who will destroy KL.But the throne room was burnt ALREADY when she got there. If she were to destroy it and that were the message, there might have been something in there that gave a hint of Dothraki presence or the sort?Let's not forget, the drama never once said that these were visions of the future. As far as the drama is concerned, she was just tripping in a fantasy. I'm not entirely sure these things have any meaning at all.
3397	Fragile Bird	2012-06-08	But the throne room was burnt ALREADY when she got there. If she were to destroy it and that were the message, there might have been something in there that gave a hint of Dothraki presence or the sort?Let's not forget, the drama never once said that these were visions of the future. As far as the drama is concerned, she was just tripping in a fantasy. I'm not entirely sure these things have any meaning at all.But going in the HotU is supposed to be a revealing experience is it not?  Not just fantasy?
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 08 June 2012 - 04:06 PM.
3398	koststerg	2012-06-08	Two things
1) when Dany is in the throne room, she looks up and sees something like a spider web with a spider on it. I don't remember if that thing is normally there from previous shots of the room but if it is not then it could imply that Kings Landing is destroyed by the Others or that it will be a major battle scene between the Others and Dany 
2) Melisandre tells Stanis he is AA and that he will betray his family and his men in order to win. I think this will be true but for the real AA which I think is Jon (George has said that Jon's story will have some darker turns or something like that)
3399	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-06-08	I don't mind them not having the visions that where in the books. even though I really wanted to see them. While it would have been cool to see the blue rose at the wall but the signifagence would have been lost since we never got the TOJ. Also part of the fun of speculating is that dany doesn't recognize the people she see. But since we don't see the visions through her pov the vision of Stannis with really blue eyes( at least I think it's him) wouldn't have been as mysterious.
TBH I thought what we got was really good. Another way you can interpret the snow on the iron throne besides it being Jon is that once winter comes the Iron Throne ain't gonna mean shit.
3400	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-08	Dramatic license. Until that point, the Walkers have been kept in shadows with only the vaguest hint of detail. It was also symbolic of how the detached they were from the realm as even the blinking idea of a threat.Now we have that breathtaking, full-body, in-your-face reveal of a White Walker astride a zombie horse, staring the viewer in the face. D&D commented they couldn't think of a better way to end the season, and to put an exclamation mark to the True Threat beyond the wall.(I hope they include the wight polar bears at the Fist! That would catapult the insanity to unimagined levels.)First off, 110% yes about wight polar bears.  I had forgotten about that and now that you bring it up, I'm really hoping for it.  Second, while I completely understand what you're saying, and my breath was certainly taken, it just didn't seem to fit the mythology that was set up for them.  This show will probably be somewhere between 6 to 8 seasons (I hope) assuming the rating stay as high as they are.  So the end of season 2 represents, roughly, the end of Act I.  And at the end of Act I's, we get a massive event, and this was that event and I loved it.  And you're absolutely right in using the word detached to describe them in relation to the story.  The whole episode was great GoT political intrigue, etc. Even Dany's brush with magic/insanity was set up.  We knew she was going to a house of warlocks, we expected some weird shit to go down.  But that only set you up to be slapped across the face by the WWs having that come out of no where.  I guess my point is having a little more snow whipping around or having maybe even one hour maybe even a half hour darker wouldn't have obscured them by much, just fit the mythology they are supposed to occupy.  Or maybe I'm masochistic and just like being withheld from.Lastly, Fragile Bird, it seems no one is taking you up on your call to discuss Stannis and Mel, so I will.  I love Dillane as Stannis.  Ever since he had Matthos (?) take 'beloved' out of the letter I have been in his corner.  Even though I knew Stannis was going to lose the Blackwater, I was cheering for him every step of the way.  I read an interesting review that I'll quote a little.  He says that when Stannis is staring into the flame, it was his favorite moment of the episode because: "all of us are standing there with him, sucking in our collective breath, and getting ready for the plunge to come."  Later he elaborates a little and says basically that in that scene, Mel is a sort of surrogate for the writers and they're talking to the audience.  Her asking him to see what's coming was D&D kind of saying "you think you know?"  Then they ended the episode with a zombie horde, confirming that, no, non book readers, don't even try to predict where this is going.  FiveByeSeven's insanity catapult comes to mind.	 As to the foreshadowing, I don't really know what Mel meant by saying he would betray everything and I stopped trying to predict GRRM a long time ago.  I can see where some would take that as a hint of him becoming the Night's King.  Maybe she was speaking more cryptically, as she does, and meant he will betray who he used to be as a man stomping his foot on the ground claiming that a metal chair is his "by rights."  That he will become something more.  That in betraying that man, he will become the one who "saves the realm to win the throne" instead of "winning the throne to save the realm" as Davos tells him.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 08 June 2012 - 06:49 PM.
3401	Honey Badger	2012-06-08	I like what the scene alludes to, and in a way it's more powerful than the visions found in the books.  The roof is burned and open, and snow and ash fall down.  It's cold and you can hear dragons screaming in the background.  She never actually touches the throne.  Then it moves to the Wall.
I think this means Dany and Jon take the throne, but expect a Pyrrhic victory.  Everything Dany touches turns to ash.  Jon taking the throne will be blasphemy, as did any Lord Commander who decided to play the game of thrones.  I think they'll die reigning an empty husk of a kingdom.  Winter will come, and the undead will cleanse the world.  Man will return, but it will be different.  The throne room scene is essentially D&D showing us a nuked world.
3402	Honey Badger	2012-06-08	Another way to look at the throne room is "his was the song of Ice and Fire."  We see both elements co-mingled.  And Dany and Drogo's baby scene was showing the prince that was promised.
3403	Harland Flint	2012-06-10	At first I did not like the HotU visions, because I was very looking forward to a vision of the RW, subtly changed to make it less obvious. After reading people's interpretations of the throne room and the Wall, I'm happier.
Sorry if this has been mentioned, but I wanted to add my alternate interpretation of the throne room vision.
The throne room represents Dany's inner psychological state. Her motivation to take Westeros is to find a home and family; this is why she approaches the Iron Throne in the vision. However, she is uncertain that it will be the home she was promised, she has doubts. She begins to realise that she already has a family, her dragons (which explains the five minute scene in episode 8). This is why she hesitates to touch the throne, the sound of her Dragon family, and the memory of her lost family with Drogo lure her away. Dany must let go of these things if she is to claim the throne.
Why did she go to the Wall? I have nfi. I hope this stimulates a few people's conspiracy organs /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3404	Fragile Bird	2012-06-10	Harland Flint, I think she went to the Wall because she and Jon Snow need to work together.  Half the time I think there will be a great epic battle at the Wall, and the other half of the time I think the Others will sweep down as far south as the Trident, and the battle will be there.  But both Dany and Jon will play roles.
3405	Strider	2012-06-10	This has been a very good thread.  Instead of the incessant complaining about the changes the HBO writers have made, folks have tried to interpret and appreciate Dany's HBO-visions on their own terms.
Personally, I do not believe that they are prophetic foreshadowings at all.  I think they tell us something about her inner state and perhaps function as tests or temptations. 
Perhaps not yet mentioned (though I may have missed it) is that role of the Warlocks here.  The visions are given to her precisely by the Warlocks who intend to imprison her.  Hence they must serve in some way to break her will and spirit.  They want her to accept her imprisonment, for the sake of her dragons.  But of course they do no such thing.
As far as visions in Martin's book that foreshadow the future, as I mentioned in my previous comment, they are so ambiguous and so open to any interpretation they are virtually meaningless.  Except in one sense--priests, priestesses, magicians, politicians, and anyone else in Westeros who seeks to gain power can and will exploit them to advance their power.  They are very seductive--witness all the time and energy devoted to this theme by the readers of the books.  I really believe that in the end we will discover that they have been duped, just like all the characters in Martin's books who took them seriously.
3406	Fragile Bird	2012-06-10	Lastly, Fragile Bird, it seems no one is taking you up on your call to discuss Stannis and Mel, so I will.  I love Dillane as Stannis.  Ever since he had Matthos (?) take 'beloved' out of the letter I have been in his corner.  Even though I knew Stannis was going to lose the Blackwater, I was cheering for him every step of the way.  I read an interesting review that I'll quote a little.  He says that when Stannis is staring into the flame, it was his favorite moment of the episode because: "all of us are standing there with him, sucking in our collective breath, and getting ready for the plunge to come."  Later he elaborates a little and says basically that in that scene, Mel is a sort of surrogate for the writers and they're talking to the audience.  Her asking him to see what's coming was D&D kind of saying "you think you know?"  Then they ended the episode with a zombie horde, confirming that, no, non book readers, don't even try to predict where this is going.  FiveByeSeven's insanity catapult comes to mind.	 As to the foreshadowing, I don't really know what Mel meant by saying he would betray everything and I stopped trying to predict GRRM a long time ago.  I can see where some would take that as a hint of him becoming the Night's King.  Maybe she was speaking more cryptically, as she does, and meant he will betray who he used to be as a man stomping his foot on the ground claiming that a metal chair is his "by rights."  That he will become something more.  That in betraying that man, he will become the one who "saves the realm to win the throne" instead of "winning the throne to save the realm" as Davos tells him.I've watched that scene of Stannis staring in the fire a couple of times again, and I hope Episode 1 of Season 3 tells us more about what he sees in the fire.  I thought the subtle changes in Dillane's face as he stared at the fire were excellent.  I really have become more comfortable with HBO's GOT and how it's different from the books.  I trust we will end up in the same place eventually, although everyone tells me True Blood is totally different from the books.  I just think the 2 Ds are such big ASOIAF fans that paths will converge.  I really love Davos Seaworth, and have grown to like Stannis more and more through the Onion Knight.
3407	Hoya Karsa Orlong	2012-06-11	The TV HOTU vision do make sense in the context of the show.  But I still think they veered to being mysterious for sake of being mysterious (like Lost) and I am reading way too much into them.  It is interesting that it appears to be the Warlock (still frustrated no more undying warlocks besides Pree) that is creating the visions, rather than the nightshade that Dany drinks in the books, so arguably the visions are intended to be more like traps and less like prophecy. 
Final minor point, is it just me or is there some parrellel between the HOTU TV vision of the ruined Red Keep and the ruined keep of Summerhall?  Maybe it was the vision of a Targ in a ruined keep.  But Rhager visited Summerhall to sleep and brood.  The HOTU vision almost echoes that with his sister seeming to brood over a similiarly ruined keep.  And just to bring it full circle, to date I think the character that is most undeniably good is Duncan and to a lessor extent Egg - and they end up dying in giant explosion.  Hard to see how a similiar fate is not likely for this crop of "good guys" (loosely - the Starks, Dany, Brienne, Tyrion and maybe Jaime).
3408	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-11	GRRM have told D&D how his saga will end, and the key plot points on the journey. That is known for a fact.Just had a somewhat disconcerting thought.  If GRRM doesn't finish the series, for whatever reason, then the vision of the end we may get will be that of the showrunners.  How weird would that be in terms of arguing "canon"?
3409	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-11	The others will take over Westeros, at least as far as Kings Landing - Thats what the ruined throne room with snow coming down made me think of.I think that's a pretty huge point.  Because if the Others get that far, then they've occupied a huge part of Westeros, and a military victory over them (even with dragons) would seem very implausible, and certainly take more than one book.  So where is the fight, and hopefully, ultimate victory of summer going to be held?If KL is overrrun, I suspect the key to it all is going to be a "behind the lines" battle at Winterfell, which we were told very early on is fed by hot springs underneath to keep it warm in winter.  I see Starks and supporters holding out there, and some link involving the Godswood inside the walls of Winterfell, with the Children involved.  Because if winter and the Others have gotten as far south as KL, then the only Godswood left under the control of men may be the one inside the walls of Winterfell.
3410	Brave Danny Flint	2012-06-11	At first I did not like the HotU visions, because I was very looking forward to a vision of the RW, subtly changed to make it less obvious. After reading people's interpretations of the throne room and the Wall, I'm happier.Sorry if this has been mentioned, but I wanted to add my alternate interpretation of the throne room vision.The throne room represents Dany's inner psychological state. Her motivation to take Westeros is to find a home and family; this is why she approaches the Iron Throne in the vision. However, she is uncertain that it will be the home she was promised, she has doubts. She begins to realise that she already has a family, her dragons (which explains the five minute scene in episode 8). This is why she hesitates to touch the throne, the sound of her Dragon family, and the memory of her lost family with Drogo lure her away. Dany must let go of these things if she is to claim the throne.Why did she go to the Wall? I have nfi. I hope this stimulates a few people's conspiracy organs /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I like your interpretation. I also like the "nfi" about Dany being at the wall. This is the one "Lost" moment in the whole of the Game of Thrones series so far and it has everybody slavering over it. Talk about throwing the book fans a bone! Nothing about the blue rose, nothing about the dead man on a boat with grey lips, nothing about the ptwp. Just Dany at the wall. D&D really do know how to keep us dangling on a hook!
3411	Hasfast	2012-06-11	I don't know if it has been mentioned before, but I really loved when Arya refuses Jaqen's proposal on the grounds of having to find Robb and Cat... And Sansa. I think I'm not the only one who hopes for this encounter in the books, and it's nice they pointed on that direction in the show. D.R.
3412	Fragile Bird	2012-06-11	I think I'd better get back to reading the Heresy threads again, lol.  If none of you have read them, take a look, because there are a lot of different angles and viewpoints examined there!
3413	Valonqar_	2012-06-11	I've been thinking also about the las daenerys chapter of aDWD. There has been the suggestion that she miscarries and that it somehow is a fullfillment of MMD prophecy(Sun sets in the east:Quentyn dies, rises in the west: Doran Martells plans and a possible alliance with aegon, the seas go dry: autumn in the dothraki sea, the mountains blow in the wind: pyramids destroyed by dragons) So, when I watched her child it was very exciting(just to get confuse by the seas-rivers change) 
Also, I've noticed that everyone assumes that theRK has been destroyed by real dragons, it could mean, though, that a targaryen/blackfyre (mummer's)drangon(yes, aegon) is to be blamed. So, after putting the realm through more struggle or will doing so, the others will find a way through the Wall and Winter will be feltin the realm.(snow falling)
I had also thought that her dragons or Vyserion and rhaegal at least will be at the Wall( lead there by moqorro and victarion) so that she will have to go there and get involved in the war against the others.
3414	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-11	I've watched that scene of Stannis staring in the fire a couple of times again, and I hope Episode 1 of Season 3 tells us more about what he sees in the fire.  I thought the subtle changes in Dillane's face as he stared at the fire were excellent.  I really have become more comfortable with HBO's GOT and how it's different from the books.  I trust we will end up in the same place eventually, although everyone tells me True Blood is totally different from the books.  I just think the 2 Ds are such big ASOIAF fans that paths will converge.  I really love Davos Seaworth, and have grown to like Stannis more and more through the Onion Knight.I think we will end up in the same place.  I think Storm will be adapted far more faithfully that Clash if for no other reason than D&D have 20 hours to tell the story, not just 10. If we do find out what Stannis saw in his fire, I think it will be revealed similar to Dany.  In GoT we are inside Dany's head so we see her dragon dreams and how that leads to her putting the eggs in the pyre.  But we didn't get that in the show.  Then in season two (can't remember the ep) we get Dany telling the Qartheen merchant about those dreams and then that "my dreams come true."  I thought that was great adaptation.  So I think if we do find out what Stannis saw, it will be revealed in a similar way if we get it.  And even then, I can see D&D keeping that in their back pocket for half a season.  And yeah, Davos.  I saw an interview with Liam Cunningham and he was so excited when he heard about the series because he had been a fan of the books for so long.  He auditioned for Ned, but HBO already had a deal with Sean Bean, but D&D pretty much told him that they would stay in touch because there was a character in season 2 they really really liked him for.  And now he's Davos.  I think it's a testament to his portrayal that he hasn't had that much screen time and his death is one of the biggest cliffhangers for friends of mine that haven't read the books.
3415	Brave Danny Flint	2012-06-12	I've been thinking also about the las daenerys chapter of aDWD. There has been the suggestion that she miscarries and that it somehow is a fullfillment of MMD prophecy(Sun sets in the east:Quentyn dies, rises in the west: Doran Martells plans and a possible alliance with aegon, the seas go dry: autumn in the dothraki sea, the mountains blow in the wind: pyramids destroyed by dragons) So, when I watched her child it was very exciting(just to get confuse by the seas-rivers change)Also, I've noticed that everyone assumes that theRK has been destroyed by real dragons, it could mean, though, that a targaryen/blackfyre (mummer's)drangon(yes, aegon) is to be blamed. So, after putting the realm through more struggle or will doing so, the others will find a way through the Wall and Winter will be feltin the realm.(snow falling)I had also thought that her dragons or Vyserion and rhaegal at least will be at the Wall( lead there by moqorro and victarion) so that she will have to go there and get involved in the war against the others.Hi where did you read this interpretation of Mirri's prophecy? I would be really grateful if you could send me a link to that section of the forum.Thanks /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3416	BaleriOne	2012-06-12	Episode 10 was the last episode for Season 2, so what were the 2 Ds trying to secretly tell the book reader and the TV viewer?  What did you pick up, all you trained Westerosi residents, that maybe other people may have missed?  Or, what confused you?As much as I was disappointed by the HotU scene, I loved the fact that Dany walked into a destroyed throne room, with snow falling down and obliterating everything.  Surely even the TV watcher should catch that!  And, more important to me the book reader, was the fact that Dany gets so close to the throne, but doesn't actually touch it or even sit in it.  What distracts her?  Crying - and I couldn't tell if it was still her dragons, or was it supposed to be the baby?  I think it was the dragons.  And then she so obviously walks out of a gate in the Wall!What did you see?For sure visions and omens cast to test her committment to the dragons (yes it was them screaming) - The fall of Westeros was clearly hinted at, if that vision was true, surely dhrogo will return with her child too, if somehow the rivers turn dry... (iced up or flamed up?)
3417	BaleriOne	2012-06-12	I think it's likely that the HOTU scene was meant to provide various forms of temptations to keep Dany in the HOTU, but if that was the only point, why have her enter a desolate and destroyed throne room?  Wouldn't it have been more tempting to have a throne room full of adoring subjects?  For this reason, I must believe D&D used the HOTU visions for prophecy as well.Yep good point, totally agree - temptation and prophetic in one.
3418	Lady Hummingbird	2012-06-12	As they changed the vision I understood it more closely related to what they left unsaid.
The fact that her husband and child where literally beyond the Wall as a replacement to the blue rose simbolism may be more revealing of Dany's destiny and happiness. As she longs for her family, the vision may have told her where to find it, even Rhaego not being blond may mean something (if it wasn't so clear that the baby is Rhaego I would have suspected he was actually Jon).
The snow in the throne room is the reason she's needed in Westeros, they only have ice so they need her fire. But she also may need ice to balance her own destructive power.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Hummingbird, 12 June 2012 - 03:49 PM.
3419	Valonqar_	2012-06-12	Hi where did you read this interpretation of Mirri's prophecy? I would be really grateful if you could send me a link to that section of the forum.Thanks /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I did not read it at this forum, but at this blog ]some time ago.
					
					
							Edited by Volonqar, 12 June 2012 - 08:08 PM.
3420	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-19	Fragile Bird, you had asked the thread a while back what they thought of the Stannis and Mel scene from ep 10 and while I answered you in terms of whether or not I liked it, I actually re-watched that episode last night and thought of something to actually contribute.  It's been a while so I hope you get this.
Mel told Stannis he would betray "the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear."  We've been operating under the assumption that she's talking about Stannis.  Before that, when he is choking her asking where her god is, she replies "inside you."  A reference to AA.  We (the book readers) know that when she's at the wall and asking for visions of AA, all she sees is snow.  Now, we were wondering what she meant/how to interpret what she said when she told Stannis you will betray everything, but we know what Stannis does in later books and we know he doesn't really do any of that.  Maybe in a metaphorical sense, but that's the best I could come up with. 
But taking the interpretation that she's seeing Jon in the fire and doesn't realize it, everything she says to Stannis makes perfect sense, and does happen to Jon.  In fact, in this very episode, a mere 10 - 15 minutes after this is when Jon kills Qhorin.  Jon will betray his vow to the NW with Ygritte (although who can blame him), he then betrayed the Wildlings by going back to the NW, and the he will seen by some to betray the NW itself in Dance when he let's the Wildlings south.
So basically we have Mel telling us everything Jon is going to do, but thinking it's going to happen to Stannis.  I think this might be a really backhanded clue that Jon = AA is true.  Unless D&D have some crazy shit in store for Stannis.
3421	Fragile Bird	2012-06-19	Fragile Bird, you had asked the thread a while back what they thought of the Stannis and Mel scene from ep 10 and while I answered you in terms of whether or not I liked it, I actually re-watched that episode last night and thought of something to actually contribute.  It's been a while so I hope you get this.Mel told Stannis he would betray "the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear."  We've been operating under the assumption that she's talking about Stannis.  Before that, when he is choking her asking where her god is, she replies "inside you."  A reference to AA.  We (the book readers) know that when she's at the wall and asking for visions of AA, all she sees is snow.  Now, we were wondering what she meant/how to interpret what she said when she told Stannis you will betray everything, but we know what Stannis does in later books and we know he doesn't really do any of that.  Maybe in a metaphorical sense, but that's the best I could come up with.But taking the interpretation that she's seeing Jon in the fire and doesn't realize it, everything she says to Stannis makes perfect sense, and does happen to Jon.  In fact, in this very episode, a mere 10 - 15 minutes after this is when Jon kills Qhorin.  Jon will betray his vow to the NW with Ygritte (although who can blame him), he then betrayed the Wildlings by going back to the NW, and the he will seen by some to betray the NW itself in Dance when he let's the Wildlings south.So basically we have Mel telling us everything Jon is going to do, but thinking it's going to happen to Stannis.  I think this might be a really backhanded clue that Jon = AA is true.  Unless D&D have some crazy shit in store for Stannis.That is FUCKING brilliant!  Areo Speedwagon, you are a genius!  That makes the puzzle pieces fit so beautifully.  The only question is, did they do this for the book readers, or will we have flashbacks in a couple of years?  Or are the writers really stupid and didn't know what they were writing? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />No, I think you are absolutely right.  That's one of the better insights I've seen in ages. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
3422	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-20	That's one of the better insights I've seen in ages. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Thank you!I am one who has faith in the writers, so I'm going with that they did know what they were doing when they wrote that.  I don't think they'll ever have flashbacks.  If they didn't do it for the Tower of Joy, I don't think they ever will.  Also I think something like that, a structural element, needs to be introduced early on in the series to let the audience know this is going to be a part of the show.I guess for Stannis going forward the question is will he be influenced by her words?  Will this become a self fulfilling prophecy now?  I hope not.  I really like Stannis in the books and I think Dillane is doing such an amazing job that I can't wait to see him at the Wall, etc.  But like I said, I'm one of the ones who think the writers will make the right calls.Lastly, Mel said in the treating with Renly and in the books "born amidst salt and smoke,"  That made me think that maybe Jon Snow as we've known him isn't AA.  Maybe he is just Jon Snow... until the end of Dance.  He'll return from Ghost, reborn, as AA.  I'm not saying he'll be aware of it, I actually don't think he will, but that might be the even that makes the light bulb go off for Mel.  She'll be able to see it now.
3423	finishingmove	2012-06-22	My impression was that it was deliberately made ambiguous as to whether it's snow or ashes in the throne room.
I think Dany will eventually come and conquer King's Landing but she will see the real fight is up north, and she will reunite with family there.
That's my simple extrapolation.
3424	BaleriOne	2012-07-09	My impression was that it was deliberately made ambiguous as to whether it's snow or ashes in the throne room.I think Dany will eventually come and conquer King's Landing but she will see the real fight is up north, and she will reunite with family there.That's my simple extrapolation.Makes sense for it to be snow, as the ceiling and roof have been damaged and Winter has arrived at King's Landing.Seems like she is arriving there after the fall.I think Daenerys won't be moving across the Narrow Sea for quite some time, she will realize that her dragons will have to grow first, now they are still vulnerable.
					
					
							Edited by BaleriOne, 09 July 2012 - 05:17 PM.
3425	Vhailorian	2012-06-06	So what was this change in Mirri Maz Duur's prophesy about? The original line was "when the seas go dry" and those of us who have completed ADwD are fairly sure what this line is referring to...so why the change?1. Intentional change by D&D: Dany rather famously shifts the emphasis and focus of MMD's prophetic words from Drogo's return to her own fertility...could this be an intentional design by the writers of the show to make Dany misremember the "prophesy?" This seems unlikely to me as the way GRRM handled this was excellent and incredibly meaningful...but I suppose this would not be the first time D&D fumbled sensitive material. (IMHO)2. Was this simply an outright mistake?: Perhaps this is one of those things that "just slipped through" like the hound being both left and right handed in the season 2 opener. If so this fumble is in Earnest Byner territory. (Yes...I am a Browns fan) For those who don't follow football or are younger than me I am saying this is very bad...3. Has the prophesy essentially been cut?:Two seasons into the show a vast majority of the prophesy and subtlety from the books has been shed in favor of a more soap opera like adaptation...perhaps D&D have decided the MMD prophesy doesn't matter to the show.4. Perhaps MMD's words are just a red herring by GRRM and he has confirmed it to D&D. If this is true it would be the most masterful red herring I have ever seen...so much of it is now beginning to make sense.5. ??? I am sure you all have a ton more to add to this...hopefully you will. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3426	Ran	2012-06-09	I'm guessing it's a slip. It was correct in the finale last season.
3427	dreamcatcher	2012-06-09	I'm guessing it's a slip. It was correct in the finale last season.But the finale of last season ended BEFORE ADwD came out, only after ADwD came out we started speculating that it means the dry Dothraki sea. Maybe they wanted to show that the prophecy doesn't  mean the Dothraki sea but actual water?Or it could be just a slip.
3428	Khal Pono	2012-06-09	She was talking about Walder Riverssorry that was the least funny joke ever
3429	boojam	2012-06-09	God! What a nit!
3430	sarah.jenice	2012-06-09	I noticed it, too, but really there's no telling. It might have just been lazy writing, but I hope that's not the case. I just put it into the misstated text along with Lord Karstark referencing the Father.
3431	Vhailorian	2012-06-09	It struck me as the sort of thing where an actor/actress slightly altered a line to improve the dialogue flow and the director/editor decided to keep it because they liked the take. I think the same thing may be true for the Karstark reference as well. In the end I think I am chalking this up to sloppiness...gods know there has been enough sloppiness to go around in this show in both pre and post production. Despite this somewhat nitpicky thread, I actually do really enjoy the show...Unfortunately I find myself having to build a higher and thicker wall between the show and the books to keep my enthusiasm level as high as it is. It probably doesn't help that I have done a book series reread before each of the first two seasons. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3432	EgoistMusketeer	2012-06-10	I think it was just a matter of flow for the dialogue.
Can someone explain to me how "When the Seas run dry" refers to Dany getting her period in the Dothraki sea??
3433	Vhailorian	2012-06-10	I think it was just a matter of flow for the dialogue.Can someone explain to me how "When the Seas run dry" refers to Dany getting her period in the Dothraki sea??That part doesn't...the speculation is that "When the seas go dry" refers to the browning (drying) of the grass in the Dothraki Sea. The "period" you are talking about is speculated to actually be a miscarriage...which would cover "When your womb quickens again, and you bear a living child."
3434	EgoistMusketeer	2012-06-10	Alright, now I get it.
3435	Morrigan	2012-06-10	Count me in as someone who never thought Mirri Maz Durr's words were prophetic, but rather just a curse she threw at Dany. Remember, she answers that when Dany asks when Drogo will return to her "as he was before". So she uses a bunch of metaphors that mean "never".
There's no evidence that Dany's womb will "bear a living child". Heavy bleeding might mean a miscarriage... which is still not a living child. The prophecy, if it's really one, hasn't come true.
3436	EgoistMusketeer	2012-06-10	Count me in as someone who never thought Mirri Maz Durr's words were prophetic, but rather just a curse she threw at Dany. Remember, she answers that when Dany asks when Drogo will return to her "as he was before". So she uses a bunch of metaphors that mean "never".There's no evidence that Dany's womb will "bear a living child". Heavy bleeding might mean a miscarriage... which is still not a living child. The prophecy, if it's really one, hasn't come true.I tend to agree with you on this except for the whole sun sets in the east part of her saying.  I feel like its generally accepted that The Martell kids death in Essos is the sun setting in the east... so idk
3437	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-10	Count me in as someone who never thought Mirri Maz Durr's words were prophetic, but rather just a curse she threw at Dany. Remember, she answers that when Dany asks when Drogo will return to her "as he was before". So she uses a bunch of metaphors that mean "never".There's no evidence that Dany's womb will "bear a living child". Heavy bleeding might mean a miscarriage... which is still not a living child. The prophecy, if it's really one, hasn't come true.Yeah this is how I have always took it as well. It wasn't until I read the forums that I thought it could be something else.But if it was just MMD saying never, then whats the big significance behind Dany bleeding in her last chapter in aDwD? Does it mean anything? Because while I don't view it as a prophecy, I do acknowledge the Dothraki sea going dry and Quentyn death as more than coincidental.And wasn't Dany surprised at her bleeding? Making it seem like she has been missing her period this whole time.
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 10 June 2012 - 11:43 PM.
3438	Vhailorian	2012-06-10	Count me in as someone who never thought Mirri Maz Durr's words were prophetic, but rather just a curse she threw at Dany. Remember, she answers that when Dany asks when Drogo will return to her "as he was before". So she uses a bunch of metaphors that mean "never".There's no evidence that Dany's womb will "bear a living child". Heavy bleeding might mean a miscarriage... which is still not a living child. The prophecy, if it's really one, hasn't come true.I'm not sure that I disagree with you...although as the speculation runs nothing else about the "prophesy" that has been "fulfilled" has been in the literal sense. so I don't necessarily think "living child"  equates to "viable fetus." I read that section...even as a skeptic... to mean when you CAN bear a living child.I agree that this was MMD's cutting way of saying Drogo will return to you as before when these other impossible things happen. By stating "When your womb quickens again, and you bear a living child," clearly MMD was saying to Dany that for her to bear a living child was equally impossible...a statement that becomes less impossible if Dany is proven capable of conception. I would also note that as this "prophesy" has not played out in a literal sense that there is no reason to believe that Drogo will return as he was before in a literal sense.I am not sure what I actually believe about MMD and her "prophecy." I guess it's fair to say I am skeptical but leaning towards the words being meaningful. Whatever the truth turns out to be it has been compelling and I love debating it with my friends...and now all of you. (Hopefully my new friends here) /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3439	Morrigan	2012-06-12	I tend to agree with you on this except for the whole sun sets in the east part of her saying.  I feel like its generally accepted that The Martell kids death in Essos is the sun setting in the east... so idkAnd why can't that just be a bunch of nerds reading too much into things? What about mountains blowing in the winds like leaves?
3440	EgoistMusketeer	2012-06-12	And why can't that just be a bunch of nerds reading too much into things? pretty sure thats like 80 percent of the topics on here haha /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3441	Valonqar_	2012-06-12	Pyramids destroyed by dragons...
3442	Morrigan	2012-06-14	pretty sure thats like 80 percent of the topics on here haha /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />True, but there are limits IMO. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Pyramids destroyed by dragons...Seriously? Pyramids are mountains now? lol...
3443	Valonqar_	2012-06-18	An analogy at least. In order to consider MMD prophetic and not simply a way to say "never", things cannot be taken literally
3444	AsoiafFTW!	2012-06-18	maybe gregor will return icarus style.True, but there are limits IMO. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Seriously? Pyramids are mountains now? lol...An analogy at least. In order to consider MMD prophetic and not simply a way to say "never", things cannot be taken literally
3445	EgoistMusketeer	2012-06-19	A mountain near Mereen will be captured by the Windblown! Boom!
3446	voodooqueen126	2012-06-15	So, in a few other posts I have theorised about certain parallels between Volantis at the end of ADWD and the Fall of Constantinople.But when I was reading about the Siege of Baghdad today I learnt that according to Christian legend, the last Caliph of Baghdad was walled up inside his treasure house. Which is a fate that befalls Xaro Xoan Daxos at the end of Valar Morghulis.There are a few other interesing parallels: the Mongols seemed to have hatedcivilization (their initial hatred was toward the Chinese, and they expanded this prejudice to all people living in cities) and the Dothraki also hate/fear the Qartheen's magic.Both cities are on important trade routes, though for different reasons: Qarth has similarities Constantinople in that they are both located on the western side of a strait that leads up to a small ocean, whilst Meereen is a similar location to Basra, Volantis is located a similar position to Marseilles, or perhaps the French Riviera, though it's more of a delta...Anyway...TheoryB&W know how the series will end, and I think they ended Xaro Xoan Daxos's life that way (inside a vault of his own riches at the end of season 2) because they don't think they will have time to dispose of him in season 6.Prediction for books:It is also fairly obvious that Daenerys will have some sort of showdown with Xaro Xoan Daxos in book 6 (due to the whole bloodied glove thing), and that she could well be heading east to Vaes Dothrak accompanied by that Dothraki Khalasar. So doesn't it seem likely that Daenerys, after visiting Vaes Dothrak, will rather than going backwards, will head south to Qarth, sack it like it's Baghdad in 1294, then catch a boat back to Meereen and meet up with Tyrion, Victarion, etc...And that therefore Xaro Daxos's needlessly cruel fate (which i thought was quite out of character for ACOK Daenerys) is actually Xaro's intended fate in book 6 (or being rolled up in a carpet and trampled to death by horses.) since it is in character for post ADWD Daenerys?
3447	boojam	2012-06-17	So, in a few other posts I have theorised about certain parallels between Volantis at the end of ADWD and the Fall of Constantinople.But when I was reading about the Siege of Baghdad today I learnt that according to Christian legend, the last Caliph of Baghdad was walled up inside his treasure house. Which is a fate that befalls Xaro Xoan Daxos at the end of Valar Morghulis.There are a few other interesing parallels: the Mongols seemed to have hatedcivilization (their initial hatred was toward the Chinese, and they expanded this prejudice to all people living in cities) and the Dothraki also hate/fear the Qartheen's magic.Both cities are on important trade routes, though for different reasons: Qarth has similarities Constantinople in that they are both located on the western side of a strait that leads up to a small ocean, whilst Meereen is a similar location to Basra, Volantis is located a similar position to Marseilles, or perhaps the French Riviera, though it's more of a delta...Anyway...TheoryB&W know how the series will end, and I think they ended Xaro Xoan Daxos's life that way (inside a vault of his own riches at the end of season 2) because they don't think they will have time to dispose of him in season 6.Prediction for books:It is also fairly obvious that Daenerys will have some sort of showdown with Xaro Xoan Daxos in book 6 (due to the whole bloodied glove thing), and that she could well be heading east to Vaes Dothrak accompanied by that Dothraki Khalasar. So doesn't it seem likely that Daenerys, after visiting Vaes Dothrak, will rather than going backwards, will head south to Qarth, sack it like it's Baghdad in 1294, then catch a boat back to Meereen and meet up with Tyrion, Victarion, etc...And that therefore Xaro Daxos's needlessly cruel fate (which i thought was quite out of character for ACOK Daenerys) is actually Xaro's intended fate in book 6 (or being rolled up in a carpet and trampled to death by horses.) since it is in character for post ADWD Daenerys?I know George knows his history well , best I can tell his take on Qarth is what you see in the book, and it will never be visited again. I think David and Dan are finished with it too, I still think they were so occupied with Westeros , S2 , and didn't know what to do about Qarth that it's was a story they didn't have time reformulate for the audience of a premium channel network with what seems a fixed format of 10 episodes.I don't know , my guess we won't see XXD again....As for what happens in the East after the end of ADwD , I can't even guess. I am thinking since she has Drogon and has a connection with the Dothraki like not one else ever before.... Khal Jhaqo may help her break the siege at Meereen , but I don't think he will commit his khalasar to her taking back Westeros. Maybe 'the must go East to go West' will indeed take her more East , I don't know.George has set up a the mother of all snarls of power brokering... with the other plot... the Lord of Light ... The Great Other... trumping all the puny human stuff!
3448	Will Segatto	2012-06-06	Now I'm confused...Bran is Winterfell when the Greyjoys took control of it.With Osha's help, Rickon, Hodor, Osha and Bran escapes Winterfell. The farm children are killed and Bran stay hidden.Now, the Greyjoys find themselves sieged inside Winterfell.a) First question: who is in the outside?The Greyjoys decide to fight and die. Fine.Now, Osha leaves their hideout and find everything burned and dead, but there is no one there!b) Where are they at that time?Now Maester Luwin is dying at the tree and he says that "they may come back".c) Who are "they"? Aren't the enemies (Greyjoy) dead?This confused me a little.Best regards,Will
3449	Lord Godric	2012-06-06	In the show, the Greyjoy men were never killed. They knocked out Theon and assumingly gave him to the Northmen outside the gates to buy their own passage home. The men outside the gates were Northmen under the control of Roose's bastard son.  And even though they were Northmen they burned Winterfell to the ground and assumingly killed or captured all it's inhabitants and then returned to their own castle the Dreadfort.  You wouldn't be able to get all this from the show without knowledge from the books, I don't think. 
It's okay to be confused about it, it's not exactly supposed to make sense.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 06 June 2012 - 12:17 PM.
3450	sennahoj	2012-06-06	It was shown at the end of episode 8 that in fact Osha, Hodor and the kids were hiding in the crypts of Winterfell after first leaving and then doubling back while the Ironmen were on the hunt.
Winterfell was burned to the ground while they were in hiding.
3451	The Last Reyne	2012-06-07	Now I'm confused...Bran is Winterfell when the Greyjoys took control of it.With Osha's help, Rickon, Hodor, Osha and Bran escapes Winterfell. The farm children are killed and Bran stay hidden.Now, the Greyjoys find themselves sieged inside Winterfell.a) First question: who is in the outside?The Greyjoys decide to fight and die. Fine.Now, Osha leaves their hideout and find everything burned and dead, but there is no one there! /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Where are they at that time?Now Maester Luwin is dying at the tree and he says that "they may come back".c) Who are "they"? Aren't the enemies (Greyjoy) dead?This confused me a little.Best regards,WillOutside are Bolton men led by Ramsey Snow, Roose Bolton's bastard.They are the ones who burn an sack Winterfell and take Theon prisoner. Osha, Hodor, and the boys are hiding in the crypts under Winterfell when they come out to find everything burned and everyone dead.
3452	Billch797	2012-06-09	Why on earth do the northmen burn winterfell?
3453	bardgal	2012-06-09	Why on earth do the northmen burn winterfell?We'll find out in season 3.
3454	Khal Pono	2012-06-09	Why on earth do the northmen burn winterfell?Without giving any specific book spoilers... think what we know of Roose Bolton and what little we know of his bastard so far.Roose, as one online commenter has said, has all the makings of a Russian or even Nazi villain from an 80s movie, very cold, clever and unfeeling.Robb listens to him because Bolton is his most experienced lieutenant, but you've gotta figure from his creepy face and mannerisms that Roose is up to no good.And his bastard??  We haven't met him yet, but we do know that in Westeros people believe that bastards, who by definiton were conveived under circumstances of betrayal and dishonor, have bastard blood (i.e., treachery) running through their veins.
3455	Harrad	2012-06-09	were conveived under circumstances of betrayal and dishonor, have bastard blood (i.e., treachery) running through their veins.Like Jon Snow. What exactly is a TV spoiler butt not a book spoiler at this point?
3456	Khal Pono	2012-06-09	What exactly is a TV spoiler butt not a book spoiler at this point?Depends how many episodes you've seen :-DThere are a lot of shows that I love but I'm not caught up (GoT is not one of them). I have them on my DVR and in my On Demand menu.
3457	TheCube	2012-06-09	The Greyjoys decide to fight and die. Fine.I think you picked the wrong time to make a cup of tea here...
3458	Billch797	2012-06-09	Without giving any specific book spoilers... think what we know of Roose Bolton and what little we know of his bastard so far.Roose, as one online commenter has said, has all the makings of a Russian or even Nazi villain from an 80s movie, very cold, clever and unfeeling.Robb listens to him because Bolton is his most experienced lieutenant, but you've gotta figure from his creepy face and mannerisms that Roose is up to no good.And his bastard??  We haven't met him yet, but we do know that in Westeros people believe that bastards, who by definiton were conveived under circumstances of betrayal and dishonor, have bastard blood (i.e., treachery) running through their veins.Well that's just it...the show doesn't reveal much about him at all to be honest. He does come across cruel and calculating but you can easily put that down to hating the southerners. Apart from that he seems very obedient and doesn't seem to challenge Rob on much. That's why when I saw winterfell burning I was really confused. I guess it's just one more plot twist that Mr Martin has woven in.
3459	TheEvilKing	2012-06-10	Wow, this thread is very book-spoilery for a TV spoiler thread.
3460	Xander Baratheon	2012-06-12	I think you picked the wrong time to make a cup of tea here...I was blind-sided by this not just because of the book but even the TV guide description of this episode was: "Theon inspires his men to act". Just didn't tell me which action they would take I suppose.
3461	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-15	You have to give to Theon that was a great speech to bad the ironborn could have cared less
3462	Ser Giant	2012-06-15	A mod needs to get in here and clean out all these book spoilers. I can't believe someone with 1500 posts dropped a book spoiler like that in a tv spoiler thread, sheesh.
3463	Khal Pono	2012-06-15	A mod needs to get in here and clean out all these book spoilers. I can't believe someone with 1500 posts dropped a book spoiler like that in a tv spoiler thread, sheesh.Use the report button.  You can even report my non-specific spoiler about Roose being shady and bastards being untrustworthy
3464	Ser Giant	2012-06-15	Holy crap! thanks for your permission homie.
3465	Khal Pono	2012-06-15	Holy crap! thanks for your permission homie.Anytime; just sayin'.... better to actually call 911 then just to yell "Police!"
3466	Tyrion Blackfyre	2012-06-16	It's not supposed to make sense. Re-watch the episode and try to peace it together.
Bran and co. are hiding in the crypts in winterfell
Ironborn knock out Theon, start to head out the gate to deliver him to Rooses bastard
Why would the Ironborn burn Winterfell then if they were about to get off free?
Next scene, the whole castle is burned to the ground, and Luwin is saying they may come back?
You will have to wait until season 3 to get any sort of details. You could read the books too which I would recommend /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion Blackfyre, 16 June 2012 - 03:10 PM.
3467	Frey Pie	2012-06-08	So i think most people who read the book think Robb was stupid for marrying Jeyne and he was. No doubt. However most could also empathise with him as well. There were a few reasons for doing what he did-it was understandable for such a young man. Show Robb is a complete fool. Most people dont care about him. People who havnt read the book arent rooting for him as much as they should be. The producers have taken the loyalty many book readers have for the Starks hence non-book readers dont know who to support really. All they no is-everyone hates Joff.
The only reason they can have put in Talisa or however you spell it is to get the crowd digging a love story vibe. But even looking at IMDB not many people are mad about them. So how are they going to redeem Robb? The RW has to be huge. For me it was the biggst moment in the books. I read on for chapters thinking i must be wrong. But if people dont care for Robb the RW wont be that big a deal. So the only way i can think of Robb being redeemed is maybe if they do the battle of the fords. But instead of Edmure in charge Robb is. This seems like an acceptable compromise to me. Robb has to have some sort of heroic act though-saving some of his men or the like. What ye think?
To a lesser extent Stannis too. Hes not supposed to be evil. Would book Stannis choke a woman? Then again i guess he has his arc redemption already written for him up on the wall....
3468	Stag's Fury	2012-06-09	Nope, marrying Talisa is a even far more stupid move than marrying Jeyne.
Jeyne-wounded, just received news that Bran and Rickon are dead, had sex, spur of the moment thing and got married to protect Jeyne's honor and most likely didn't counsel anyone. 
Talisa-"oh but i love her!", didn't care at all about what Cat said. Heck, Cat clearly told him not to cross the Freys and Robb is basically "meh *shrug*".
Honestly, just judging from this, it almost makes me glad that he got a red wedding down the road waiting for him.
3469	YTDN	2012-06-09	I think it's unfair to say the RW will be less of a big deal, or Robb somehow deserves it for his boneheaded decisions. No-one deserves to get killed at a wedding and then have your corpse desecrated. It's still going to have a huge impact, just because it abruptly kills two major characters in an incredibly violent manner.
3470	Stag's Fury	2012-06-09	Oh, by no means I'd say Robb deserve it, but it's more of a "see, everyone told you so"
3471	Aubry	2012-06-09	I wonder if Talisa will die at the Red Wedding.
Since the show has invested so much in Robb and her and their obnoxious love story, maybe they'll try to capitalise on that in some way for the Red Wedding too. Will they kill her off as well as Robb in the hope that that will stir the viewers?
I really hope not. To be honest, my preference would be if they didn't focus too much on redeeming Robb or, indeed, on Robb at all. Let Cat think her kids have been killed. Let her and Robb have a warm scene together for once. Then let Michelle Fairley break all our hearts and put Cat back at the centre of the RW. Make it about her story instead of about Robb's ridiculous anachronistic love story.
The Red Wedding shouldn't be about Robb's arc. It's about Catelyn's.
					
					
							Edited by Aubry, 09 June 2012 - 05:25 AM.
3472	Sarnius1	2012-06-09	I don't think Robb was stupid for marrying Jeyne. Where's all the Robb hate coming from?!
3473	Greywolf2375	2012-06-09	I don't think Robb was stupid for marrying Jeyne. Where's all the Robb hate coming from?!For acting in a selfish & irresponsible way to his station, people and vow?  Instead of tying his house to his bannerman, he marries...no one.  Instead of placing his realm as King of the North as his priority, he places personal desire first.  Instead of holding to his word, he intentionally and with forethought goes and breaks his vow to his bannerman.
3474	Reposado	2012-06-09	I see where this is going. They established that Robb is the biggest idiot in Westeros. At the Red Wedding, Walder Frey chops his hand off and by the end of the book he learnes to use judgment and foresight.
3475	birdsong66	2012-06-09	I wonder if Talisa will die at the Red Wedding.Since the show has invested so much in Robb and her and their obnoxious love story, maybe they'll try to capitalise on that in some way for the Red Wedding too. Will they kill her off as well as Robb in the hope that that will stir the viewers?I really hope not. To be honest, my preference would be if they didn't focus too much on redeeming Robb or, indeed, on Robb at all. Let Cat think her kids have been killed. Let her and Robb have a warm scene together for once. Then let Michelle Fairley break all our hearts and put Cat back at the centre of the RW. Make it about her story instead of about Robb's ridiculous anachronistic love story.The Red Wedding shouldn't be about Robb's arc. It's about Catelyn's.TBH, I think you've nailed exactly how the TV!RW will play out in season 3.  It will focus on TV!Robb, Talisa will be there, and it is Talisa that will plead for TV!Robb's live, Talisa that will kill Jigglebells one of the Freys, and Catelyn will be relegated to one of the unfortunate victims of the massacre. Why stick to Catelyn's story arc now?  She's just a victim in HBOGoT, I don't think that's going to change very much in future seasons.  The RW will be the worse for it as a presentation, but that just my opinion, YMMV.Begs the question:  Will there be a Stoneheart?
3476	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	Good points everyone.
1. TV Robb looks selfish and weak . .   he falls truly in love and ignores several of his mother's warnings about Walder Frey . . .  he goes on and without his mother's knowing consent he marries for love . . a part of GRRM's Song that always bites a person in the butt.
2. In the books after reading "Storm of Swords" I never blamed Walder Frey because I felt Robb gave him the finger and Frey and Bolton where in bad positions.  But thinking about it, Robb got "backstabbed." On the TV show with Winterfell being in ruins and the Iron Born raiding the North, Robb in the Westerlands and after Stannis' defeat on the Blackwater it seems that Robb is done . . . all those factors have done him in, Robb wasn't ready to be a king he just didn't have the maturity needed to be a successful monarch.
3. I don't think there will be a Stoneheart I can see Talisa dying with Robb at the Wedding and for some reason Catelyn survives wounded but not dead and she becomes a vigilante  . . .  maybe D and D will have the Hound and Arya save Catelyn??  I don't know and it is a good thing I don't know  . .it will be exciting to watch.
Robb is done, that is  clear in the books and on TV . . he just wasn't a King . . .    . .  http://24.media.tumb...pdfbo1_1280.jpg
3477	SerMixalot	2012-06-09	There is no redemption for Robb, only the fall
3478	Istakhr	2012-06-09	They should really try to focus on Cat and slaughter other northmen during the RW to keep the emotional impact.
Since they have Beric and Thoros next season, I think they will keep Cat dying and later turing into the unCat. I bet they will even show Hound killing Beric and Thoros reviving him.
3479	Frey Pie	2012-06-09	Nope, marrying Talisa is a even far more stupid move than marrying Jeyne.Jeyne-wounded, just received news that Bran and Rickon are dead, had sex, spur of the moment thing and got married to protect Jeyne's honor and most likely didn't counsel anyone.Talisa-"oh but i love her!", didn't care at all about what Cat said. Heck, Cat clearly told him not to cross the Freys and Robb is basically "meh *shrug*".Honestly, just judging from this, it almost makes me glad that he got a red wedding down the road waiting for him.That was the point of my post sorry if i didnt make it clear? Most people rooted for Robb in the books. We wanted him to succeed. If i hadnt read the books i dont think id be rooting for him anymore. It started off really well-his confrontation with Jaime was great, Theons betrayal was portrayed even better then the books. Then they screwed up with TulisaGood points everyone.1. TV Robb looks selfish and weak . .   he falls truly in love and ignores several of his mother's warnings about Walder Frey . . .  he goes on and without his mother's knowing consent he marries for love . . a part of GRRM's Song that always bites a person in the butt.2. In the books after reading "Storm of Swords" I never blamed Walder Frey because I felt Robb gave him the finger and Frey and Bolton where in bad positions.  But thinking about it, Robb got "backstabbed." On the TV show with Winterfell being in ruins and the Iron Born raiding the North, Robb in the Westerlands and after Stannis' defeat on the Blackwater it seems that Robb is done . . . all those factors have done him in, Robb wasn't ready to be a king he just didn't have the maturity needed to be a successful monarch.3. I don't think there will be a Stoneheart I can see Talisa dying with Robb at the Wedding and for some reason Catelyn survives wounded but not dead and she becomes a vigilante  . . .  maybe D and D will have the Hound and Arya save Catelyn??  I don't know and it is a good thing I don't know  . .it will be exciting to watch.Robb is done, that is  clear in the books and on TV . . he just wasn't a King . . .	. .  http://24.media.tumb...pdfbo1_1280.jpgFrey has to be held accountable. If you fall out with your buddy do you kill him, his mother and all his friends? If everyone in the world of ASOIAF holds them at fault then i think wer supposed to as well.They cant have catelyn saved. It would ruin her arc and Aryas. Catelyn wants piece. When she is reborn she wants fire and blood
3480	Robb_	2012-06-09	People cared a lot for TV Robb at the end of Season 1 I thought, but there seems to be less hype about him after the Talisa stuff, hopefully they develop that relationship better at the start of next season. And I really do hope we get to see him in battle, plus the Karstark beheading scene.
3481	Harrad	2012-06-09	After Ned lost his head, does anyone seriously think that HBO will change Robb's fate? Robb is the same in book and series. He is a relatively good guy, brave and a good general, who is not conniving enough or ruthless enough to survive the GoT. Get him out of the way in the RW and move on to the next contenders.
3482	Frey Pie	2012-06-09	After Ned lost his head, does anyone seriously think that HBO will change Robb's fate? Robb is the same in book and series. He is a relatively good guy, brave and a good general, who is not conniving enough or ruthless enough to survive the GoT. Get him out of the way in the RW and move on to the next contenders.No they definately cant. But hes not the same in the series at all-hes spoiled and dumbed down a lot. Too much in my opinion. I dont think anyone thinks they can get away without the RW
3483	Mulled Wino	2012-06-09	There is no redemption for Robb, only the fallAgreed and i am a reader who didnt empathize with robb in the least in the books.
3484	Harrad	2012-06-09	No they definately cant. But hes not the same in the series at all-hes spoiled and dumbed down a lot. Too much in my opinion. I dont think anyone thinks they can get away without the RWHe is the same as in the book. In the book there's no POV for Robb, so many have romanticized him here. The facts are he does the exact same things in the series as in the books. Know a man by his actions. (Substitute marry Talisa for Jeyne, but the reasoning and effects are identical). Robb is a non-survivor in both venues. Too bad, so sad.
3485	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-09	He is the same as in the book. In the book there's no POV for Robb, so many have romanticized him here. The facts are he does the exact same things in the series as in the books. Know a man by his actions. (Substitute marry Talisa for Jeyne, but the reasoning and effects are identical). Robb is a non-survivor in both venues. Too bad, so sad.Thank you.I don't understand why love is such an incomprehensible reason to marry someone and break a vow, but a moment of weakness when one is injured and most likely doped up on milk of the poppy is?  In season 1 when Maester Aemon gave Jon the speech where he says "What is honor, compared to a woman's love?  What is duty against the feel of new born son in your arms?  Or a brother' smile?"  Were you rolling your eyes calling 'bullshit' on it?I mean, yeah, fuck the producers for wanting to have a sexual relationship in season two that isn't rape, prostitution, or manipulative.I ask this of the OP out of pure curiosity, no snark intended, but how many people do you know that haven't read the books but watch the show?  Have you asked their opinion?  What is their age/gender if I may ask?As to the inclusion of Stoneheart, it depends on what Martin does with her character.  As it stands right now at the end of Dance, I'm still unsure as to why she was brought back.  That being said, I'm sure Martin has something amazing up his sleeve for her reason and it's going to kick my ass.Lastly, to the titular topic of this thread, does Robb need to be redeemed?  He fucks up and gets killed for it.  Do you view Robb's crime as grievous as Theon's or Jaime's that he requires protracted redemption?
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 09 June 2012 - 02:02 PM.
3486	Istakhr	2012-06-09	Thank you.I don't understand why love is such an incomprehensible reason to marry someone and break a vow, but a moment of weakness when one is injured and most likely doped up on milk of the poppy is?  In season 1 when Maester Aemon gave Jon the speech where he says "What is honor, compared to a woman's love?  What is duty against the feel of new born son in your arms?  Or a brother' smile?"  Were you rolling your eyes calling 'bullshit' on it?I mean, yeah, fuck the producers for wanting to have a sexual relationship in season two that isn't rape, prostitution, or manipulative.I ask this of the OP out of pure curiosity, no snark intended, but how many people do you know that haven't read the books but watch the show?  Have you asked their opinion?  What is their age/gender if I may ask?As to the inclusion of Stoneheart, it depends on what Martin does with her character.  As it stands right now at the end of Dance, I'm still unsure as to why she was brought back.  That being said, I'm sure Martin has something amazing up his sleeve for her reason and it's going to kick my ass.Lastly, to the titular topic of this thread, does Robb need to be redeemed?  He fucks up and gets killed for it.  Do you view Robb's crime as grievous as Theon's or Jaime's that he requires protracted redemption?If producers want the viewers to look ar RW and say OK, Robb was a somewhat goodhearted, selfish idiot. Too bad he died, but let's move on with the story then you are right.But if they want to deliver a gut punch to the viewers in RW by an emotional scene and that's what probably want to do the Robb story in the show didn't work.If you look at their comments, they basically did the Robb/Talisa story in the show to make people more sympathetic to Robb. How many people do you know that like Robb more now than they liked him in the end of S1? Ultimately showrunners had good intentions, but failed in execution.
3487	kephv	2012-06-09	How can they redeem Robb? By killing him. And people would only cheer if it saves us from more of the terrible romance between him and Talisa.
3488	Harrad	2012-06-09	Ultimately showrunners had good intentions, but failed in execution.Since the action in the series (on screen) mimicked in all particulars the action in the book (off-the-page), my sympathies for Robb were the same in both. GRRM gave him away as a "minor" character by not POV-ing him. The HBO series actually gave him more props. Let him make the same good calls and bad calls and will let him suffer the same fate as the books. If there really are non-book readers and non-spoiler knowers in the audience by the RW, I expect them to have even more of a shock since they dont konw about the non-POV aspect of Robb in the books.
3489	David Selig	2012-06-09	I still don't see how Book Robb is any less selfish and stupid. Even if we excuse him for having sex with Jeyne due to grief and all the pressure on him, he still didn't have to marry her. His honor demanded to keep his word to the Freys, his duty demanded that the interest of his millions of subjects take clear precendence before the interest of one girl whose family was fighting on the opposite side of the war.
 All this "Jeyne's life wouldn't have been totally ruined since she was not a virgin anymore" claims makes no sense either. First, it would have been very easy to keep it a secret. Second, even if it's not kept a secret, Robb could easily offer money and lands to find her a good match in marriage.
3490	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-09	If producers want the viewers to look ar RW and say OK, Robb was a somewhat goodhearted, selfish idiot. Too bad he died, but let's move on with the story then you are right.But if they want to deliver a gut punch to the viewers in RW by an emotional scene and that's what probably want to do the Robb story in the show didn't work.If you look at their comments, they basically did the Robb/Talisa story in the show to make people more sympathetic to Robb. How many people do you know that like Robb more now than they liked him in the end of S1? Ultimately showrunners had good intentions, but failed in execution.Everyone person I know that watches the show and hasn't read the books, without exception, strongly, strongly disagrees with you.  The only complaint I've heard was that two of them thought the wedding scene was kind of stolen from Braveheart.  That's it.  I know 6 people who watch the show that haven't read the books, 4 male, 2 female aged 25 - 31.  And a few weeks ago, when all this Robb/Talisa ire came up, I started asking around at work (4 people; 1 female, 3 male, age 35 - 50) as I knew several people there watched the show as well.  I asked specifically about Robb and Talisa, and they all liked it.  They liked Robb, they liked Talisa, they liked them together.I understand that my experience doesn't represent everyone, but in the limited cross section of the show's viewership I do have, opinions are unanimous.  My sister and her fiancee (aged 30 & 31) do like Robb far more than at the end of season 1.  They realize there are going to be huge consequences because of what he did, but a selfish idiot is far from what they call him.  They call him human.  How else would we be able to relate to characters that live in a world with ice demons, dragons, wargs, primogeniture, kings, etc. if they didn't make dumb mistakes for bad reasons like we do?  We are all dumb and selfish sometimes, I'm no exception.  But if Robb wasn't, he'd be a robot.  I didn't feel bad for Bishop when he got speared in Aliens... because he was a robot.  My sister actually made a parallel between Robb and Robert Baratheon in that winning a throne and keeping a throne are two totally different things. You can be good at one and suck at the other.  Something that, as a reader, I didn't.I think you (and I'm using the royal 'you' here, I don't mean you individually) run into dangerous territory when you try to project your experience of something onto someone else.   You are having an entirely different experience of the story from a non book reader and vice versa.  Someone on another board was convinced the burning of Winterfell wasn't a cliffhanger.  That no non reader was going to tune in next season wondering 'whodunit.'  But Monday morning, i got an email from a friend asking who the hell burned Winterfell!?  Was it the Greyjoys or (and I'm quoting directly here) "did the son of that creepy deputy of Robb's go rogue!?!?"Trying to make a statement on how a non reader experiences the show is like me trying to tell you how you experience chocolate ice cream.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 09 June 2012 - 04:20 PM.
3491	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-09	They realize there are going to be huge consequences because of what he did, but a selfish idiot is far from what they call himThey must have missed the scene he threw his toys out the pram with Catelyn then. He was pretty much the definition of a selfish idiot in that scene, and the one where he nobbed Talisa, and the ones where instead of running a war effort he spent all his time with Talisa.They call him human.  How else would we be able to relate to characters that live in a world with ice demons, dragons, wargs, primogeniture, kings, etc. if they didn't make dumb mistakes for bad reasons like we do?Oh well, they missed the point then. We're not meant to relate to Robb.It's alright guys, Cersei is no longer an obsessively amibtious driven maniac, she's just human. Ramsay's not a sick individual who revels in torture and rape, he's just human. Walder Frey isn't a turncloak duplicitous asshole, he's just human.With Robb, we are not meant to ask the question "what would we do"? To do so is to fail to understand the character and the tone of the series.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 09 June 2012 - 06:45 PM.
3492	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-09	They must have missed the scene he threw his toys out the pram with Catelyn then. He was pretty much the definition of a selfish idiot in that scene, and the one where he nobbed Talisa, and the ones where instead of running a war effort he spent all his time with Talisa.You lost me here.  I must have missed that scene too.  I don't recall Robb having a tantrum, or toys for that matter.  I'm not usually one for consensus, but I think I'm just going to have to agree to disagree with those that think a moment of weakness with a nurse while (most likely) being doped up on milk of the poppy, then consciously breaking an oath in a misguided, medieval-aged concept of honor in order to somehow redeem her honor is somehow more understandable than love.  I honestly don't get it, and I don't see the point in continuing the conversation.  It's alright guys, Cersei is no longer an obsessively amibtious driven maniac, she's just human. Ramsay's not a sick individual who revels in torture and rape, he's just human. Walder Frey isn't a turncloak duplicitous asshole, he's just human.I hate to be the one to have to tell you this but Cersei is human.  So is Walder Frey and all his children.  And Ned, and Arya, Joffrey, Jon Snow, Jorah Mormont, Tyrion, Maester Luwin, Khal Drogo, Osney Kettleblack, Mace Tyrell, Stannis, Randyll Tarly, Sam Tarly, I'm not willing to weigh in on Ramsay yet, there may be more going on there, but I think you get my point.  While certainly a work of incredible fiction, the main characters in A Song of Ice and Fire are not aliens, robots, trolls, angels, lizards, or jellyfish.  They are human characters with wants, needs, strengths, weaknesses, blind spots, flaws, aspirations, and goals.  That's the true strength of the series.  That Robb isn't some cookie cutter fantasy trope of the noble, wise, and righteous king.  He has a blind spot.  That Jaime isn't the cookie cutter fantasy trope of the noble knight.  He's a real fucking asshole.  That Ned was the cookie cutter fantasy trope of the noble, wise, and righteous lord, but it cost him his head.  Cersei is a human who just happens to be an obsessively ambitious-driven maniac.  Walder Frey is a human who just happens to be a duplicitous asshole.  In believing those negative traits to be mutually exclusive to being human, I envy you that you haven't met a human being in your life who was a duplicitous asshole.  They really suck.Moreover, I certainly don't understand what you mean by "just human."  You are "just human," as are your parents and your best friend.  Every saint, prophet, tyrant, pedophile, opportunist, rapist,  and genocidal maniac that has ever walked the earth has been "just human."  The fact that they also are in Martin's world and not demons, or possessed innocents is what makes his characters so rich and so great.  There is no Sauron, no Lord of Evil, no Satan.  Just humans (and white walkers, but they haven't been around for 8,000 years so...)  I'm sorry, but I think you are the one who fails to understand the tone of the series.  Oh well, they missed the point then. We're not meant to relate to Robb.We're not?  Are we at least supposed to care?  If we are, how do you propose to get an audience to care about a character?  If not, why watch the show?
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 09 June 2012 - 09:40 PM.
3493	Istakhr	2012-06-09	You lost me here.  I must have missed that scene too.  I don't recall Robb having a tantrum, or toys for that matter.  I'm not usually one for consensus, but I think I'm just going to have to agree to disagree with those that think a moment of weakness with a nurse while (most likely) being doped up on milk of the poppy, then consciously breaking an oath in a misguided, medieval-aged concept of honor in order to somehow redeem her honor is somehow more understandable than love.  I honestly don't get it, and I don't see the point in continuing the conversation.  A moment of weakness doesn't take days. He outright told his mother that he is going to be dishonorable because she made him angry and his honorable dad is dead. If that is not a petulant child throwing a tantrum I don't know what is. Book Robb had a blind spot. TV Robb has a moral failure, he is an entitled selfish idiot. The difference is between someone who tries to do the right thing and someone who knowingly does the wrong thing.
3494	Harrad	2012-06-09	Book Robb had a blind spot. TV Robb has a moral failure, he is an entitled selfish idiot.The difference is between someone who tries to do the right thing and someone who knowingly does the wrong thing.Book Robb was off-stage for all his important action. Fill in the blanks for what his excuses were for following his heart rather than his obligations. Same character, same actions, same results.
3495	Zod	2012-06-09	Thank you.I don't understand why love is such an incomprehensible reason to marry someone and break a vow, but a moment of weakness when one is injured and most likely doped up on milk of the poppy is?  In season 1 when Maester Aemon gave Jon the speech where he says "What is honor, compared to a woman's love?  What is duty against the feel of new born son in your arms?  Or a brother' smile?"  Were you rolling your eyes calling 'bullshit' on it?I mean, yeah, fuck the producers for wanting to have a sexual relationship in season two that isn't rape, prostitution, or manipulative.I ask this of the OP out of pure curiosity, no snark intended, but how many people do you know that haven't read the books but watch the show?  Have you asked their opinion?  What is their age/gender if I may ask?As to the inclusion of Stoneheart, it depends on what Martin does with her character.  As it stands right now at the end of Dance, I'm still unsure as to why she was brought back.  That being said, I'm sure Martin has something amazing up his sleeve for her reason and it's going to kick my ass.Lastly, to the titular topic of this thread, does Robb need to be redeemed?  He fucks up and gets killed for it.  Do you view Robb's crime as grievous as Theon's or Jaime's that he requires protracted redemption? Most of the people that I know who watch the TV show have not read the books.Also, most of the people that I know who read the books have not watched the TV show yet.Weird, huh.
3496	Zod	2012-06-09	I still don't see how Book Robb is any less selfish and stupid. Even if we excuse him for having sex with Jeyne due to grief and all the pressure on him, he still didn't have to marry her. His honor demanded to keep his word to the Freys, his duty demanded that the interest of his millions of subjects take clear precendence before the interest of one girl whose family was fighting on the opposite side of the war.All this "Jeyne's life wouldn't have been totally ruined since she was not a virgin anymore" claims makes no sense either. First, it would have been very easy to keep it a secret. Second, even if it's not kept a secret, Robb could easily offer money and lands to find her a good match in marriage.Talisa would most likely be deemed as "deflowered" when she has sex with a second man, as her vaginal film thingy would be ripped/broken after her first intercourse.Girls in G. R. R. M.'s story were not very active, so it would be very likely that the vaginal film thingy would not be ripped until upon their first intercourse.Nowadays, girls are very active, which is why their vaginal film thingy would be ripped at childhood.This is exactly why in many Arabic countries, checking a girl's vagina can determine whether or not she is a virgin, since they are not very active.That was also why Egypt conducted random virginity tests on girls a few months back, which angered a lot of people.
3497	Stag's Fury	2012-06-09	But that's not entirely true in Westetos, especially for high born ladies like say...Margaret, who can easily have ripped it when out horse riding.
3498	Zod	2012-06-09	But that's not entirely true in Westetos, especially for high born ladies like say...Margaret, who can easily have ripped it when out horse riding.Do you mean Princess Margaret, daughter of Queen Elizabeth II?
3499	Davos55	2012-06-10	I can't wait for him to get killed in the show. It better be amazing. 
"Jaime Lannister sends his regards"
3500	Stag's Fury	2012-06-10	Do you mean Princess Margaret, daughter of Queen Elizabeth II?lol stupid autospell on phone, I meant Margaery
3501	David Selig	2012-06-10	Talisa would most likely be deemed as "deflowered" when she has sex with a second man, as her vaginal film thingy would be ripped/broken after her first intercourse.Girls in G. R. R. M.'s story were not very active, so it would be very likely that the vaginal film thingy would not be ripped until upon their first intercourse.Nowadays, girls are very active, which is why their vaginal film thingy would be ripped at childhood.This is exactly why in many Arabic countries, checking a girl's vagina can determine whether or not she is a virgin, since they are not very active.That was also why Egypt conducted random virginity tests on girls a few months back, which angered a lot of people. It's straight out shown in the books that the lack of hymen doesn't mean much for noble women in Westeros:Still, the absence of a bloody sheet meant little, by itself. Common peasant girls bled like pigs upon their wedding nights, she had heard, but that was less true of highborn maids like Margaery Tyrell. A lordâ<U+0080><U+0099>s daughter was more like to give her maidenhead to a horse than a husband
3502	teemo	2012-06-10	What redemption arc?  Love you, Roose!
3503	teemo	2012-06-10	I can't wait for him to get killed in the show. It better be amazing."Jaime Lannister sends his regards"hah, you beat me to it.
3504	Aubry	2012-06-10	Book Robb was off-stage for all his important action. Fill in the blanks for what his excuses were for following his heart rather than his obligations. Same character, same actions, same results.I have to disagree with that. I think the character and actions are quite different. Robb was offstage but we know that he had just heard of his brothers' deaths at Theon's hands, we know he was injured and Jeyne nursed him, we know he felt guilty for what he had done, we know he was away from many of his counsellors at the time, and we know that he was very young with a rather naive idealisation of honour and chivalry. The HBO situation is entirely different. He's determined to have his own way regardless of the cost to the war effort. It recasts his character.Even more than that, HBO have entirely changed the relationship between Cat and Robb at this point. Take the scene where a sheepish young Robb tricks his mother into buying the 'crazy things we do for love' line, and the aftermath where Cat sees the damage he's done, but reflects that he is terribly young, that there's an upside if Jeyne is healthy and can give him kids, and hopes things can be put right. Compare that to HBO's Robb who refuses counsel and marries Talisa not only in spite of his mother, but partly to spite her. My heart breaks for how human book Robb is and how hard he tries to do the right thing by everyone. HBO Robb is a selfish brat.Talisa would most likely be deemed as "deflowered" when she has sex with a second man, as her vaginal film thingy would be ripped/broken after her first intercourse.Girls in G. R. R. M.'s story were not very active, so it would be very likely that the vaginal film thingy would not be ripped until upon their first intercourse.Nowadays, girls are very active, which is why their vaginal film thingy would be ripped at childhood.This is exactly why in many Arabic countries, checking a girl's vagina can determine whether or not she is a virgin, since they are not very active.That was also why Egypt conducted random virginity tests on girls a few months back, which angered a lot of people.Hymen.
3505	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-06-10	The reason Robb had to die was because what he did to Lord Rickard Karstark. He thought it was more important to keep up his "honor" to the enemy, then to be loyal to his own bannerman. I found that ridiculous. At that point, I didn't care that Robb was going to be murdered. He deserved it. It was just bad karma.
(While reading the books, I knew in advance Robb was going to die. Because some idiot put a little cross next to his name in some wikipedia. Thanks for that. I was very careful to not read spoilers, when I watched the tv-series. But that one was unavoidable. When I started reading the books, I then had to read 6000 pages without being able to consult any information from any website. The risk of spoilers was just too high).
					
					
							Edited by Gryz, 10 June 2012 - 04:44 AM.
3506	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-10	You lost me here.  I must have missed that scene too.Then you're not watching very diligently.I'm not usually one for consensus, but I think I'm just going to have to agree to disagree with those that think a moment of weakness with a nurse while (most likely) being doped up on milk of the poppy, then consciously breaking an oath in a misguided, medieval-aged concept of honor in order to somehow redeem her honor is somehow more understandable than love.  I honestly don't get it, and I don't see the point in continuing the conversation.The fact you are using modern standards as your sole criterion on which to judge Robb for his "misguided medieval honour" shows that you have missed the point. Robb is many good things, but he is no social activist.I hate to be the one to have to tell you this but Cersei is human.You've spectacularly missed my point.So is Walder Frey and all his children.  And Ned, and Arya, Joffrey, Jon Snow, Jorah Mormont, Tyrion, Maester Luwin, Khal Drogo, Osney Kettleblack, Mace Tyrell, Stannis, Randyll Tarly, Sam Tarly, I'm not willing to weigh in on Ramsay yet, there may be more going on there, but I think you get my point.  While certainly a work of incredible fiction, the main characters in A Song of Ice and Fire are not aliens, robots, trolls, angels, lizards, or jellyfish.  They are human characters with wants, needs, strengths, weaknesses, blind spots, flaws, aspirations, and goals.  That's the true strength of the series.  That Robb isn't some cookie cutter fantasy trope of the noble, wise, and righteous king.  He has a blind spot.  That Jaime isn't the cookie cutter fantasy trope of the noble knight.  He's a real fucking asshole.  That Ned was the cookie cutter fantasy trope of the noble, wise, and righteous lord, but it cost him his head.  Cersei is a human who just happens to be an obsessively ambitious-driven maniac.  Walder Frey is a human who just happens to be a duplicitous asshole.  In believing those negative traits to be mutually exclusive to being human, I envy you that you haven't met a human being in your life who was a duplicitous asshole.  They really suck.Moreover, I certainly don't understand what you mean by "just human."  You are "just human," as are your parents and your best friend.  Every saint, prophet, tyrant, pedophile, opportunist, rapist,  and genocidal maniac that has ever walked the earth has been "just human."  The fact that they also are in Martin's world and not demons, or possessed innocents is what makes his characters so rich and so great.  There is no Sauron, no Lord of Evil, no Satan.  Just humans (and white walkers, but they haven't been around for 8,000 years so...)  I'm sorry, but I think you are the one who fails to understand the tone of the series.Yeah, you've missed the point, unless you were being purposefully facetious. The point is that by justifying idiocy and selfishness with the argument "oh he/she's just human", you simultaneously justify (or at least provide a get out clause for) thousands of other acts. Before anyone points out that Robb's transgression is minor compared to many others (though less so in the show), it's not jsut the scale of the justification, but also the grounds. The day that completely unjustifiable and purposefully selfish with no mitigating circumstances actions become semi-justifiable if not fully because people "are just human", a very slippery slope begins.We're not?  Are we at least supposed to care?  If we are, how do you propose to get an audience to care about a character?  If not, why watch the show?Sympathy and empathy are two subtly but significantly different things.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 10 June 2012 - 06:42 AM.
3507	Reposado	2012-06-10	Book Robb was off-stage for all his important action. Fill in the blanks for what his excuses were for following his heart rather than his obligations. Same character, same actions, same results.eh, book robb made a mistake, did what he thought was right after thatshow robb pursued talisa from the first minute he saw her. then he publicly courted her while he was suppose to be warring. (pretty sure i even heard bolton making "whipped" noises)different actions/ same resultsbut hey, let's just keep pretending there were the only two ways to plot this. that it was this nonsense or going straight from the book. that they couldn't have come up with something, yknow, good
3508	victim	2012-06-10	Wow, a lot of hating on Robb in this thread. I really like the guy. 
If anything, the reason why I found the storyline of him and Talisa contrived was that it was pretty much his arc in a nutshell. What I mean is that here's this guy who's leading thousands of men into constant battles, yet all we see of him is when he's with his nurse wife. The Rooster Bolton scenes were great though. What we need from Robb next season, pre-RW, is more battle planning with the Boltons, Umbers, Tullys, Karstarks and all the bros. For example, I really want to see Robb ordering Bolton to take Harrenhal. He needs to become a badass again, ala the end of the first season, for audiences everywhere to be truly mortified when he dies.
Also, in terms of the Red Wedding being solely about the end to Cat's arc, I very much disagree. It was the end to the major part of the Northern Rebellion/King in the North arc that started in A Game. Catelyn was an important part of that whole story, but it was not entirely her own.
3509	YTDN	2012-06-10	I think that's a problem with pacing, and the fact they have to fit in all the other characters plots as well. Since they only had limited time with Robb, D & D had to make the choice over what was the most important part of Robb's arc. In the end it seems they decided that the romance had to take priority for reasons of budget and their desire to spend enough time on it for it to seem like a natural romance. I imagine next season they'll focus more on the war aspects, now that the romance is established and the war is taking a different turn, since in Clash it's basically lots of wins, which while awesome for Robb would look a bit dull on screen,
3510	Frey Pie	2012-06-10	Thank you.I don't understand why love is such an incomprehensible reason to marry someone and break a vow, but a moment of weakness when one is injured and most likely doped up on milk of the poppy is?  In season 1 when Maester Aemon gave Jon the speech where he says "What is honor, compared to a woman's love?  What is duty against the feel of new born son in your arms?  Or a brother' smile?"  Were you rolling your eyes calling 'bullshit' on it?I mean, yeah, fuck the producers for wanting to have a sexual relationship in season two that isn't rape, prostitution, or manipulative.I ask this of the OP out of pure curiosity, no snark intended, but how many people do you know that haven't read the books but watch the show?  Have you asked their opinion?  What is their age/gender if I may ask?As to the inclusion of Stoneheart, it depends on what Martin does with her character.  As it stands right now at the end of Dance, I'm still unsure as to why she was brought back.  That being said, I'm sure Martin has something amazing up his sleeve for her reason and it's going to kick my ass.Lastly, to the titular topic of this thread, does Robb need to be redeemed?  He fucks up and gets killed for it.  Do you view Robb's crime as grievous as Theon's or Jaime's that he requires protracted redemption?I know a good few and they dont really care for him. Mostly lads but a few girls as well. One of them wanted to be spoiled so i told her about the RW and she didnt find it in the least shocking. Would Robb have belittled his mother and fathers relationship in the books? I dont think soK i think you might pick me up wrong. I actually think Robb and Jeyne loved eachother. It was a moment of passion but in the end love won out. I have no problem with that and im actually a bit of a romantic so dont think its the love story im against because it couldnt be further from the truth. I think the post below yours summed it up for me. When Robb died it was like a punch in the stomach. I just feel hes less likeable in the series then the books and that many others feel this also which will affect the influence of the RW.
3511	Frey Pie	2012-06-10	I have to disagree with that. I think the character and actions are quite different. Robb was offstage but we know that he had just heard of his brothers' deaths at Theon's hands, we know he was injured and Jeyne nursed him, we know he felt guilty for what he had done, we know he was away from many of his counsellors at the time, and we know that he was very young with a rather naive idealisation of honour and chivalry. The HBO situation is entirely different. He's determined to have his own way regardless of the cost to the war effort. It recasts his character.Even more than that, HBO have entirely changed the relationship between Cat and Robb at this point. Take the scene where a sheepish young Robb tricks his mother into buying the 'crazy things we do for love' line, and the aftermath where Cat sees the damage he's done, but reflects that he is terribly young, that there's an upside if Jeyne is healthy and can give him kids, and hopes things can be put right. Compare that to HBO's Robb who refuses counsel and marries Talisa not only in spite of his mother, but partly to spite her. My heart breaks for how human book Robb is and how hard he tries to do the right thing by everyone. HBO Robb is a selfish brat.Hymen.I agree completely-even the hymen part /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> . Robb wasnt a POV but he was the most important Stark for two books. I could easily relate to him-who wouldnt wanna be a King and be popular and love by his subjects? I wish he didnt marry Jeyne because of what happened but i can understand it
3512	winterstood	2012-06-10	I don't think TV Show Robb was a fool or selfish. I think he was still reeling from his mother's betrayal plus news that winterfell had been captured (though on the show he hasn't been told that they were 'killed') and that was his 'weak moment' as opposed to the books where his weak moment was news that his mother let jaime lannister escape + physical injury + winterfell being captured and rickon & bran being killed.....in both he has a 'weak moment' and gives in to physical desire out of a need for solace and then marries the girl to protect her honor. In the tv show, I think that was the motivating factor for the wedding even though it wasn't as explicitly outlined - he naturally felt that was the right thinig to do after having sex with a woman - to marry her! TV Show robb is idolized by millions (at least hundreds of thousands) of girls/women as evidenced by all the fan tumblr sites out there - because the actor portraying him is very good looking - so that alone will have tv fans rooting for him. Oh I think for the tv show viewers who haven't read the books - the "red wedding" especially if they do it right (devote a whole show to it - make it the finale - with the proper pacing and details - combine the arya/hound arc with it and show the full brutality of it - have the 'beating drums' and all the other crucial details...) will be a SHOCKER on par with the book's version and have EVERYBODY in arms (who didn't already spoil it for themselves by looking it up on the internet).
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 10 June 2012 - 12:09 PM.
3513	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-10	Then you're not watching very diligently.You're probably right.The fact you are using modern standards as your sole criterion on which to judge Robb for his "misguided medieval honour" shows that you have missed the point. Robb is many good things, but he is no social activist.I think moral relativism is an empty philosophy, but that's a discussion for another forum entirely.  If that's what you took from my post, then it's my fault.  I'm not judging Robb's actions, or at least I certainly didn't mean to.  I meant to say that BookRobb broke his vow for x reason (stated above), and TVRobb broke his vow for y reason, (simply for love).  I wasn't making a moral statement on which is more justifiable or selfish or reprehensible, but was trying to say that I can understand TVRobb's motivation a lot more than I can understand BookRobb's for breaking his vow.One quick note before moving on.  It seems to me that (TV version at least) Robb is a bit of a social activist though.  He is mobilizing a resistance movement against a tyrant.  He opposes torture, I think it's safe to say he opposes slavery, and he advocates the ethical treatment of enemy prisoners, the first and last of those being against the protestations of his advisers.  All three of those things he's doing, I think, are quite "modern" stances on wartime thought.  I mean, in 2012 the use of torture is still vehemently advocated by many in supposed "civilized" countries.Yeah, you've missed the point, unless you were being purposefully facetious. The point is that by justifying idiocy and selfishness with the argument "oh he/she's just human", you simultaneously justify (or at least provide a get out clause for) thousands of other acts. Before anyone points out that Robb's transgression is minor compared to many others (though less so in the show), it's not jsut the scale of the justification, but also the grounds. The day that completely unjustifiable and purposefully selfish with no mitigating circumstances actions become semi-justifiable if not fully because people "are just human", a very slippery slope begins.If a justification for atrocity is what you got from that post, maybe I did miss your point.  Since you decided to make it almost purely through sarcasm, perhaps I'm allowed a little leeway.  But I think I see the opportunity for common ground here (I hope).  And yes, I was being a little facetious, but only in delivery, not in content.  First, I think 'justify' isn't the right word.  I never used it, and to be honest, I don't think what I posted in any way justifies atrocious behavior.  But, again, if that's what you took from it, I'll accept responsibility.  I'm not going to accuse you of not reading my post diligently enough (kidding... not really).What I took from your post was you believe that in my arguing that Cersei, Walder, et al are human characters, this somehow exonerates them of their crimes or otherwise abdicates them of responsibility for them.  This couldn't be further from what I believe or intended.  Like I said, I'm not a moral relativist.  Cersei, Walder, et al need to get what's coming to them.  In the words of many characters from The Wire: they need to get got.  The fact that a pedophile rapes children because he was repeatedly raped as child, in no way exonerates him of the crime.  It merely allows us to understand why it happened.  Nothing more.  When we learn that Maggy's prophesy is basically the main reason why Cersei has always hated Tyrion and why she treats him the way she does, that information in no way justifies her behavior toward him.  it merely sheds light on the source of said behavior.And it's the same with Robb.  I certainly didn't mean to imply that somehow just because he was deep in the throes of love and consumed with "the prize of all too precious you," it justifies him breaking his vow.  On the contrary.  I do agree with you that TVRobb's action was incredibly selfish.  But so was BookRobb's.  As Harrad has said several times on this thread, regardless of how TVRobb arrived at the destination of breaking his vow, he arrived there nonetheless.  And yes, in both cases it's selfish.  But, I'll reiterate, to me, breaking his vow because he's deeply in love is simply more understandable (not justifiable) than breaking a vow for a concept of honor I am 600 years removed from.Sympathy and empathy are two subtly but significantly different things.Well said.  And I agree.  A friend of mine who hasn't read the books and I were talking after the finale and when Robb came up, he said "He's fucked.  He's a man after my own heart, but he's fucked."  He and I are able to empathize with Robb despite his selfish behavior because of the motivation behind it.  If you can't, that's fine.  You have every right to think that's not an acceptable motivation.  But you don't have the right to dictate to me what my personal experience of the show is.I've missed it until now, but the title of this thread is a nice little rhyme.  As far a the "Robb Stark redemptive arc" is concerned I think it's cut short (obviously).  He needs to be the cautionary tale he is in Feast and Dance.  "Won every battle but lost everything."  He also serves to prove Tywin's comment (however much it may hurt) that boy kings are the ruination of their house.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 10 June 2012 - 04:34 PM.
3514	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-10	I know a good few and they dont really care for him. Mostly lads but a few girls as well. One of them wanted to be spoiled so i told her about the RW and she didnt find it in the least shocking. Would Robb have belittled his mother and fathers relationship in the books? I dont think soYeah, I don't think so either.  You're right about that.  I think the shift is going to be away from shock value that the Red Wedding happened, and more to the severity of it.  Everyone I know who hasn't read the books knows something is going to happen to him.  And they know that since this is Game of Thrones, that something is going to be bad.  If they just deserted him or killed him, yeah, people wouldn't be that surprised.  But I think Winterstood is right in that the breadth of how vicious it really is will still be shocking.  I mean, under guest rights (which i hope they explain more and play up next season) they kill their king, the kings mother, several of their Lords Paramount in the Tullys, and a lot of Robb's army too if I'm not mistaken, at least those loyal to him.  I think It's still going to shock.  The scope of the betrayal is huge.K i think you might pick me up wrong. I actually think Robb and Jeyne loved eachother. It was a moment of passion but in the end love won out. I have no problem with that and im actually a bit of a romantic so dont think its the love story im against because it couldnt be further from the truth. I think the post below yours summed it up for me. When Robb died it was like a punch in the stomach. I just feel hes less likeable in the series then the books and that many others feel this also which will affect the influence of the RW.Good to know and quite glad to hear it (the first part anyway).  I cannot argue against that.  I can only say that you feel that way now, and you have every right to.  I think it's safe to say the RW will be the season 3 finale.  That means the writers have almost 10 hours to get you back in Robb's corner.  Since a lot of pre-RW stuff happened off page, who knows what they have in store for Robb and Talisa.  I can certainly understand that if you don't like the changes they've made so far, you're won't be too optimistic they will be able to, but they certainly have a lot of time to do it.  As you can tell from reading my posts, I'm already on board.  So I truly hope for your sake, for everyone's sake who agrees with you, that they can turn it around for you in the next ten hours.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 10 June 2012 - 03:25 PM.
3515	SerMixalot	2012-06-10	Third Reed, you are quite wise indeed. and if I may add, pity to your list.
3516	Thunderfist	2012-06-10	Robb is beyond redemption. I just feel sorry for Grey Wind and everyone else getting caught it the shitstorm
3517	Strider	2012-06-10	I so much prefer the HBO-Robb to Book-Robb.  Book Robb is a boy who marries a girl after a night of sex in order to save her honor, knowing that the action was also dishonorable.  This was the action of an adolescent.  There's nothing epic about it, despite claims to the contrary.  Book-Robb is a boy who sacrifices his house for a minor point of honor.  Nobody, but Robb himself, thinks this was a right decision.  On the contrary, they think he's acted dishonorably and stupidly!  The only reason his mother doesn't rebuke him more strongly is because she's already released Jaime Lannister and is thus compromised herself.
HBO-Robb, on the other hand, sacrifices his house for the sake of love.  Was it selfish?  Of course.  Was it dishonorable?  Of course.  But it was also something that any man might well have done.  It you do not understand this, then it's only because you have never known the power of love.  JBO-Robb's decision was not thoughtlessly done.  Unlike Book-Robb, who thoughtlessly throws away his kingdom after a single night of sex, Book-Robb thinks about his decision for many days (weeks?).  It is an adult decision, which is what makes HBO-Robb so much more human and interesting than Book-Robb.  
Paris sacrificed Troy for the sake of Helen--and even Priam understood.  
The HBO writers rightly decided that Robb needed to become a major force in the second season, and they rightly judged that if they followed the book his decision would be virtually incomprehensible to the HBO audience.  Book-Robb's decision hardly makes sense in the books, which is a good reason never to give him his own POV.  In the books, he's a minor character who suffers an end he really doesn't deserve.  In the series, he's major character who creates his own tragedy.
3518	Lord Over	2012-06-11	In the books, I liked Robb via 'proxy'...his cause was 'just' and while I didn't feel any strong feelings towards him, I would not be angry if he won the war (as opposed to, say, The Ironborn). Thus, while I didn't like him, he avoided the pitfall of making me hate him. Since I am one of the few beings on this planet who cheer for villains and actually LIKE characters like Cersei and don't enjoy her fall, you can see it can be very, VERY hard for a fictional character to make me wish him/her death.
 That I am looking forward to the demise of TV-Robb is a testament to how much the showrunners fucked up his character arc. That my sister, who did not read the books, actually clapped her hands when I told her that this mistake will cost Robb his life is a testament to just how insipid this love story.
3519	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-11	I think moral relativism is an empty philosophy, but that's a discussion for another forum entirely.  If that's what you took from my post, then it's my fault.  I'm not judging Robb's actions, or at least I certainly didn't mean to.  I meant to say that BookRobb broke his vow for x reason (stated above), and TVRobb broke his vow for y reason, (simply for love).  I wasn't making a moral statement on which is more justifiable or selfish or reprehensible, but was trying to say that I can understand TVRobb's motivation a lot more than I can understand BookRobb's for breaking his vow.I agree about moral relativism to an extent, but I wouldn't say that's what this is really. I'd say it's more a contextualisation. To Robb, marrying Jeyne is what constitutes "honour". We can debate how honourable it was, but in the context of a feudal medieval setting, Robb's actions are more understandable (and personally, I think they're relatively honourable in a modern setting if marriage and virginity were to hold the same significance as they did then). Robb adheres to the medieval code because it is the only one he knows. As such, we can pass some modern scorn upon him, but it cannot be used as the sole means of doing so. I'm getting too wordy over this, but I'll try and sum up. Society and gender relations have improved very slowly over a significant period of time mainly because of the actions of great men, women and various movements. Robb is many good things, but he is never going to question or shine a new light upon medieval gender relations, short of treating his wife with respect.As a side note here, while I was considering this, it humourously occured to me that in a perverse way, Littlefinger is one of the most socially progressive people in ASOIAF.One quick note before moving on. Snip.I broadly agree, and that's a very fair point. Admittedly the use of torture and slavery do seem to be viewed dimly within Westeros, but Robb is certainly willing to treat his prisoners with respect (though he is probably aware he's fighting a war for hearts and minds to some extent).If a justification for atrocity is what you got from that post, maybe I did miss your point.  Since you decided to make it almost purely through sarcasm, perhaps I'm allowed a little leeway.  But I think I see the opportunity for common ground here (I hope).  And yes, I was being a little facetious, but only in delivery, not in content.  First, I think 'justify' isn't the right word.  I never used it, and to be honest, I don't think what I posted in any way justifies atrocious behavior.  But, again, if that's what you took from it, I'll accept responsibility.  I'm not going to accuse you of not reading my post diligently enough (kidding... not really).TBF, I went into a detailed explanation whereby I did make it clear that many of these opinions make people's actions semi or fully justifiable. I also used the phrase moral get-out clause which heavily leans which doesn't really imply full justification. My beef lay with this notion of your friends that we can somehow absolve Robb of criminal negligence as a means of prolonged criticism because "he's just human".And it's the same with Robb.  I certainly didn't mean to imply that somehow just because he was deep in the throes of love and consumed with "the prize of all too precious you," it justifies him breaking his vow.  On the contrary.  I do agree with you that TVRobb's action was incredibly selfish.  But so was BookRobb's.  As Harrad has said several times on this thread, regardless of how TVRobb arrived at the destination of breaking his vow, he arrived there nonetheless.  And yes, in both cases it's selfish.  But, I'll reiterate, to me, breaking his vow because he's deeply in love is simply more understandable (not justifiable) than breaking a vow for a concept of honor I am 600 years removed from.Yes but that's not the point. The point is you're not meant to understand fully Robb's notion of honour because Robb's notion of honour isn't the same notion of honour as yours and mine. We can't understand it because it's not fully understandable to us. That's why the characters do shit in the books that we find strange. Because they're not us. We can find much sympathy in ASOIAF, and we can see broad strokes of empathy (I imagine Catelyn is an empathetic character for some modern mothers, not being either a parent or a woman I couldn't say for sure), but to try and consider major actions as something we can relate to directly is to somewhat miss the point of the novels IMO.I would also contest this notion that Book Robb, who acts somewhat rashly at a time of extreme sadness and vulnerability and then finds himself in what was clearly a moral dilemma for him (see the ASOS chapter where he brushes between his affection for Jeyne and his genuine regret at both losing and offending the Freys) is comparably selfish with Show Robb, who ignores the war effort in order to spend time with this woman, continues actively seeking her out as he becomes more aware of his attraction to her, and who then takes a significant time to choose to both nob her and then to seek and dismiss advice to the contrary.If I were to offer a modern example.My team mate and I are playing football (soccer). During the match he is repeatedly kicked, but no decisions are given his way. Indeed, the referee who is meant to be guaranteeing fair play seems to be trying his best to let the other team kick this player (the referee is a poor example of Theon). Near the end of the game, he loses his temper momentarily and lashes out at the person who fouled him. By doing so, he gets sent off, letting his team down.My team mate and I are playing football (soccer). He has an early confrontation with a player on the opposing side, which is broken up. As these players are playing on opposite sides of the pitch, this theoretically means that they shouldn't interact any more than is necessary. However, my team mate decides to seek out the opposing player, even when he knows this guy will foul him and try and frustrate him. Despite our pleas, this time mate eventually gets into one dispute too many and gets himself sent off.One final scenario, two vastly different buildups.Well said.  And I agree.  A friend of mine who hasn't read the books and I were talking after the finale and when Robb came up, he said "He's fucked.  He's a man after my own heart, but he's fucked."  He and I are able to empathize with Robb despite his selfish behavior because of the motivation behind it.  If you can't, that's fine.  You have every right to think that's not an acceptable motivation.  But you don't have the right to dictate to me what my personal experience of the show is.I have every right to dictate to you why I think you've missed the point, as you do to me.I can empathise with show Robb too to an extent, as everybody has had to face up to lust once in a while. Yet I'm not meant to. I'm not seeking a modern love story in a medieval feudal setting. We're not meant to empathise with Robb, to do so is the miss the point of his character.I direct you to the Cogman interview in the news section. He manages to describe in a very short paragraph why the writers have got Robb completely wrong.Third Reed, you are quite wise indeed. and if I may add, pity to your list.Thank you /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 11 June 2012 - 07:20 AM.
3520	Frey Pie	2012-06-11	Seems theres more of a difference in opinion then i at first assumed. I never thought a few people would prefer show Robb to book Robb...
3521	bikie	2012-06-11	my problem with robb and some characters is that it seems D&D are modernizing them, basing their decisions on emotions we could relate to (he's a horny teenager who fell in love and wants what the heart wants), whereas GRRM created characters who made their decisions based on the era he created... it is much more interesting for me to see them act through the social customs and expectations of the time they are in, versus making decisions based on the 21st century thinking...
3522	YTDN	2012-06-11	my problem with robb and some characters is that it seems D&D are modernizing them, basing their decisions on emotions we could relate to (he's a horny teenager who fell in love and wants what the heart wants), whereas GRRM created characters who made their decisions based on the era he created... it is much more interesting for me to see them act through the social customs and expectations of the time they are in, versus making decisions based on the 21st century thinking...Well, you have to remember they are making a TV show. ASOIAF may be popular, but it's still pretty niche when compared to the interests of the general population. D&D are trying to make a show that appeals to a wider audience and justifies the budget HBO is showering on them.
3523	bikie	2012-06-11	Well, you have to remember they are making a TV show. ASOIAF may be popular, but it's still pretty niche when compared to the interests of the general population. D&D are trying to make a show that appeals to a wider audience and justifies the budget HBO is showering on them.understood but it would be an assumption that the ratings would be any worse/same/better if they were more faithful to the book, which I thought season one was and delivered in the ratings as well... frankly I do not think D&D are giving the audience enough credit, in fact, i think they are woefully underestimating them.... to each his own...
3524	YTDN	2012-06-11	understood but it would be an assumption that the ratings would be any worse/same/better if they were more faithful to the book, which I thought season one was and delivered in the ratings as well... frankly I do not think D&D are giving the audience enough credit, in fact, i think they are woefully underestimating them.... to each his own...Well, in the context of this particular change, I think Areo said it best. Robb and Jeyne's one-night-stand followed by honour-marriage worked in the book, because fans of the books had already invested themselves enough in the world to understand the honour system that made Robb feel like he had to act the way he did. However, for the television audience this kind of development would be seen as odd and contrived (I think some book readers had the same criticism as well), and because they haven't been immersed in the world as much they would find it harder to understand his reasoning, while marrying for love is, while cliched, a reason that pretty much all the audience can understand and sympathise with.It's a matter of different mediums and different audiences, and I think neither one is instrinsically better.
3525	Frey Pie	2012-06-11	I would agree that DandD have dumbed it down but i never really thought of it with Talisa/Jeyne. Yara/Asha being a key example of this. Was it the honour system of Robb and Ned they were against tho? I always just thought love is an easier motive to relate to and so they made the change. Why the girl couldnt be called Jeyne i dont know unless theyre working up to her actually being Jeyne and a big betrayal in the next season....
3526	YTDN	2012-06-11	I don't really get the Jeyne/Talisa swap thing, but I guess because Jeyne was a non-entity in the book, they decided to take her role as Robb's love interest and reason to break his word to the Frey's and make a character solely revolving around that, cutting out the Westerling supporting cast for budget reasons. Also since we have Jeyne Poole playing a rather big role in later seasons, they wanted to avoid recurring names.
3527	Lord Over	2012-06-11	Third Reed's ability to build a strong concise logical argument without losing temper is an orgasmic treat for the eyes.
3528	Slingingstones	2012-06-11	Robb made a political mistake.  It did not warrant loss of life by murder, especially after the law of hospitality (bread & salt) was extended and most certainly the RW was far more evil than his marriage.  Morally speaking, the end does not justify the means.  As many bastards that are kicking around in ASOIAF, it would have been a simple task for any Septon to unmake Robb and Talisa's vows to keep Walder Frey happy; but, where would our story be then.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 11 June 2012 - 04:51 PM.
3529	SerMixalot	2012-06-11	oh yeah, gee always pick on the old horny guy!  its always HIS fault.
Look at the facts
1. He lived up to his end of the agreement
2. He expected his blood to be queen and possibly a future king.
3. He said "Mayhaps"
not his fault if Robb etal werent paying attention
3530	Mulled Wino	2012-06-11	I agree completely-even the hymen part /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> . Robb wasnt a POV but he was the most important Stark for two books. I could easily relate to him-who wouldnt wanna be a King and be popular and love by his subjects? I wish he didnt marry Jeyne because of what happened but i can understand itWhat Part of marrying Jeyne do you understand?
3531	dtones520	2012-06-11	For acting in a selfish & irresponsible way to his station, people and vow?  Instead of tying his house to his bannerman, he marries...no one.  Instead of placing his realm as King of the North as his priority, he places personal desire first.  Instead of holding to his word, he intentionally and with forethought goes and breaks his vow to his bannerman.How is that any different than book Robb? Sure, the reason for marriage is slightly different, but the rest is all the same. In the book Robb marries a girl from an enemy house with very few soldiers to add to his cause.  He places his personal desire for "honor" first. Instead of holding his word he intentionally and with very little forethought goes and breaks his vow to his bannerman.So, everything that comes from Robb marrying Jeyne happens with Talisa. The only difference is that Robb marries Talisa because he fell in love with her. He married Jeyne because he popped her cherry and felt ba about it. He was a king, all he had to do was say to the Westerlings was "sorry, she spread her legs"So what if he was grieving for his, thought to be, dead brothers. In the show Robb knows Winterfell was lost, he knows Theon betrayed him and has heard nothing of Bran and Rickons condition. You can make a pretty stupid decision with that going on.
3532	Frey Pie	2012-06-12	What Part of marrying Jeyne do you understand?Have you ever made a mistake in your life and wanted to make up for it? Thats what i can understand. I also think that putting the whole honour thing aside Robb and Jeyne did fall for eachother. Also relatable. Sure it was the stupid thing to do but many people have made bad mistakes and shouldnt be villified for it
3533	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-12	I'd say it's more a contextualisation. To Robb, marrying Jeyne is what constitutes "honour". We can debate how honourable it was, but in the context of a feudal medieval setting, [...] Robb is many good things, but he is never going to question or shine a new light upon medieval gender relations, short of treating his wife with respect.Okay, just as I suspected, common ground.  I agree with you on the contextualization, that's good term.  And for the most part I agree with the vast majority of this paragraph.  I think the only thing we can judge him on, regardless of time period, is putting his love life (regardless of who & how) above his troops, his cause.  But since we both have already agreed this is selfish, there's no use in belaboring the point.  As to him never shining a light on medieval gender relations, as it stands, you're right.  Had he not put himself over his cause and troops and the RW never happened, I think TVRobb may have become one of those great men you spoke of that advances a cause.  TVRobb certainly loves his mother.  A lot.  They've really made a point of how close they are in the show.  And Catelyn is honest, headstrong, bold, and confident.  Many things they have shown Talisa to be (so far).  I always took his relationship with Talisa to be slightly Oedipal in that regard, he basically married his mom.  So, who knows, between his admiration for his mother and his love of his wife, maybe he would have advanced the role of women.  But we'll never know.My beef lay with this notion of your friends that we can somehow absolve Robb of criminal negligence as a means of prolonged criticism because "he's just human".We can't.  And even if we could, being "just human" wouldn't satisfy the requirement.  That's what the middle two paragraphs of my previous post were about.Yes but that's not the point. The point is you're not meant to understand fully Robb's notion of honour because Robb's notion of honour isn't the same notion of honour as yours and mine. We can't understand it because it's not fully understandable to us. That's why the characters do shit in the books that we find strange. Because they're not us. We can find much sympathy in ASOIAF, and we can see broad strokes of empathy (I imagine Catelyn is an empathetic character for some modern mothers, not being either a parent or a woman I couldn't say for sure), but to try and consider major actions as something we can relate to directly is to somewhat miss the point of the novels IMO.Which is precisely why I think the shift to a straight love story was the wiser move in adapting the story to the screen.  As I said, and I take from that paragraph you would agree, we're 600 years removed from that notion of honor, it isn't, as you say, "fully understandable."  You made my point better than I could.I still take issue with you not thinking we're meant to relate.  I think, on some level, we're meant to relate with every character any author writes.  Finding that humanity is what makes characters worth taking an interest in, and it's the mark of a great author, which Martin certainly is.  But this is a debate for literature as a whole and I don't want to deviate too much.  I can't relate to Robb leading a host to war.  I can't relate to Theon sneaking behind enemy lines and taking a castle.  But I can relate to wanting to prove yourself to a disapproving father.  I can relate to being in way over my head.  Granted no one's life was at stake, but that's what makes it great for me.  I know what I felt, and I shudder when I imagine the stakes being raised to the level they are in this story.I understand that escapism is the one of the primary functions of fantasy, and that not being able to relate to a bastard who willingly joins a militarized penal colony (of sorts) and ends up turning double agent with the enemy he swore to fight because a greater threat of ice demons (of sorts) looms imminent, is, admittedly, kind of the point.   As I said above, we've all felt lonely or ignored or slighted or jubilant.  Great writers use that and put it into a  context we would otherwise be unable to relate to.I would also contest this notion that Book Robb, [...] with Show Robb, who ignores the war effort in order to spend time with this woman, continues actively seeking her out as he becomes more aware of his attraction to her, and who then takes a significant time to choose to both nob her and then to seek and dismiss advice to the contrary.I suppose that's fair.  I never really thought of the Jeyne situation that way.  Even though, for reasons stated, that moral dilemma is slightly obfuscated to us.  As I was reading your synopsis I thought of Antony and Cleopatra.  The set up at least, wherein that Antony ignores his militaristic duties (at first) for the love of Cleopatra, who I think is a too-similar-to-be-coincidentally-apt-surrogate to Talisa, a foreign, highborn beauty.  But after that, I think it's stretching to find similarities, other than Octavian could be Roose in that once allies become enemies, but, that's a very liberal comparison.  I truly hope they don't turn Talisa into Cleopatra, I think that would betray a lot of what they set up in her character in season 2, but that's way off topic.  My point is that I don't think Robb ignoring his militaristic duties and placing his attention in a woman is that modern of a love story, Antony and Cleopatra was written in about 1606.  If we ignore her motivation and focus on the story as a whole, Samson and Delilah is a story about a great soldier who is brought down by the misplaced love and misplaced loyalty he puts in a duplicitous woman.  As Strider said above Paris sacrificed Troy for Helen.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 12 June 2012 - 11:18 AM.
3534	Mulled Wino	2012-06-12	Have you ever made a mistake in your life and wanted to make up for it?i don't buy that its any different, I guess I just don't empathize.  I know exactly zero people who have fallen in love with their nurses. Thats what i can understand. I also think that putting the whole honour thing aside Robb and Jeyne did fall for eachother. Also relatable. Sure it was the stupid thing to do but many people have made bad mistakes and shouldnt be villified for itRobb and Talisa fell for each other too....and yes Robb should be villified for it when it affects the entire realm, especially the north.  he should be held to a much higher standard because he was a king.
3535	Frey Pie	2012-06-12	i don't buy that its any different, I guess I just don't empathize.  I know exactly zero people who have fallen in love with their nurses.Robb and Talisa fell for each other too....and yes Robb should be villified for it when it affects the entire realm, especially the north.  he should be held to a much higher standard because he was a king.So you would put Robb in among the villains of the series?Well one of the many things people have a problem with in the T/R romance is that Robb doesnt even know his bros are dead. This is one of the main things that makes J/R more relatable. The mans hurting and is vulnerable. When i was his age would i have made a different choice? Probably. But my world probably wouldnt be crumbling around me and i wouldnt have been brought up by Ned Stark and have Jon Snow as a brother
3536	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-12	Robb and Talisa fell for each other too....The actress playing talisa has said that there is a "twist" involving her character.  I'm really, really interested in finding out what that is.
3537	Liammarksmiff	2012-06-12	Even if Robb did love Jeyne/Talisa and couldn't stand the idea of marrying someone other than her, why couldn't he just wait until after the war was over to marry her?
3538	SerMixalot	2012-06-12	The actress playing talisa has said that there is a "twist" involving her character.  I'm really, really interested in finding out what that is.would she be aware of twists from next season?  are the scripts even written yet?
3539	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-12	Third Reed's ability to build a strong concise logical argument without losing temper is an orgasmic treat for the eyes.Thank you very much. I promise as well that this is not a duplicate account /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Snip.Fair enough. I think we're as close to agreeing if we'll ever be. I'm sure Robb would have ruled justly, but I don't personally think he would have gone about setting Dornish like laws of succession and so forth.We can't.  And even if we could, being "just human" wouldn't satisfy the requirement.  That's what the middle two paragraphs of my previous post were about.KK. I was simply contesting the notion that people you know do not consider it worthwhile to criticise Robb for being a selfish idiot because he's human, and that are significantly different scenarios which can result in the same result yet still emote different degrees of sympathy.Which is precisely why I think the shift to a straight love story was the wiser move in adapting the story to the screen.  As I said, and I take from that paragraph you would agree, we're 600 years removed from that notion of honor, it isn't, as you say, "fully understandable."  You made my point better than I could.Yeah but one can literally apply this to thousands and thousands of pages of ASOIAF. Different worlds are not fully understandable, and therein lies much of the interest. If we start to remove ourselves from medieval notions of law and honour, shall we next consider it intelligent of the writers to make Sansa Robb's heir? Will there be no need for a Kingsmoot because everybody just accepts Asha should rule?The epistemic distance for lack of a better world between us and ASOIAF is what makes of what we read so shocking and vivid.I still take issue with you not thinking we're meant to relate.  I think, on some level, we're meant to relate with every character any author writes.  Finding that humanity is what makes characters worth taking an interest in, and it's the mark of a great author, which Martin certainly is.  But this is a debate for literature as a whole and I don't want to deviate too much.  I can't relate to Robb leading a host to war.  I can't relate to Theon sneaking behind enemy lines and taking a castle.  But I can relate to wanting to prove yourself to a disapproving father.  I can relate to being in way over my head.  Granted no one's life was at stake, but that's what makes it great for me.  I know what I felt, and I shudder when I imagine the stakes being raised to the level they are in this story.Goes back to the epistemic distance I was talking about. I did also note that we can find broad strokes of empathy, but for the most part we should not look at the minutiae and say "oh wow I can really relate". Especially when it comes to relationships in ASOIAF, because we are dealing with a betrothal, honour and choice system so diametrically different from ours.Robb affected by having the weight of the world on his shoulders- we can relate (to a degree. I doubt any of us have ever held thousands of lives in our hands)Robb having to cope with being a 16 year old in a wartorn society leading thousands of men into battle in the name of his recently deceased father whilst his sisters are captives thousands of miles away- we cannot relate.Hence why I've tempered my argument somewhat and have said we can find broad strokes of empathy.Robb having an emotional crisis regarding a partner and falling for someone he shouldn't- We can relate.Robb having to contend with having his bride chosen for him, adhering to a medieval code of what constitutes moral behaviour and what doesn't, understanding the importance of a woman's virginity not just to her but to her house, having to play politics within a highly tribal marriage and political system- We can't and shouldn't relate.Robb is a figure of empathy because he's human and faces dilemmas. Drastically changing Robb's character, motives and circumstances in order to create something which, instance for instance, creates a scenario which is interchangeable between modern and "GOT" setting does not create real empathy because it's entirely forced. IMO.I suppose that's fair.  I never really thought of the Jeyne situation that way.  Even though, for reasons stated, that moral dilemma is slightly obfuscated to us.  As I was reading your synopsis I thought of Antony and Cleopatra.  The set up at least, wherein that Antony ignores his militaristic duties (at first) for the love of Cleopatra, who I think is a too-similar-to-be-coincidentally-apt-surrogate to Talisa, a foreign, highborn beauty.  But after that, I think it's stretching to find similarities, other than Octavian could be Roose in that once allies become enemies, but, that's a very liberal comparison.  I truly hope they don't turn Talisa into Cleopatra, I think that would betray a lot of what they set up in her character in season 2, but that's way off topic.  My point is that I don't think Robb ignoring his militaristic duties and placing his attention in a woman is that modern of a love story, Antony and Cleopatra was written in about 1606.  If we ignore her motivation and focus on the story as a whole, Samson and Delilah is a story about a great soldier who is brought down by the misplaced love and misplaced loyalty he puts in a duplicitous woman.  As Strider said above Paris sacrificed Troy for Helen.One huge difference between these women and Talisa. The vast majority of the accounts we have of them are negative. Helen caused a ten year war and never comes across sympathetically (at least in The Iliad (can't remember her apperance in the Odyssey off the top of my head) and many greek tragedies). Cleopatra is almost exclusively portrayed negatively, as some sort of she-witch seductress. Likewise Delilah. We're not talking about love affairs so much as intoxication (for lack of a better word) by mysterious, immoral women which leaves their "targets" (again for lack of a better word) beyond help. I think we'd agree that this is not what the writers are doing (or trying to do) with Talisa. Instead we have this awfully contrived cliche of "Boy meets girl. Girl's sassiness piques interest of boy " etc, which could be in place in almost any modern rom-com.I agree that to turn Talisa into a Cleopatra like spy figure would be pretty silly. They should have just kept her as Jeyne.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 12 June 2012 - 07:18 PM.
3540	Areo Speedwagon	2012-06-13	[...] but I don't personally think he would have gone about setting Dornish like laws of succession and so forth.True, he certainly would not have gone that far.  But is there no middle ground between between treating women as utilitarian, only useful insofar as their womb is fertile and instituting a fully matriarchal society?  I intentionally made a false dichotomy out of your point, but, I think that essence was there.  Maybe he would have included Talisa or Catelyn in the strategy tent?  That seemed an old boys club.  But perhaps that's Arya, Brienne, and in her own way and depending on what happens, Sansa's "job" to change the minds of men that women can have valuable opinions on war?  I would have included Asha in that list, but she seems to have already done so to an extent.Yeah but one can literally apply this to thousands and thousands of pages of ASOIAF. Different worlds are not fully understandable, and therein lies much of the interest. If we start to remove ourselves from medieval notions of law and honour, shall we next consider it intelligent of the writers to make Sansa Robb's heir? Will there be no need for a Kingsmoot because everybody just accepts Asha should rule?Sansa being made to Robb's heir would be unintelligible given the story.  But I would say for different reasons.  As we've established over the course of this dialogue, we already are removed  from medieval notions of law and honour, so our further removal should have no bearing on the story itself.  You're right in saying those scenarios would be unintelligible.  But I believe the source of why that would ring so terribly false is because having those events come to pass would remove the characters themselves from the medieval notions of law and honour, not the reader.  I think our involvement is very much secondary to the characters as they're the ones living the story.The epistemic distance for lack of a better world between us and ASOIAF is what makes of what we read so shocking and vivid.[...]Goes back to the epistemic distance I was talking about. I did also note that we can find broad strokes of empathy, but for the most part we should not look at the minutiae and say "oh wow I can really relate". Especially when it comes to relationships in ASOIAF, because we are dealing with a betrothal, honour and choice system so diametrically different from ours.You come up with really great terms, and 'epistemic distance' is fantastic.  I'm definitely going to have to absorb that into my lexicon.  To be honest, though, if anyone asks, I'll probably leave out how I read it debating someone on a forum dedicated to a series of fantasy novels.To your point, though, I will agree if I'm allowed a slight word replacement, which you're more than welcome to say isn't appropriate.  What you're calling minutiae, I'm more comfortable calling context.  I think in the sentence you wrote, the replacement works linguistically and syntactically.  And, viewed through this lens, I think I finally understand what you meant in your original response that kicked off this whole exchange.  If you were saying that we're not meant to relate to the minutiae (context) of this, or any, fantasy story, I 100% agree.  Though I do find myself salivating at his descriptions of feasts, he certainly has a knack for writing about food.I compartmentalize things.  And that's what I guess I've done for minutiae/context and emotional content.  So, I'm now ready to say you're right (oh, it hurts!) with your original post as long as I can have this caveat.  I still strongly believe that we are supposed to relate to every character on an emotional level, every character we wish to succeed anyway.  Relating/empathizing with Cersei, Ramsay, Walder is impossible, but it's supposed to be, we don't want good things to happen to them (at least I don't).  On the contrary, we actively root for them die horrible deaths.  That's the power of being able to relate to a character on an emotional level.  It casts the die so to speak.  We cannot relate to what happens to characters in ASOIAF, and I can understand now what you meant by saying we're not supposed to.  But I think we can and are supposed to relate to how they deal with what happens to them, how they work it out.I think it goes to what Joseph Campbell found in "The Hero With a Thousand Faces."  That regardless of where the myth came from, who tells it, or what happens, different cultures thousands of miles apart, completely unaware of each others' existence came up with remarkably similar tales.  The archetypes are all the same.  The hero, the mentor, woman as mother, woman as temptress, the trickster, the herald, the threshold guardians, the shapeshifter, etc.  These archetypes are in our bones, in our DNA, they go deeper than our psyche.  We've (hopefully) all had a mentor, yes, but none of us have had that mentor be a magical assassin who gives us a coin so we can cross an ocean and become a magical assassin too.  Arya as hero, Jaqen as both Mentor and shapeshifter.  Martin is simply continuing a tradition that goes back to Grimm's Fairy Tales, Beowulf, The Iliad, The Epic of Gilgamesh.  These stories have endured, and I believe Martin's will endure, because these characters (the big ones) follow archetypes so ingrained in us we dream them.  Because we share the same DNA, the same origins, we respond in kind to similar things.  The origin of the hero tale itself is a fantastic exaggeration of the hunter who brings back food for the tribe, allowing them to survive.  To say we're not meant to relate to that, I believe, is to say we're not meant to relate to our origins as human beings.And Joseph Campbell also found that ancient myths were more than just stories to be told.  They were actually metaphorical maps of the territory one had to travel to become a human being.  The concept of "paying the iron price" really hit me.  As ridiculous as sounds, It is now one of the principle I live my life by.  I don't use it in regards to what jewelry I can wear (i don't even wear a watch), but on how I act.  If I want a night of intoxication, I have to earn it, I have to pay the iron price for it.  If I want to eat meat, I pay the iron price for it (sometimes, I do take the literal meaning there).  It has taught me in a more visceral way than I had previously thought or known that all things have intrinsic value and that value needs to be honored before you can consume it.One huge difference between these women and Talisa. The vast majority of the accounts we have of them are negative.Gah!  I was going back and forth about citing those examples because I knew you were going to bring that up.  So, in a sense, well done, you certainly didn't disappoint.Boy meets girl. Girl's sassiness piques interest of boy  I certainly can't argue that isn't what happened, because, you're right, it pretty much is.  I guess I just saw her sassiness as a projection of his mother.  In that case, his attraction to her made a lot of sense to me.  Maybe that's rationalization or I invented that so as to not see the contrived nature of the relationship.  Regardless, that's how I choose to view his attraction, and my interpretation allows me to enjoy those scenes instead of get annoyed by them.  So I'm going to count it as a win.I have really enjoyed this back and forth.  I've found myself at work clicking the refresh button when I get a spare moment.  And you honestly helped me to understand why people think that storyline is shit and changed my mind of those that think so.  It's clear you're an intelligent individual and I consider myself lucky to have an intelligent, and as others have said, calm, individual pick up the mantle of their cause.  It's something that is all too rare in the anonymity of the internet.  Thank you.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 13 June 2012 - 12:49 AM.
3541	victim	2012-06-13	would she be aware of twists from next season?  are the scripts even written yet?From what I gather, some of the actors are told the basic outline of their story and the part they will play in the series after they get the role. In order for Oona to play the role to the best of her ability, she should be aware of any future twists about her character specifically, especially if they are large ones. Hypothetically, if there is a twist and Talisa turns out to be Jeyne (or anyone other than who she says she is for that matter) it would be extremely detrimental for the actress to not know this well in advance as she may play the character the completely wrong way.Edit: The scripts themselves are not essential, D&D can provide her with some kind of outline because I'm sure they know where they're going with each character.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 13 June 2012 - 01:38 AM.
3542	Currawong	2012-06-13	I don't understand why love is such an incomprehensible reason to marry someone and break a vow, but a moment of weakness when one is injured and most likely doped up on milk of the poppy is?  In season 1 when Maester Aemon gave Jon the speech where he says "What is honor, compared to a woman's love?  What is duty against the feel of new born son in your arms?  Or a brother' smile?"  Were you rolling your eyes calling 'bullshit' on it?I mean, yeah, fuck the producers for wanting to have a sexual relationship in season two that isn't rape, prostitution, or manipulative.Exactly.Whether Robb had sex and then married another woman out of grief/ etc as in the book, or out of love as in the TV show, really doesn't matter in the slightest - the guts of the issue is that he broke his oath to the Freys.   Pure and simple.   And the RW shows that 'why' you broke your oath is quite unimportant - it is the fact of breaking your oath that counts in the eyes of most people.   Especially someone like Walder Frey who already has a chip on his shoulder.  Just ask Jaime Lannister about having a good reason for breaking an oath !  Non-book readers will still be completely shocked and appalled by the RW, because I don't think they anticipate such a brutal consequence for oath-breaking.  And even if they thought that there would be some sort of revenge against Robb himself (like Ned Stark) I doubt that anyone just watching the TV series could anticipate that the Freys intend to take out Catelyn and half the Starks faihful as well.I don't believe there is any necessity to 'redeem' Robb.   He is a hormonal young man, in love / lust for the first time, and is trying to grow up and be a king in the most difficult of circumstances.  He is at the age where he does not want to listen to sensible parental advice from Cat  (sound familiar to parents of teenagers?!!)  especially where that parent has herself done something stupid, and he is therefore determined to live or die by his own mistakes.  Alas, in this case he will die.   There's nothing TO redeem, other than a very sad case of youthful stupidity from an otherwise fine young man.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 13 June 2012 - 04:04 AM.
3543	jugdesh258	2012-06-13	I think the thread overstates Robs importance to begin with....perhaps at the fault of TV plot.  I think he is often used incorrectly an example in threads regarding GRRM's inclination off killing off main characters.
He never was in my mind.  He appeared from the start to be the expendable stark.  The dude on star trek in the red shirt that beems down and is not scotty.  Doomed from the start no matter what he did.  He is like the only stark without a POV in the novels.  There are plently of other starks to inherit the legacy of winterfell.  We don't yet know if it will be Rickon from far off Skaggos or Sansa, or anyone for that matter
Talisa thing was dumb.  Why not be Jayne since it would not matter.  EP10 hindsight makes me think that they made the change to say she was from far off volantis just to fit Cat's dialog describing her as an exotic temptation instead of a fatso frey.  I don't think she will die simply since we don't know yet in the books if Rob did have an heir
I think there will be a Lady Stonehart.  Characters are everthing in this story.  GRRM takes them through rollercoaster .....some transition from evil to good or reverse, etc.  Her heart is turning black.....the transistion was missed on TV in leaving out the scene for Cat and Brienne at the table when only Cat knows Bran and Rickon are dead.
3544	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-13	True, he certainly would not have gone that far.  But is there no middle ground between between treating women as utilitarian, only useful insofar as their womb is fertile and instituting a fully matriarchal society?  I intentionally made a false dichotomy out of your point, but, I think that essence was there.  Maybe he would have included Talisa or Catelyn in the strategy tent?  That seemed an old boys club.  But perhaps that's Arya, Brienne, and in her own way and depending on what happens, Sansa's "job" to change the minds of men that women can have valuable opinions on war?  I would have included Asha in that list, but she seems to have already done so to an extent.I think it's a part of ASOIAF that is generally understated. With all the characters (minus Talisa because she's not in the books) mentioned above, with perhaps the exception of Asha who I think is portrayed perhaps a little too positively for what she is (and I say that as someone who likes her), I think that several women in the books could compete with the men on their own terms. Again though it is surprising that it's Littlefinger who (in his own completely power driven way) sees the wisdom of women more clearly than most.Sansa being made to Robb's heir would be unintelligible given the story.  But I would say for different reasons.  As we've established over the course of this dialogue, we already are removed  from medieval notions of law and honour, so our further removal should have no bearing on the story itself.  You're right in saying those scenarios would be unintelligible.  But I believe the source of why that would ring so terribly false is because having those events come to pass would remove the characters themselves from the medieval notions of law and honour, not the reader.  I think our involvement is very much secondary to the characters as they're the ones living the story.I see your point, and I think we've reached something of an impasse. However, I shall say that Robb/Sansa succession story is relevant precisely because Robb's succession is called into question. If Robb takes a "modern" approach to love, who is to say he shouldn't do so to the line of succession (though Sansa is captive at that point)?  You come up with really great terms, and 'epistemic distance' is fantastic.  I'm definitely going to have to absorb that into my lexicon.  To be honest, though, if anyone asks, I'll probably leave out how I read it debating someone on a forum dedicated to a series of fantasy novels.I'd probably do the same /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.To your point, though, I will agree if I'm allowed a slight word replacement, which you're more than welcome to say isn't appropriate.  What you're calling minutiae, I'm more comfortable calling context.  I think in the sentence you wrote, the replacement works linguistically and syntactically.  And, viewed through this lens, I think I finally understand what you meant in your original response that kicked off this whole exchange.  If you were saying that we're not meant to relate to the minutiae (context) of this, or any, fantasy story, I 100% agree.  Though I do find myself salivating at his descriptions of feasts, he certainly has a knack for writing about food.I compartmentalize things.  And that's what I guess I've done for minutiae/context and emotional content.  So, I'm now ready to say you're right (oh, it hurts!) with your original post as long as I can have this caveat.  I still strongly believe that we are supposed to relate to every character on an emotional level, every character we wish to succeed anyway.  Relating/empathizing with Cersei, Ramsay, Walder is impossible, but it's supposed to be, we don't want good things to happen to them (at least I don't).  On the contrary, we actively root for them die horrible deaths.  That's the power of being able to relate to a character on an emotional level.  It casts the die so to speak.  We cannot relate to what happens to characters in ASOIAF, and I can understand now what you meant by saying we're not supposed to.  But I think we can and are supposed to relate to how they deal with what happens to them, how they work it out.Caveat accepted. I have tempered my view somewhat to argue that these characters are roundly empathetic in the most basic way.The reason I choose minutiae as opposed to context is because IMO, it means something slightly different. It's quite hard to explain, but I'll give it a try.Context- The issues surrounding the decision. Contexts by definition can be either broad or minute. It doesn't deal IMO with the events as such as the issues around them.Minutiae- To me the implication of this word is pretty accurate, namely that we're talking about a mass of minimal things that end up creating one large thing. Minutiae IMO are both the specific issues and actions surrounding an event. It's just a preference thing though.I think it goes to what Joseph Campbell found in "The Hero With a Thousand Faces."  That regardless of where the myth came from, who tells it, or what happens, different cultures thousands of miles apart, completely unaware of each others' existence came up with remarkably similar tales.  The archetypes are all the same.  The hero, the mentor, woman as mother, woman as temptress, the trickster, the herald, the threshold guardians, the shapeshifter, etc.  These archetypes are in our bones, in our DNA, they go deeper than our psyche.  We've (hopefully) all had a mentor, yes, but none of us have had that mentor be a magical assassin who gives us a coin so we can cross an ocean and become a magical assassin too.  Arya as hero, Jaqen as both Mentor and shapeshifter.  Martin is simply continuing a tradition that goes back to Grimm's Fairy Tales, Beowulf, The Iliad, The Epic of Gilgamesh.  These stories have endured, and I believe Martin's will endure, because these characters (the big ones) follow archetypes so ingrained in us we dream them.  Because we share the same DNA, the same origins, we respond in kind to similar things.  The origin of the hero tale itself is a fantastic exaggeration of the hunter who brings back food for the tribe, allowing them to survive.  To say we're not meant to relate to that, I believe, is to say we're not meant to relate to our origins as human beings.And Joseph Campbell also found that ancient myths were more than just stories to be told.  They were actually metaphorical maps of the territory one had to travel to become a human being.  The concept of "paying the iron price" really hit me.  As ridiculous as sounds, It is now one of the principle I live my life by.  I don't use it in regards to what jewelry I can wear (i don't even wear a watch), but on how I act.  If I want a night of intoxication, I have to earn it, I have to pay the iron price for it.  If I want to eat meat, I pay the iron price for it (sometimes, I do take the literal meaning there).  It has taught me in a more visceral way than I had previously thought or known that all things have intrinsic value and that value needs to be honored before you can consume it.I agree with a lot of that.Gah!  I was going back and forth about citing those examples because I knew you were going to bring that up.  So, in a sense, well done, you certainly didn't disappoint. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.I certainly can't argue that isn't what happened, because, you're right, it pretty much is.  I guess I just saw her sassiness as a projection of his mother.  In that case, his attraction to her made a lot of sense to me.  Maybe that's rationalization or I invented that so as to not see the contrived nature of the relationship.  Regardless, that's how I choose to view his attraction, and my interpretation allows me to enjoy those scenes instead of get annoyed by them.  So I'm going to count it as a win.I have really enjoyed this back and forth.  I've found myself at work clicking the refresh button when I get a spare moment.  And you honestly helped me to understand why people think that storyline is shit and changed my mind of those that think so.  It's clear you're an intelligent individual and I consider myself lucky to have an intelligent, and as others have said, calm, individual pick up the mantle of their cause.  It's something that is all too rare in the anonymity of the internet.  Thank you.No worries, thanks to you also, not least because you've never used the "it's just a tv show argument".
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 13 June 2012 - 10:55 AM.
3545	Mulled Wino	2012-06-13	So you would put Robb in among the villains of the series?Well one of the many things people have a problem with in the T/R romance is that Robb doesnt even know his bros are dead. This is one of the main things that makes J/R more relatable. The mans hurting and is vulnerable. When i was his age would i have made a different choice? Probably. But my world probably wouldnt be crumbling around me and i wouldnt have been brought up by Ned Stark and have Jon Snow as a brotherHe's just rash and dumb.  Absolutely zero reason to just marry her then and there, or at all when you are responsible for thousands and thousands of lives for her honor.  I knew the second that I read it, he was set up and dead.  Robb gave up and undermined everything his family worked towards, and turned his back on his people.  I dont relate to his choice in either instance or empathize with him.
3546	Frey Pie	2012-06-14	He's just rash and dumb.  Absolutely zero reason to just marry her then and there, or at all when you are responsible for thousands and thousands of lives for her honor.  I knew the second that I read it, he was set up and dead.  Robb gave up and undermined everything his family worked towards, and turned his back on his people.  I dont relate to his choice in either instance or empathize with him.Wer gunna have to agree to disagree then! Or at least i will anyway!! I will say Ned left a legacy of honour and i do believe that Robb was attempting to follow that legacy and his own heart. Obviously the wrong choice thoughI notice nobody has commented on my idea that Robb command a battle at the fords kinda battle and so look heroic one last time before his fall from grace?COYBIG!!! /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
3547	boojam	2012-06-04	Ok what's deal?
First they mess around with Aggo, Jhogo, Rakharo , I don't even know who is left? First of the season she has three, now there is only one?
Well we know about the acting career of one of those, would have not minded if he had his place taken by one other warrior in  Dany's Khal, there seemed to be others.
Last year they messed with Irri, Doreah and Jhiqui... have to go back and look but seemed there three, tho not those three last year.
Now zero Handmadiens!
What's the deal, not major characters, but not minor characters.
As I have said before those 6 continue a Dothraki continuity as a spiritual undertow that George has kept through out all five novels. An essential mild enhancement trimming.
Yeah I know even more characters to be added next year, but the contracts of these characters must have been year by year. They could not have been than expensive! Their speaking roles were minimal but their presence added to the spirit, why take that away?
Odd, last scene what's left of Dany's Khal seems to still be with her.
Hope someone asks D and D about this.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 June 2012 - 08:37 AM.
3548	Catherine Storm	2012-06-07	I think they plan to send Ros there to Qarth to help Khalessi out /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3549	sennahoj	2012-06-07	I think they plan to send Ros there to Qarth to help Khalessi out /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I have exactly the same fear. I can only say "please no".About the handmaidens though. I had totally forgotten about the third one on the show. I don't even remember in how many episodes she was supposed to be. I think it is okay for Dany to have less than three handmaidens, but none seems odd, and no Dothraki too. Maybe she will buy new handmaidens in Astapor, hell, Missandei could turn out to be Dothraki on the show.I don't really like what they did with the bloodriders. The actor playing Rakharo was great for the part, it was such a shame to have him die. I liked his connection with Jorah too, would have been great brothers-in-arms in the future. Plus, you have no investment in the unknowns playing their replacements. The show has taken far more liberties not only with Dany's storyline (though I liked the changes), but with all the minor Dothraki roles, Jhaqo, later Rakharo, Irri, Jhiqui. Do the writers think the viewers couldn't tell the "savages" apart anyway, so that makes them more interchangeable than Westerosi? I hope not.
3550	victim	2012-06-07	I liked Rakharo. Dare I say it though, I may like Kovarro more. For some reason I find him hilarious. 
The thing I found weird was that I thought her Khalasar were all brutally slain, then suddenly she has heaps again.
3551	boojam	2012-06-07	I liked Rakharo. Dare I say it though, I may like Kovarro more. For some reason I find him hilarious. The thing I found weird was that I thought her Khalasar were all brutally slain, then suddenly she has heaps again.Were did you get that impression?You know I think by the end of ADwD Dany's still has something like 70 of her original Kaalasar , tho except for hand madiens and blood riders, all off page. They just seem to hang out somewhere... in all five novels.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 June 2012 - 02:25 PM.
3552	protar	2012-06-07	I have exactly the same fear. I can only say "please no".About the handmaidens though. I had totally forgotten about the third one on the show. I don't even remember in how many episodes she was supposed to be. I think it is okay for Dany to have less than three handmaidens, but none seems odd, and no Dothraki too. Maybe she will buy new handmaidens in Astapor, hell, Missandei could turn out to be Dothraki on the show.I don't really like what they did with the bloodriders. The actor playing Rakharo was great for the part, it was such a shame to have him die. I liked his connection with Jorah too, would have been great brothers-in-arms in the future. Plus, you have no investment in the unknowns playing their replacements. The show has taken far more liberties not only with Dany's storyline (though I liked the changes), but with all the minor Dothraki roles, Jhaqo, later Rakharo, Irri, Jhiqui. Do the writers think the viewers couldn't tell the "savages" apart anyway, so that makes them more interchangeable than Westerosi? I hope not.They probably did. I expect we'll either get Varys sending Ros over to Dany or we'll get some random new Dothraki handmaiden with no explanation, or they'll age up Missandei so she can help Dany out.
3553	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	I think they plan to send Ros there to Qarth to help Khalessi out /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Arrgh.  I fear you may be right.  I was very pissed when they killed Irri.  And all to serve a pointless and horrible storyline.They probably did. I expect we'll either get Varys sending Ros over to Dany or we'll get some random new Dothraki handmaiden with no explanation, or they'll age up Missandei so she can help Dany out.This was part of my own pet theory that they're trying to phase out Dothraki speakers in anticipation of introducing High Valyrian so that they're not using two foreign languages simultaneously.  So Irri basically is changed out with Missandei.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 07 June 2012 - 06:50 PM.
3554	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-08	The way I see it the Dothraki are Dany and Jorah's redshirts. I was pretty surprised that Kovarro didn't die during XXD and Pree's coup. I was half expecting him to rush the warlock and die like a fool, which wouldn't matter much because the universal source of redshirts will never run dry.
But yeah, I think Ros will be the new handmaiden. She'll be both handmaiden and mayhaps a substitute for Strong Belwas? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3555	sennahoj	2012-06-08	The way I see it the Dothraki are Dany and Jorah's redshirts. I was pretty surprised that Kovarro didn't die during XXD and Pree's coup. I was half expecting him to rush the warlock and die like a fool, which wouldn't matter much because the universal source of redshirts will never run dry.But yeah, I think Ros will be the new handmaiden. She'll be both handmaiden and mayhaps a substitute for Strong Belwas? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Strong Belwas? Now how would that work exactly?This was part of my own pet theory that they're trying to phase out Dothraki speakers in anticipation of introducing High Valyrian so that they're not using two foreign languages simultaneously.  So Irri basically is changed out with Missandei.I was always under the impression that the Dothraki and their culture were an important part of Dany's character, so they shouldn't just all be replaced or replacable. actually the mysterious growth of Dany's khalasar in the last episode goes against this phasing out of the Dothraki. But as far as the language is concerned, Dany might teach her remaining Dothraki to speak the Common Tongue, so there would be no need for too much Dothraki on the show.I concede however, that it would be confusing for viewers which language is which, if actually both Dothraki and High Valyrian featured on the show.
3556	SynthFG	2012-06-08	Early on next year we get to Astapor and pick up the little girl translator who is much more important going forward 
there is no reason for keeping the hand maidens (beyond the odd lesbian sex scene) and it makes sense to ditch characters who are no longer important to the story to keep costs down
3557	boojam	2012-06-08	I concede however, that it would be confusing for viewers which language is which, if actually both Dothraki and High Valyrian featured on the show.I would not be confused, from what I have seen Dothraki and Valyrian differ so greatly that I don't see  why there would be confusion.Besides Dany would only be speaking Dothraki to Dothraki, Jorah speaks 'common tongue' almost all the time, except when he is speaking to the Dothraki, or Dothraki in the presence of Dany.
3558	Arkash	2012-06-08	Just wanted to say: I enjoy Kovarro's character personally, since the garden party.
3559	victim	2012-06-08	Were did you get that impression?I'd have to say it had something to do with not seeing any member of her Khalasar, other than Kovarro, between when she found them all dead and the sacking at the end of the series.
3560	Davos55	2012-06-08	I LOVE Irri and Jiqhui in the novels..and I am very very sad that "it is known" and their funny little arguments in the books are gone forever.  I know those things work better when reading rather than watching, but killing them off seemed unnecessary. I am sure there was some reason, but I am not sure what it is!
As long as they include Missandei and Strong Belwas (not getting my hopes up for him) I will be more alright with this.
3561	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-08	I was always under the impression that the Dothraki and their culture were an important part of Dany's character, so they shouldn't just all be replaced or replacable. actually the mysterious growth of Dany's khalasar in the last episode goes against this phasing out of the Dothraki. But as far as the language is concerned, Dany might teach her remaining Dothraki to speak the Common Tongue, so there would be no need for too much Dothraki on the show.I concede however, that it would be confusing for viewers which language is which, if actually both Dothraki and High Valyrian featured on the show.My theory wouldn't require the phasing out of all Dothraki characters, just characters like Irri, that Daenarys would have to speak to on a regular basis.  So instead of Irri, you have Missandei.  Doreah, of course, doesn't play into this at all, but she should have been dead a long time ago.  She merely gave the entire new storyline an extra antagonist.Strong Belwas? Now how would that work exactly?Well, she'd still joust the Hero of Mereen, only in a different way.Just wanted to say: I enjoy Kovarro's character personally, since the garden party.Well it seemed that losing Rakharo was not in their plans, so perhaps maybe Kovarro is going to stand in for this role as her chief bloodrider.  Which only makes the killing of Irri seem even more pointless.  And Jhiqui just seemed to disappear entirely after the first season though she never did much even then. It would have made more sense to kill her off since she never really did much but echo Irri even in the books.  Irri had a much closer (literally) relationship with Dany, even though I know that we weren't likely to see any of that in the show she was still one of Dany's closest companions.  It just doesn't make sense to lose both of the handmaidens who chime in with their Dothraki opinions on her actions from time to time.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 08 June 2012 - 12:40 PM.
3562	CuddleMeLoki	2012-06-08	Was looking forward to the scene, you know what i mean /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3563	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-08	I would not be confused, from what I have seen Dothraki and Valyrian differ so greatly that I don't see  why there would be confusion.Besides Dany would only be speaking Dothraki to Dothraki, Jorah speaks 'common tongue' almost all the time, except when he is speaking to the Dothraki, or Dothraki in the presence of Dany.Yeah but you've also read the books, right?  I imagine that they'd use a certain intonation to differentiate the two languages such as making Valyrian sound like Latin or some such, but you may be overestimating the average viewer in believing that they can tell the difference.  I guess the best example for this would be The Passion of the Christ which used two languages that are very unfamiliar to the modern world in Aramaic and Latin, moreso with the former.  Of course most people could see that Aramaic had an Arabic feel to it and Latin sounded alot like Italian.  There was also the context, Romans spoke Latin, and Jews spoke Aramaic.  But alot of people still complained about this.These two languages in the show sound like nothing in our world so it may be a bit more difficult than that, excepting the context.  Still I wouldn't doubt that alot of tv watchers want things a bit more simplified for them, or at least DB & DW might assume that they do, and so don't want to be wondering what language is being spoken at a particular moment.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 08 June 2012 - 01:29 PM.
3564	Mulled Wino	2012-06-08	As was mentioned, as long as Strong Belwas is cast and cast well, I am willing to overlook much and more.
3565	boojam	2012-06-08	Yeah but you've also read the books, right?  I imagine that they'd use a certain intonation to differentiate the two languages such as making Valyrian sound like Latin or some such, but you may be overestimating the average viewer in believing that they can tell the difference.  I guess the best example for this would be The Passion of the Christ which used two languages that are very unfamiliar to the modern world in Aramaic and Latin, moreso with the former.  Of course most people could see that Aramaic had an Arabic feel to it and Latin sounded alot like Italian.  There was also the context, Romans spoke Latin, and Jews spoke Aramaic.  But alot of people still complained about this.These two languages in the show sound like nothing in our world so it may be a bit more difficult than that, excepting the context.  Still I wouldn't doubt that alot of tv watchers want things a bit more simplified for them, or at least DB & DW might assume that they do, and so don't want to be wondering what language is being spoken at a particular moment.Yes I am a reader of the books, some of them more than once.Yes I saw The Passion of the Christ, and no I was not confused about the difference between Aramaic and Latin, I thought the use as an artistic device was about the only thing good about that lousy film.Anyway, from this point onward not really much Dothraki is spoken, only to her hand maidens, who , I guess!, are all gone, unless that mysterious disappearing one shows up again, and her blood riders.If one thinks there would be confusion between Dothraki and High Valyrian there are various plot devices that could be used.For instance , she picks up Missandei, who I don't remember knows Dothraki, Dany could have a tiny scene where she starts to teach Missandei Dothraki, since as I remember Missandei speaks High Valyrian, Dany could show her the difference.If there are member of the audience to stupid not to notice the difference, they will probably be the ones who would not care anyway.High Valyrian plays a role later in Dany's strategy.
3566	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-08	Yes I am a reader of the books, some of them more than once.Yes I saw The Passion of the Christ, and no I was not confused about the difference between Aramaic and Latin, I thought the use as an artistic device was about the only thing good about that lousy film.Anyway, from this point onward not really much Dothraki is spoken, only to her hand maidens, who , I guess!, are all gone, unless that mysterious disappearing one shows up again, and her blood riders.If one thinks there would be confusion between Dothraki and High Valyrian there are various plot devices that could be used.For instance , she picks up Missandei, who I don't remember knows Dothraki, Dany could have a tiny scene where she starts to teach Missandei Dothraki, since as I remember Missandei speaks High Valyrian, Dany could show her the difference.If there are member of the audience to stupid not to notice the difference, they will probably be the ones who would not care anyway.High Valyrian plays a role later in Dany's strategy.I don't think that there should be any confusion, but I'm not so sure that HBO is certain that there won't be.  So, like I said before, it's mainly a personal theory of mine, but I think that they may want to limit spoken Dothraki if they are planning to use spoken Valyrian.  I know about the strategy that Dany uses in book 3 which is why I'm thinking that they will use it.  I'm just not sure if the ruse will be as apparent to the audience if she's shown speaking Dothraki in front of the Ghiscari.  HBO might think that some of the audience may not be able to tell the difference.  Who knows how it will be handled in practice.
3567	The Last Reyne	2012-06-10	I think they plan to send Ros there to Qarth to help Khalessi out /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
3568	Monk Meth-	2012-06-10	no lesbian scene.. but the money spent to pay for semi useless characters is being spent elsewhere
3569	Lors' Edrick	2012-06-06	I wanted to start a Topic about anyone's opinion on who they would have liked to see in Season 2. These characters can be someone from the previous first series or some character who appeared in the Second Book A Clash of Kings, but didnt make it to the HBO series.For me it begins withBrynden 'BlackFish' Tully; he appeared in the first Novel (in the Vale), and he is just plain awesomeVargo Hoat; or for that matter any of the Brave CompanionsMeera and Jojen; they do share alot of helpful advise to the younger Bran StarkMace Tyrell and the rest of his bloody lot of 'flower loving' ReachersRamsey 'Snow' Bolton; Winterfell did fall and was sacked by someone, and it wasnt the GreyjoysEdmure Tully and the whole castle of Riverrun people; they did have a significance of why / how the Lannisters were able to get to King's Landing in time for the battleGreatjon Umbar; where are you?So thats my small list of people I would have liked to see, but I do understand about movie budgets and such; but hey, some of these people listed are pretty intrique to the novels. In addition, I do know that some of these characters will be shown for the next upcoming season, this is just a post about why or who you would have liked to have seen this season.
					
					
							Edited by Lors' Edrick, 07 June 2012 - 06:00 AM.
3570	Catherine Storm	2012-06-07	1. Ramsay Snow, will be terrifying.
2. Mance Rayder - for curiosity sake.  I really can't wait for the scene where Jon meets the King beyond the wall for the first time, and mistakes him for the earless Magner of Thenn /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
Oh and 3. a greyscale Shireen. Not a mention of Stannis' daughter on the show at all so will be interesting to see how he suddenly remembers he had one!
3571	Tourniquet	2012-06-07	I think Umber is the only one who should have been around...everyone else can wait until season 3.
3572	Morvran	2012-06-07	I don't mind keeping the Tullys until next season.  They introduced so many new characters this year that the Tully clan would have been very confusing to most people.  Actually I think it's a credit to them that they were able to write around them.
The only one on your list that I missed was the Greatjon because he was already a character on the show and people knew him.  
I'm looking forward to Vargo Hoat in a ridiculous way.
					
					
							Edited by Morvran, 07 June 2012 - 08:05 AM.
3573	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-07	I'm also really looking forward to Vargo Hoat! Will he have his patented slobbery lisp?
This has probably been discussed already, but are they bringing in Vargo Hoat and the Brave Companions purely for the sake of lopping off Jamie's hand? They should have already been at Harrenhall, so are they going to be Gregor Clegane's men or just some random traveling band of miscreants?
ETA:  I always thought it was important that they were Lannister men, so in effect it was Tywin's fault that Jamie lost his hand.
					
					
							Edited by Frey Pie a la Mode, 07 June 2012 - 08:51 AM.
3574	Davos55	2012-06-10	Reek.
3575	The Last Reyne	2012-06-10	Greatjohn, Reek, Blackfish, and Shireen & Patchface
3576	Reposado	2012-06-10	Jon snow
robb stark
Weese
3577	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-10	Hoat and the Fish of Blackness. I think Greatjon was left out this season because all slots were filled by Roose and Karstark. Once Karstark gets beheaded Greatjon will probably show up again.
3578	Thunderfist	2012-06-10	Characters I would have liked to see in season 2:
Robb Stark
Catelyn Stark
Arya Stark
Sansa Stark
Jon Snow
Tyrion Lannister
Cersei Lannister
Jaime Lannister
Tywin Lannister
Joffrey Baratheon
Littlefinger
Lord Varys
Shae
Stannis
Loras Tyrell
Brienne of Tarth
and probably a few others
I heard their names mentioned on the show but I didnÂ´t really see anything that resembled the actual characters
3579	Istakhr	2012-06-10	Characters I would have liked to see in season 2:Robb StarkCatelyn StarkArya StarkSansa StarkJon SnowTyrion LannisterCersei LannisterJaime LannisterTywin LannisterJoffrey BaratheonLittlefingerLord VarysShaeStannisLoras TyrellBrienne of Tarthand probably a few othersI heard their names mentioned on the show but I didnÂ´t really see anything that resembled the actual characters /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Can we just say it would have been nice to see some of the characters from this obscure fantasy series called A Song of Ice and Fire in the show?
3580	The Second Hand	2012-06-04	Discuss the awful handling of what could have been an utterly amazing scene. Let's sigh together, fellow Westies.
3581	Ran	2012-06-04	I liked much of Theon's story this season. It's easily the strongest character arc in the show. But a couple of things rang false:
1) I can't say I much cared for having Theon suddenly find some sort of mad deathwish-driven courage, since I think that ultimately betrays the fact that he always takes the path of least resistance in his life -- he is a moral coward at heart. I think leaving him at a point of such abject failure would be better than this course they took. Still, it's not a huge change I suppose.
2) On the other hand, the very final moments of his last scene rang utterly false. I suppose we're to take it that Dagmer and Lorren and the others had already planned to sell out Theon. But their cheering him? That's a bit too much. What's he going to do if they stare stonily at him, waiting for him to shut up? That's for the audience, and doesn't feel real and organic. I found it jarringly false.
3582	Black Unicorn	2012-06-04	Did anyone else get a resurge of the suspicion that Dagmer = Ramsey in the show from this scene? When Dagmer says "Let's go home", I got the impression he may have meant the Dreadfort. I'm still not sure how this would play with Ramsey being in disguise all the way from Pyke, but even with Roose previously talking about his bastard at the Dreadfort, I don't really think that Roose would have told the whole truth to Rob anyway.
3583	Reposado	2012-06-04	I liked much of Theon's story this season. It's easily the strongest character arc in the show. But a couple of things rang false:agree. it was a shallow ending to a great arc. why if these guys wanted to go so bad, did they not leave with yara? if they were going to abandon theon, the time to do that was before there was an army outside. how are they going to get past that?Did anyone else get a resurge of the suspicion that Dagmer = Ramsey in the show from this scene? When Dagmer says "Let's go home", I got the impression he may have meant the Dreadfort. I'm still not sure how this would play with Ramsey being in disguise all the way from Pyke, but even with Roose previously talking about his bastard at the Dreadfort, I don't really think that Roose would have told the whole truth to Rob anyway.but all of the others are certainly ironborn. won't they be confused when he leads them east. I've never been a fan of the dagmer is ramsay theory just because of the plot logic it would require. ironborn let any random dude on their warships?
3584	Morvran	2012-06-04	Well considering they've cast Ramsay for next season I think we can finally drop the Dagmer=Ramsay stuff.
3585	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	I liked much of Theon's story this season. It's easily the strongest character arc in the show. But a couple of things rang false:1) I can't say I much cared for having Theon suddenly find some sort of mad deathwish-driven courage, since I think that ultimately betrays the fact that he always takes the path of least resistance in his life -- he is a moral coward at heart. I think leaving him at a point of such abject failure would be better than this course they took. Still, it's not a huge change I suppose.2) On the other hand, the very final moments of his last scene rang utterly false. I suppose we're to take it that Dagmer and Lorren and the others had already planned to sell out Theon. But their cheering him? That's a bit too much. What's he going to do if they stare stonily at him, waiting for him to shut up? That's for the audience, and doesn't feel real and organic. I found it jarringly false.I liked it. They're Ironborn. They're assholes and they thought his whole speech was funny. I love the Ironborn because they gives no fucks about anything. It was clear they had no respect for Theon, which lends to Theon's story. He's a confused kid with no real home. Nobody wants him and he feels lost.
3586	turdle	2012-06-04	first, dagmer is not ramsey. although he has basically served the reek role this season, he is not actually the character, meerly a place holder to keep the same basic plot moving along.
secondly, related to winterfell, i didn't realize it until talking with a few non-book readers, but it really doesn't make sense that bran and company leave winterfell for the north given that it's never explained to them what happened in winterfell.  in the book, they know that ramsey burned it down and is aware that they're still alive so they're really in danger. but here, the viewer, as well as bran and co. are under the impression that the iron-islanders are the ones who burned down winterfell, but they're gone now, so there is no threat still in winterfell, so why run away?
3587	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2012-06-04	agree. it was a shallow ending to a great arc. why if these guys wanted to go so bad, did they not leave with yara? if they were going to abandon theon, the time to do that was before there was an army outside. how are they going to get past that?but all of the others are certainly ironborn. won't they be confused when he leads them east. I've never been a fan of the dagmer is ramsay theory just because of the plot logic it would require. ironborn let any random dude on their warships?Robb ordered Roose to spread the word that any Ironman who leaves be allowed to with the exception of Theon Greyjoy which resulted in his men betraying him. I thought that was made pretty clear.
					
					
							Edited by Frog One, 04 June 2012 - 01:18 PM.
3588	Black Unicorn	2012-06-04	but all of the others are certainly ironborn. won't they be confused when he leads them east. I've never been a fan of the dagmer is ramsay theory just because of the plot logic it would require. ironborn let any random dude on their warships?Couldn't really say. Similiarly, if they are all Ironborn, I'm not sure what makes them think putting a sack over Theon's head and handing him over to the northmen outside the gates would magically spare all their lives and just let them go home either. Besides, if Dagmer / the Ironborn AREN'T Ramsay and the Bastard's Boys, who burns Winterfell? The northmen there to free the castle wouldn't have any reason to torch it.
3589	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	Agreed with Ran here; I've thoroughly enjoyed Theon's arc this season, but that ending was piss poor. Show, don't tell. Or if you absolutely can't show, you could at least bloody well have Maester Luwin tell... I have no idea what in the Seven Hells to make of that ending, and my non-ASoIaF-inclined friends are even more clueless. It wasn't that powerful and it honestly wasn't that personal. It was rather anticlimactic.
3590	Crown	2012-06-04	I'm glad we can get rid off that pathetic Dagmer=Ramsay theory. Horrible.
3591	Versiroth	2012-06-04	It would have been perfect if they'd have added in this scene....
- The Ironborn take Theon to a helmed man on a horse and give him over.  The man on the horse then tells his men to kill the ironborn and burn Winterfell.
It would have left the audience confused, but all would have made sense later on and it would have explained why Winterfell was burned.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 04 June 2012 - 01:25 PM.
3592	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	I think they intended to make the viewer think the Ironborn burned Winterfell. I'm sure they'll address it at the start of next season. If they had shown Northmen burning Winterfell, that would have really confused the shit out of viewers.
3593	sumpthy	2012-06-04	Well considering they've cast Ramsay for next season I think we can finally drop the Dagmer=Ramsay stuff.Have they?
3594	Black Unicorn	2012-06-04	I guess there is just something missing here that I'm not getting, it being again if the ironborn hand Theon over to the real Ramsay, who is leading the army surrounding Winterfell, and then the ironborn leave without a fight.... why does Winterfell get burned? :\
3595	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I think they intended to make the viewer think the Ironborn burned Winterfell. I'm sure they'll address it at the start of next season. If they had shown Northmen burning Winterfell, that would have really confused the shit out of viewers.Wasn't the general belief in Westeros that it was the ironborn who burned Winterfell?  Wasn't that the false story spread by the Bastard?  If that's the case, then they've basically put viewers in the same position as most of the people of Westeros.  It's a change, but one of perspective more than of substance.
3596	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	I guess there is just something missing here that I'm not getting, it being again if the ironborn hand Theon over to the real Ramsay, who is leading the army surrounding Winterfell, and then the ironborn leave without a fight.... why does Winterfell get burned? :\They said it was Roose's "bastard from the Dreadfort." Robb gave the order to let the Ironborn go free, except for Theon Greyjoy.
3597	teemo	2012-06-04	I'm worried that Ramsay isn't going to be cast, even though that seems ridiculous when they are casting people like Edmure Tully, the Blackfish, Olenna....all very important characters IMO, but Ramsay is up there with them, if not higher.  I thought Theon's story was one of the greatest of the season, until.....the final episode.  Talk about anticlimactic.
3598	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	I'm worried that Ramsay isn't going to be cast, even though that seems ridiculous when they are casting people like Edmure Tully, the Blackfish, Olenna....all very important characters IMO, but Ramsay is up there with them, if not higher.  I thought Theon's story was one of the greatest of the season, until.....the final episode.  Talk about anticlimactic.Pretty much sums up Theon's life, no?
3599	sumpthy	2012-06-04	I'm worried that Ramsay isn't going to be cast, even though that seems ridiculous when they are casting people like Edmure Tully, the Blackfish, Olenna....all very important characters IMO, but Ramsay is up there with them, if not higher.  I thought Theon's story was one of the greatest of the season, until.....the final episode.  Talk about anticlimactic.He may not be in the next season since all we get in ASoS is Roose Bolton giving Robb an update on Theon Greyjoy.
3600	King Tommen	2012-06-04	I loved the Theon story this season but the writing was on the wall about the ending falling flat when they decided not to cast Ramsay this season but still wanted to complete the sack of Winterfell storyline with Ramsay being behind it.
They wrote themselves into a corner as it would have looked ridiculously cheesy to have Ramsay appear as a glorified extra so they essentially had to skip that entire scene of the Ironborn giving up Theon and then getting slaughtered anyways.
While I can certainly live with them delaying the introduction of Ramsay until he's actually cast, the execution in the finale was sloppy and as a end to the television Theon arc, created a lot of confusion for the audience (which I don't believe was the intention).  As a book reader, I know what happened and where Theon is going but I've read a number of reviews of the show from non-readers and they either (1) grossly misinterpreted what happened with Winterfell and Theon or (2) were disappointed with the execution as they suspect what probably happened but have no idea why it was shown the way it was.  The answer of course is that they haven't cast the guy who orchestrated the betrayal so they couldn't show him in action but only hardcore fans know this fact.
I've read many interpretations from non-readers that involve them assuming Theon was dragged back to the Iron Islands by his crew, or that the Ironborn torched the city on the way out (because they don't show any of them dead on the ground as Bran and crew survey the damage).  The audience doesn't understand what happened to the Northmen who were laying siege to Winterfell and why Bran and Rickon had to take off and not try and find them.  It's extremely strange that Luwin didn't bother to mention that the Northmen laying siege to Winterfell ending up being the ones to burn it down as he clearly would have been able to witness this even while wounded.  He managed to drag himself all the way over to the Wiertree, I'm sure he would have noticed the result of the siege.
In any case, it was obviously left as a "we'll explain this next season" deal but I thought they would have come up with something a little better to write around the fact that Ramsay wasn't there.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 04 June 2012 - 01:50 PM.
3601	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-06-04	This must be confusing to non book readers left wondering, who burned down the castle and where are they?
3602	Clueless Northman	2012-06-04	Wasn't the general belief in Westeros that it was the ironborn who burned Winterfell?  Wasn't that the false story spread by the Bastard?  If that's the case, then they've basically put viewers in the same position as most of the people of Westeros.  It's a change, but one of perspective more than of substance.Indeed. So, that could work, but they have to show next season the whole Dreadfort men taking over, capturing Theon, then killing a few Ironmen, then burning down the castle.And by "next season", I mean in the first episode. Then it would make a bit of sense and would clear things up a bit for the non-readers. Or it might utterly confuse them since Roose looks to be Robb's second-in-command /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3603	Frumpus	2012-06-04	Did anyone else get a resurge of the suspicion that Dagmer = Ramsey in the show from this scene? When Dagmer says "Let's go home", I got the impression he may have meant the Dreadfort. I'm still not sure how this would play with Ramsey being in disguise all the way from Pyke, but even with Roose previously talking about his bastard at the Dreadfort, I don't really think that Roose would have told the whole truth to Rob anyway.Ugh enough with that. Taking some of Character A's parts and giving them to Character B does not mean Character A = Character B! this is just common novel->other media stuff! Ramsay is not Dagmer.is must be confusing to non book readers left wondering, who burned down the castle and where are they?I'd like to know how they reacted to that scene. I mean, it's really implausible to believe that the 20 ironborn men managed to not only burn Winterfell but also kill all of the troops outside. They will have to start thinking really hard about what possibly happened. Though my guess is many probably didn't think about it at all. I've yet to see any mention of this in any of the articles or outside forum posts I've read.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 04 June 2012 - 02:13 PM.
3604	Jameson Snow	2012-06-04	If I hadn't read the books, I would be so utterly lost and confused about this entire story line. It starts with the Ironborn being disrespectful to Theon and treating him like crap when they set sail. Dagmer is the only one who is essentially friendly to Theon and suggests they go take Winterfell, right? So then we get there, take it, kill some children, have Dagmer egging Theon on the entire time. And then at the climax, Dagmer just knocks him out and says let's go home? What the hell? I just am completely missing the point of the entire plot of the season. What was the point of going to Winterfell? Why was Dagmer nice to Theon to begin with at all? What was gained? I don't get it, man!!
3605	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	If I hadn't read the books, I would be so utterly lost and confused about this entire story line. It starts with the Ironborn being disrespectful to Theon and treating him like crap when they set sail. Dagmer is the only one who is essentially friendly to Theon and suggests they go take Winterfell, right? So then we get there, take it, kill some children, have Dagmer egging Theon on the entire time. And then at the climax, Dagmer just knocks him out and says let's go home? What the hell? I just am completely missing the point of the entire plot of the season. What was the point of going to Winterfell? Why was Dagmer nice to Theon to begin with at all? What was gained? I don't get it, man!!Robb tells Roose to send his bastard to Winterfell. He tells Roose all Ironborn are not to be harmed, except Theon Greyjoy. Ironborn don't like, respect or trust Theon. That's made clear throughout the season. Dagmer acts like he does because he's playing the Reek role. Ironborn are heartless assholes who give no fuck. Asha begs Theon to leave with her or he'll be killed. Ironborn let Theon give big speech because they think it's funny and give no fuck about Theon. Dagmer knocks Theon out. They turn Theon in, in exchange for their lives. Who burns Winterfell is the only confusing part, which will be addressed next season. It's pretty simple. Maybe not well done, but that's opinion.
3606	King Tommen	2012-06-04	If I hadn't read the books, I would be so utterly lost and confused about this entire story line. It starts with the Ironborn being disrespectful to Theon and treating him like crap when they set sail. Dagmer is the only one who is essentially friendly to Theon and suggests they go take Winterfell, right? So then we get there, take it, kill some children, have Dagmer egging Theon on the entire time. And then at the climax, Dagmer just knocks him out and says let's go home? What the hell? I just am completely missing the point of the entire plot of the season. What was the point of going to Winterfell? Why was Dagmer nice to Theon to begin with at all? What was gained? I don't get it, man!!Well I think at least when it comes to Dagmer and the crew's motivation, I don't think there is any confusion as to why they did what they did.  They were fine allowing Theon to lead them and go raise some hell in Winterfell because that fit in with the Ironborn philosophy of reaving and taking what what they wanted, when they wanted.  But when push came to shove, they had no real loyalty to Theon as a leader and when offered the option of giving him up in order to save their own lives and return home, it was an easy choice.There were issues with the end of Theon's storyline but that IMO was not one of them.
3607	turdle	2012-06-04	It starts with the Ironborn being disrespectful to Theon and treating him like crap when they set sail. Dagmer is the only one who is essentially friendly to Theon and suggests they go take Winterfell, right?i understand why people think dagmer suggested theon take winterfell, but he doesn't. dagmer merely tells theon bluntly that theon is not going to be respected by his men for raiding fishing villages, the rest is theon.edited to make words make sense*
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 04 June 2012 - 03:10 PM.
3608	Qwop22	2012-06-04	Isn't Ramsay slotted to be casted in Season 3? 
It appears to me that they are going to play it out like this:
Dagmer and Co. surrendered Winterfell to the Bastard of the Dreadfort and offered Theon in exchange for their lives. Then Ramsay ransacked Winterfell.
3609	turdle	2012-06-04	It appears to me that they are going to play it out like this:Dagmer and Co. surrendered Winterfell to the Bastard of the Dreadfort and offered Theon in exchange for their lives. Then Ramsay ransacked Winterfell.i assume you are correct, but it doesn't make sense that bran/osha/rickon/hodor flee if they don't know what happened there.
3610	The Second Hand	2012-06-04	If that's true, Q, then they will obviously include Alfie in the next couple of seasons. Which is really awful, too, and a complete betrayal of the eventual surprise.
3611	Jayaris	2012-06-04	I feel like Luwin was preoccupied bleeding out crawling to the Godswood to take notice.
3612	dtones520	2012-06-04	I'm worried that Ramsay isn't going to be cast, even though that seems ridiculous when they are casting people like Edmure Tully, the Blackfish, Olenna....all very important characters IMO, but Ramsay is up there with them, if not higher.  I thought Theon's story was one of the greatest of the season, until.....the final episode.  Talk about anticlimactic.Why would they mention him in multiple episodes and then never cast him? Plus I highly doubt that they are going to have Alfie Allen disappear for two seasons and then bring him back for season 5, especially after the great job he did this season. We will see Ramsay torturing Theon throughout the next two seasons. We will get a picture of how evil Ramsay Bolton is, bank it.
3613	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	i assume you are correct, but it doesn't make sense that bran/osha/rickon/hodor flee if they don't know what happened there.So they should stay in ruins instead of seeking help at the wall?
3614	turdle	2012-06-04	So they should stay in ruins instead of seeking help at the wall?they don't have to stay in the ruins, but they don't have to flee, either. they aren't on the lam, so to speak.  no one is trying to kill them.
3615	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	they don't have to stay in the ruins, but they don't have to flee, either. they aren't on the lam, so to speak.  no one is trying to kill them.There's nothing to stay for. Winterfell's in ruins. It's a sacked city. Why would they stay? There's nothing there.
3616	turdle	2012-06-04	There's nothing to stay for. Winterfell's in ruins. It's a sacked city. Why would they stay? There's nothing there.i think you're misunderstanding, i'm not saying they needed to stay, i'm saying in the show, they're not in any danger. in the book they have an explicit reason to run. on the show they do not.
3617	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	i think you're misunderstanding, i'm not saying they needed to stay, i'm saying in the show, they're not in any danger. in the book they have an explicit reason to run. on the show they do not.Considering that Winterfell's been sacked, there are no guards, and it's only inhabited by a kid, a crippled boy, a wildling and a halfwit, there's no reason to stay. It's dangerous. So far, the motivation is different, but the result is the same. Patience...
3618	turdle	2012-06-04	Considering that Winterfell's been sacked, there are no guards, and it's only inhabited by a kid, a crippled boy, a wildling and a halfwit, there's no reason to stay. It's dangerous. So far, the motivation is different, but the result is the same. Patience...it's not a matter of patience, it's a matter of not having an explanation to my non-reader friends when they point out to me that they don't understand why they're running away.  i didn't even think about the issue until they brought it up to me, and i had to resort to, "well they have a reason in the book."
3619	King Tommen	2012-06-04	i think you're misunderstanding, i'm not saying they needed to stay, i'm saying in the show, they're not in any danger. in the book they have an explicit reason to run. on the show they do not.Before dying, Luwin does say that "they may come back" which is why Bran and co need to leave.  Who "they" are is supposed to be ambiguous but it doesn't make much sense that Ironborn would come back again after sacking a city so he is most likely referring to Ramsay's men.  Which is why it doesn't make sense for him to keep this information from Bran and Osha.  Like a little heads up that the guys who were supposed to save them ended up being the ones who burnt their home down which means they can't trust anyone and should head to the Wall.But he couldn't impart that crucial bit of info because it would inform the audience of what actually happened and the writers want that reveal to remain frustratingly ambiguous until next season.Basically, it's as if they cut the crucial climax of the arc out of this season entirely because of external issues (no casting of the villain) and then had to write around the fact that they couldn't show that scene.  There is a domino effect of making some of the character actions confusing and unclear (Luwin not spilling the beans, did the Ironborn leave?, where the hell did all the Northmen go?, why exactly did the city get sacked? etc).I think it was very much a case of, "we'll have to deal with this next season, there's no good way of explaining this coherently now."
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 04 June 2012 - 03:47 PM.
3620	Spidey	2012-06-04	What i don't get is why they didn't cast Ramsay instead of Dagmer. Dagmer didn't do anything that they could have done just as well using Reek.
3621	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	What i don't get is why they didn't cast Ramsay instead of Dagmer. Dagmer didn't do anything that they could have done just as well using Reek.They don't want the audience to know the North is turning on Robb. That's my only guess. Also, they may not want to introduce Ramsay, then omit him for an entire season.
3622	turdle	2012-06-04	Before dying, Luwin does say that "they may come back" which is why Bran and co need to leave.  Who "they" are is supposed to be ambiguous but it doesn't make much sense that Ironborn would come back again after sacking a city so he is most likely referring to Ramsay's men.  Which is why it doesn't make sense for him to keep this information from Bran and Osha.  Like a little heads up that the guys who were supposed to save them ended up being the ones who burnt their home down which means they can't trust anyone and should head to the Wall.But he couldn't impart that crucial bit of info because it would inform the audience of what actually happened and the writers want that reveal to remain frustratingly ambiguous until next season.exactly.  the only thing they might do is have osha know, because the scene cuts before luwin is dead, but it's still odd because you'd think he'd impart the knowledge of what happened to her before getting her agree to kill him.
3623	Spidey	2012-06-04	They can't omit him, because they can't omit a regular like Alfie Allen for an entire season. They need to show his imprisonment. .
3624	turdle	2012-06-04	They can't omit him, because they can't omit a regular like Alfie Allen for an entire season. They need to show his imprisonment. .while i disagree with you that they couldn't omit alfie allen, i think you are probably right that they won't.  but i do think they could have shown us bits of theons imprisonment without ever showing ramseys face. a scene here or there with theon in a cell, just before, or just after his torture, perhaps while he's escaped. and even if they wanted to show a bit of theons torture, they could do it without showing ramseys face too.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 04 June 2012 - 04:04 PM.
3625	Direwolf Lager	2012-06-04	dagmer is definitely not ramsay. the ironborn are going home and turning theon over to the northerners. i don't quite understand why they had dagmer kill maester luwin tho. i know he dies at this point in the novels but the show's explanation of it was quite dreadful. however, if ramsay snow appears early in next season, this storyline can redeem itself
3626	turdle	2012-06-04	dagmer is definitely not ramsay. the ironborn are going home and turning theon over to the northerners. i don't quite understand why they had dagmer kill maester luwin tho. i know he dies at this point in the novels but the show's explanation of it was quite dreadful. however, if ramsay snow appears early in next season, this storyline can redeem itselffrom a story telling stand point, the reason they had dagmer kill luwin was to reinforce the mislead that the ironborn are the ones who burned winterfell down. from a narrative stand point, the reason dagmer kills luwin, is that dagmer is an asshole who doesn't like that whiny old maester, and they're on their way out anyways, so who gives a shit. also it's shocking. i'm more or less ok with this, but it's hard to explain to a non-reader.
3627	Maester Reek	2012-06-04	Theon's speech wasw actuaaly pretty moving tho and i kinda expected to see something much cooler than what happened...... a little battle before ramsay gets thru or something epic ..... even if theon tried to yield and ask to join the nights watch only to have ramsay bitch slap him with his lobster clawed chainmail fist would have been great...... i jus hope dagmer gets some flaying action himself
3628	Roboginger	2012-06-04	Well considering they've cast Ramsay for next season I think we can finally drop the Dagmer=Ramsay stuff.Have they? i have not heard anything about this, can i see the source i would be interested in reading it.
3629	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	I hope they will try to flesh out Theon's story arch next season, if he'll even be on the show next year. A good way of doing this would be him being shackled in the dreadfort, remembering how he woke up as they were leaving the DF (come on, Dagmer hitting him looked extremely weak). Maybe Ramsay would remove the hood, then slaying Dagmer, and then the sack of WF would begin. Well, here's to hoping..
3630	Lord Martin	2012-06-04	They can't show Ramsay Bolton burning Winterfell.   It had to be left ambiguous otherwise the viewers wouldn't continue to trust Roose Bolton.
With this ending, we are in the same position as everyone else in Westeros.  We think that the Ironmen burned Winterfell, so the reveal will be all the more compelling when we find out that Roose ordered his son Ramsay to burn it to the ground.  
I imagine there will be some extra dialogue at the RW or Roose's scene with Jaime where this will be discussed.
3631	King Tommen	2012-06-04	dagmer is definitely not ramsay. the ironborn are going home and turning theon over to the northerners. i don't quite understand why they had dagmer kill maester luwin tho. i know he dies at this point in the novels but the show's explanation of it was quite dreadful. however, if ramsay snow appears early in next season, this storyline can redeem itselfYou honestly believe that the Ironborn were allowed to leave after turning Theon over? The only reason this wasn't shown was because they're attempting to not telegraph that Ramsay (and Roose by association) are screwing Robb over.  However, since it's the only real explanation that makes sense given how we see the aftermath, I don't think they're fooling too many audience members, only confusing them by not showing the entire sequence of events.
3632	turdle	2012-06-04	You honestly believe that the Ironborn were allowed to leave after turning Theon over? The only reason this wasn't shown was because they're attempting to not telegraph that Ramsay (and Roose by association) are screwing Robb over.  However, since it's the only real explanation that makes sense given how we see the aftermath, I don't think they're fooling too many audience members, only confusing them by not showing the entire sequence of events.i think it actually could work well enough as long as the audience doesn't over analyze what happened at winterfell. i've only heard one non-reader suspicious of the goings on there, beyond just a bit of shock that dagmer killed luwin.
3633	RenlyWasNotGay	2012-06-04	I was extremely disappointed with the way they handled Theon's exit.
3634	Dolorous Nick	2012-06-04	What i don't get is why they didn't cast Ramsay instead of Dagmer. Dagmer didn't do anything that they could have done just as well using Reek.I think the Dagmer character represented the ideal Iron Born that Theon aspired to emulate...basically ruthless, cruel, and fearsome.  The change definitely works in that it establishes the Iron Born as complete bastards and allows the viewer to see Theon's moral descent as he struggles to live up to that "standard."  However, the show is sacrificing a pretty powerful component to the whole Ramsay/Theon story arc by eliminating the Reek character.  I'm curious to see where the writers go from here.
3635	King Tommen	2012-06-04	They can't show Ramsay Bolton burning Winterfell.   It had to be left ambiguous otherwise the viewers wouldn't continue to trust Roose Bolton.With this ending, we are in the same position as everyone else in Westeros.  We think that the Ironmen burned Winterfell, so the reveal will be all the more compelling when we find out that Roose ordered his son Ramsay to burn it to the ground.  I imagine there will be some extra dialogue at the RW or Roose's scene with Jaime where this will be discussed.Except this isn't a very good secret for the audience.  It's pretty clear that Ramsay burnt down Winterfell even though they didn't show it.  Robb's orders were to allow the Ironborn to leave if they turned over Theon and allowed the forces to retake the city and Bran and Rickon were unharmed (they even made a point of showing Robb telling Roose explicitly this during the episode preview to remind the audience).  Burning down Winterfell and taking off wasn't part of the deal so I don't think you have to be overly astute to notice that the Bastard's forces blatantly disobeyed the order.This is not some big long misdirection, it will most likely be cleared up in Episode 1 next season when we see Theon and the newly cast Ramsay back at the Dreadfort.  It's not some clever misdirection for the audience, it's a "we can't show our cards yet because we can't show you the bad guy so we aren't spelling this all out at this moment".
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 04 June 2012 - 04:21 PM.
3636	Jameson Snow	2012-06-04	Well I think at least when it comes to Dagmer and the crew's motivation, I don't think there is any confusion as to why they did what they did.  They were fine allowing Theon to lead them and go raise some hell in Winterfell because that fit in with the Ironborn philosophy of reaving and taking what what they wanted, when they wanted.  But when push came to shove, they had no real loyalty to Theon as a leader and when offered the option of giving him up in order to save their own lives and return home, it was an easy choice.There were issues with the end of Theon's storyline but that IMO was not one of them. I agree it fits in with their philosophy but not in terms of the location of Winterfell. When Asha gets there, she reminds Theon that the source of the Ironborn's strength is in their ships, which is why they need to stick to raiding towns, villages, etc. near water. Why would Ironborn sailors/soldiers ignore this idea and agree to go to where they would be weak? Surely, they would speak up in protest against Theon. I guess I just am confused by the character of Dagmer and his motivation. Why would he be the one to be somewhat kind and encouraging to Theon, helping him while all the other Ironborn despise him, and then just turn on him at the end? I get that he has no problem giving him up when his life is on the line, but it just seems like a big waste of time coming to Winterfell. What did he hope to accomplish?
3637	Le Noir Faineant	2012-06-04	Will Alfie Allen be back for season 3? Not a joke question. Would probably even make sense.
3638	theHoodedBard	2012-06-04	The series has handle Theon Brilliantly, GRRM has made it clear he regrets portraying certain characters in a way and would change it in show.... "it should have been you" is one of these biggest moments. 
The series' Theon i think portrays the incredibly complexity of Theons life better than the books and what a struggle that situation would present.
3639	Hear Us Roar	2012-06-04	Ramsay will be in season 3. When Theon gets to the dreadfort
3640	mcb	2012-06-04	They can't omit him, because they can't omit a regular like Alfie Allen for an entire season. Sure they can. If David Duchovny could disappear for a season from X-Files, certainly Alfie Allen can disappear from GOT for a time.
3641	scurvy	2012-06-04	I expect that Ramsay will kill the Ironborn so they can tell no tales after a fine banquet with ale and wine and claim that they put Winterfell to the torch when they defended it against his attack.  At the same time he will spread the word that Theon killed Bran and Rickon in order to fill that gap in the storyline.  Of course Sansa isn't heir to Winterfell unless the boys are dead and she doesn't become Lady of Winterfell upon Robb's death unless the boys are dead. So, Tywin arranging her marriage doesn't make sense unless Roose tells Tywin of the boys' deaths.
3642	The Monkey	2012-06-04	Aye, they are postponing the reveal of the Bolton treason for another season.
3643	Man in the Black	2012-06-04	I really liked the Theon scenes in the finale. Sure it departs from the book but they are well acted and constructed scenes, especially the speech which had me laughing my ass off.
3644	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Aye, they are postponing the reveal of the Bolton treason for another season.Yeah why cast someone for one scene when you can introduce him next season and get theons story picking up fast. Hope they have Theons story next season. Best way to show the Bolton betraying Robb is through Theon the first guy betraying Robb and once you see the difference between the two it gives Theon a lot more empathy.
3645	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	For me, the problem is, is that if the Ironborn were to be set free after giving Theon up to "the bastard," then why the eff is Winterfell burning?  That is a question my non-reader friends asked.  
It didn't make sense.  
"Wait, they gave up Theon, and then still fought the Northmen?  Is that why Winterfell is in ruins?"
.
Would it have been SO DIFFICULT to have Lewin tell Osha this?  As it was, he warned her of enemies.  Why not throw in an "EVEN NORTHMEN!  THE BASTARD OF BOLTON HAS TAKEN WINTERFELL, UNKNOWN TO ROBB."  
Instead it's "Kill me, quickly."  
That was really stupid.
That bit of knowledge would keep tv watchers in suspense, waiting for and hating Ramsay, before he's even seen onscreen.  
But no.  Now they are left with "Derp dee derp.  Winterfell is ruined...because it just is.  Derp de derp."
3646	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	For me, the problem is, is that if the Ironborn were to be set free after giving Theon up to "the bastard," then why the eff is Winterfell burning?  That is a question my non-reader friends asked.  It didn't make sense.  "Wait, they gave up Theon, and then still fought the Northmen?  Is that why Winterfell is in ruins?".Would it have been SO DIFFICULT to have Lewin tell Osha this?  As it was, he warned her of enemies.  Why not throw in an "EVEN NORTHMEN!  THE BASTARD OF BOLTON HAS TAKEN WINTERFELL, UNKNOWN TO ROBB."  Instead it's "Kill me, quickly."  That was really stupid.That bit of knowledge would keep tv watchers in suspense, waiting for and hating Ramsay, before he's even seen onscreen.  But no.  Now they are left with "Derp dee derp.  Winterfell is ruined...because it just is.  Derp de derp."Derp Derp indeed for anyone who read the books. But for non-book readers it was a great cliff hanger I bet. If you friends were asking you who burned winterfell? Then that is a good mystery for them for next season. Or it will make them read the books. Plus I really think they want the Red Wedding to creep up and surprise the viewers. If non-book readers already knew that Robbs second in command's son burned winterfell they would know next season hes gonna get fucked.I think they are just trying in all ways possible to keep the Red Wedding a secret in the show. Plus Ramsey is so goddamn evil the guy doesn't need any build up.
3647	Mulled Wino	2012-06-04	I'm glad we can get rid off that pathetic Dagmer=Ramsay theory. Horrible.This.  Astonishingly people are still tryig with it in this very thread.
3648	HalfAGroat	2012-06-04	2) On the other hand, the very final moments of his last scene rang utterly false. I suppose we're to take it that Dagmer and Lorren and the others had already planned to sell out Theon. But their cheering him? That's a bit too much. What's he going to do if they stare stonily at him, waiting for him to shut up? That's for the audience, and doesn't feel real and organic. I found it jarringly false.I'm not so sure that the others would have been in on the plan to sell out Theon. Dagmer and Lorren probably would have made this plan on their own, without informing the rank and file; the less people that know, the better.  As far as the cheering, Dagmer said it best: "it was a good speech."
3649	Reposado	2012-06-04	For me, the problem is, is that if the Ironborn were to be set free after giving Theon up to "the bastard," then why the eff is Winterfell burning?  That is a question my non-reader friends asked.  possibly, they gave up theon thinking that ramsay would honor his promise, and then he murdered them anyways once they had no walls.but i'm not sure how they show theon's torture. will they spread 4-5 scenes over the next three season? that's what they'd be keeping alfie allen on for
3650	Mulled Wino	2012-06-04	For me, the problem is, is that if the Ironborn were to be set free after giving Theon up to "the bastard," then why the eff is Winterfell burning?  That is a question my non-reader friends asked.  It didn't make sense.  "Wait, they gave up Theon, and then still fought the Northmen?  Is that why Winterfell is in ruins?".Why does the viewer have to know?  It sets up a surprise behinning that can be discussed from now until the next season.  Makes perfect sense actually.  They dont have to tie up all the lose ends, which is something else that makes this series close to unique.
3651	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Why does the viewer have to know?  It sets up a surprise behinning that can be discussed from now until the next season.  Makes perfect sense actually.  They dont have to tie up all the lose ends, which is something else that makes this series close to unique.Exactly, no better way to start season 3 then showing the sacking of winterfell. Sets up the viewers for a season filled with a storm of swords.
3652	green_caitlin	2012-06-04	"Pathetic Dagmer=Ramsay theory". Yes, it is pathetic. But the final scene with Theon and his men was even more pathetic, and somehow I wouldn't be surprised if it turned out Dagmar really is Ramsay. Anything is possible in this 'adaptation'.
They (I mean the screenwriters, not the Ironborn :/) could've handled it in so many different ways, but they chose the most absurd one. I'd been expecting, for instance, to see Roose Bolton (since we haven't met Ramsay so far and I hadn't thought they'd introduce him at the end of this series) storm Winterfell, fight Theon's man, defeat them and capture Greyjoy. Wouldn't it be surprising enough (at least, for a person who hasn't read the book?). But no, instead we had to see the grotesque 'speech scene'. Are these the same Ironborn Martin wrote about?   
I may be wrong, but I have the impression that they just didn't want to spend money to show us the battle at Winterfell, so they changed the ending.
Sorry for being so emotional, but I've never felt so angry since I started watching the series. Theon's story is a well-written one and now I feel it's being wasted.
3653	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	Why does the viewer have to know?  It sets up a surprise behinning that can be discussed from now until the next season.  Makes perfect sense actually.  They dont have to tie up all the lose ends, which is something else that makes this series close to unique.Why?  It sets in motion a hatred before a character is even cast.  With one sentence, an entire plot line is known without using precious screen time next season.  Next season starts with people knowing exactly who Ramsay is.  Now, there's going to be a 10 minute dialogue between Ramsay and a whore in at least 8 different episodes about his exploits, and then a 2 minute Red Wedding.  If there even is a Red Wedding, because the writers may decide to kill off all of Robb's men before it even takes place.  They all get eaten by alligators that Mel saw in the flames after Stannis choked her, or some other bullshit like that.  Maybe they all turn to rabbit's and the explanation is "Oh, well, it's 3pm."
3654	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Why?  It sets in motion a hatred before a character is even cast.  With one sentence, an entire plot line is known without using precious screen time next season.  Next season starts with people knowing exactly who Ramsay is.  Now, there's going to be a 10 minute dialogue between Ramsay and a whore in at least 8 different episodes about his exploits, and then a 2 minute Red Wedding.  If there even is a Red Wedding, because the writers may decide to kill off all of Robb's men before it even takes place.  They all get eaten by alligators that Mel saw in the flames after Stannis choked her, or some other bullshit like that.  Maybe they all turn to rabbit's and the explanation is "Oh, well, it's 3pm."I understand but think about it this way. Jaime Lannister we are supposed to hate then he becomes a character we start to enjoy. Ramsey could be the oppoisite effect when first introduce he could seem not to bad but by the end of the episode he does something like burning winterfell to the ground that it suprises and angers you and you think well he still might have some redeming quailties....then we get to see the next 3 seasons of torture and rape. Acctually seeing him do something rather then hearing Luwin say it gives more depth to his character.
3655	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	I understand but think about it this way. Jaime Lannister we are supposed to hate then he becomes a character we start to enjoy. Ramsey could be the oppoisite effect when first introduce he could seem not to bad but by the end of the episode he does something like burning winterfell to the ground that it suprises and angers you and you think well he still might have some redeming quailties....then we get to see the next 3 seasons of torture and rape. Acctually seeing him do something rather then hearing Luwin say it gives more depth to his character. We saw Joff as a completely insane little turd from the get go.  No "OMG!" moments were needed.  From his very first scene he was hated, and he still is.  There are characters that are loved throughout and others hated throughout, with consistency.  There are others, such as Jaime, that you hate, then may have a change of heart towards.  You can have that change of heart toards Jaime and still have the continuing hate for Ramsay, with no build up, just as you did with Joff.
3656	MizasterJ	2012-06-04	It would have been really nice to just see a glimpse of Ramsay.Why not? Instead of having the incredibly vague and somewhat confusing ending. In my opinion that would make a better lead in to Season 3..(who was that man and why did he burn winterfell?) Yes the viewers may understand that it was Roose Bolton's bastard but, they wouldnt necessarily know that Roose was "in on it"  Ramsay could have been defying his father. 
Instead we don't know what happened to Theon, we dont know what happened to the Ironmen, and we also have a loose end hanging with Roose telling Robb that his bastard's army was going to rescue Bran and Rikkon.
3657	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	We saw Joff as a completely insane little turd from the get go.  No "OMG!" moments were needed.  From his very first scene he was hated, and he still is.  There are characters that are loved throughout and others hated throughout, with consistency.  There are others, such as Jaime, that you hate, then may have a change of heart towards.  You can have that change of heart toards Jaime and still have the continuing hate for Ramsay, with no build up, just as you did with Joff.See I think Ramsey could be the new Jofferey. In the series first episode he doesn't do anything to bad. He is rude to the starks by not giving them his sympathies for Bran falling, but its not like he killed anyone he just a prick. But the second episode you see he is truely a little shit when he has the butchers boy killed.Ramsey in his first appearance could burn winterfell to the ground and kill the ironborn at the same time. So you think awsome he killed the Ironborn. Then when he burns down winterfell the viewer would think oh my god why would he do that. Then the next scene with him is straight up flaying. I mean sure you could have him be a pure evil guy but you gotta remeber in asoiaf everyone even the shitty of all shitty have a reason for being so evil and grrm always gives you a hint of pity for them. Ramsey is awful absolutly nasty. But you cant forget he is the way he is because of his father. Not that it redeems him or anything, but it gives you a slight amount of pity and understanding. And I mean small.By the end of the series the only pure evil villian with the Others.
3658	The Second Hand	2012-06-04	I think we can all agree that the handling of Theon's story was really awful and almost embarrasingly pedestrian. The fact that we'll wait, what, two years for Ramsay? God, a fan favorite totally gone now... and we'll be lucky if non-readers remember him at all.
3659	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-04	so much drama!
My prediction:
ramsay will be cast for season 3 and he will be a larger than life TV villain.  He'll get more screen time than he gets book time and everyone will enjoy the shit out of watching him torture Theon.  They aren't going to leave that story arc hanging.. we will see this very early in the next season as a new plot element.
non-readers are left with the mystery of which Northmen?  why burn WF?  and enough clues to put it together.  Roose mentions his bastard in the 'previously on' segment.  It's interesting that Robb is knowingly, in effect, handing Theon over to him.
Ramsay is just too good to be squeezed into the last two episodes.  I guess they'll have to find some other way to incorporate 'Reek,' involving some tv-villain monologue.
3660	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-06-04	I felt Theon's scenes to be quite powerful, the exchanges between him and Luwin were great, his being driven mad by the horns was great, and even if his speech might be contradictory to his characterization in the books I felt it was fantastic.From there my enthusiasm wanes.The iron born being pricks didn't bug me, it was funny in a dry way and somewhat fitting.  I just hate how it fades to black, everything's gone to shit and that they just leave us with a smouldering Winterfell.  I found it absurd that Luwin would go from refusing a clouded death to asking to be stabbed dead.  He also must have known it was Northern bannermen who did this, why not give a bit more of a heads up?  This must be confusing to non book readers left wondering, who burned down the castle and where are they?I think it's awfully cruel to leave that plot point up in the air for about a year. The three non book readers I know who watch didn't even mention the burning when discussing it with me.  I didn't let on anything except I'm wondering if they have ADHD or if they somehow think that 20 guys surrounded by 500 armed men would take it upon themselves to burn Winterfell down, especially considering they are going to the trouble of giving up their King's son I couldn't see them being so stupid as risking retaliation by doing this when they assume they are scott free from that betrayal.  Then again the are iron born...If that's true, Q, then they will obviously include Alfie in the next couple of seasons. Which is really awful, too, and a complete betrayal of the eventual surprise.Alfie was fantastic and doesn't deserve to be shelved for a few years.  I'm thinking he'll appear about as frequently next season as Jaime did this season, they will surely establish the Ramsay character and also let us in on Roose's misgivings, revealing what happened at the sacking of Winterfell.What i don't get is why they didn't cast Ramsay instead of Dagmer. Dagmer didn't do anything that they could have done just as well using Reek.Introducing Reek would have been very challenging and time consuming.  Even if they omitted all brothel scenes and Ros it still wouldn't have been enough to justify the character. Dolorous Nick does a good job below of explaining.I hope they will try to flesh out Theon's story arch next season, if he'll even be on the show next year. A good way of doing this would be him being shackled in the dreadfort, remembering how he woke up as they were leaving the DF (come on, Dagmer hitting him looked extremely weak). Maybe Ramsay would remove the hood, then slaying Dagmer, and then the sack of WF would begin. Well, here's to hoping..They haven't implemented flashbacks yet but it does seem like the best tool to use in this case.  You'd be surprised how good leverage and a well place shot can knock someone out.This.  Astonishingly people are still trying with it in this very thread.The theory has been so frustratingly retarded that I couldn't believe it would carry on and evolve into something even more atrocious... Implying that the whole iron born crew were Bolton operatives from the get go....  For fuck sakes give it a break people!!!
3661	YNGWLF	2012-06-04	I think (please don't crucify me) that they did a decent job with the sack of Winterfell for several reasons.
1. they can't afford to introduce Ramsay yet because they would have to keep an actor on hold for next season. So alright that makes sense.
2. they probably couldn't afford to shoot another battle scene because they spent all of their "battle money" on the Blackwater episode (which was totally worth it because everyone on here seemed to absolutely love that episode). Alright, that makes sense too.
3. In the books, everyone thinks it was the iron islanders who torched Winterfell. Everyone thinks Ramsay showed up and saved the day and everyone who survived the sack is tucked away safely in the Dreadfort under Ramsay's protection. It seems alright to take the viewers down that path for a while. The show does a good job of making it seem like the iron islanders burned it down (ending with a scene of Theon's men saying "lets go home" and then coming back to a scene of Winterfell burnt to a crisp) while at the same time keeping the viewers questioning what really happened. It'll make it that much more intense next season when they reveal that Roose is plotting to betray Rob and that his bastard was the one who torched Winterfell. The'll say "what the fuck!? that's what happened?!?!?! I DID NOT SEE THAT COMMING" which is what i said when i read the ending. So that seems to make sense too.
4. Dogs.. I always liked dogs, but we ate them anyway. So alright....
3662	Gaius Martell	2012-06-05	My biggest worry is that we need a great actor to pull off Ramsay in a way that makes us hate him in the way Jack Gleeson makes us hate Joffrey.  Yes, both characters are pricks, but there is a difference between stereotypical evil and a true loathsome character.
3663	midnightrider	2012-06-05	I am still confused in the show, as to who sacked Winterfell.  It was so different in the book.  Did they explain it, and I missed it?
3664	Ferrous	2012-06-05	I am still confused in the show, as to who sacked Winterfell.  It was so different in the book.  Did they explain it, and I missed it?It's not explained but it would have been Ramsay.
3665	I'm_Tim	2012-06-05	They can't introduce the Northmen turning on Robb yet. The Red Wedding is going to be on the level of "who shot JR." It has to be fresh. I can't wait for it. I'm already tearing up just thinking about the Mormont chick finding the mail on the Frey's and Little John turning the table over and screaming, "Protect the king." It's going to be epic. Let it all play out. Patience.
*disclaimer*
I haven't read the books in a while. That was the jist I got out of the Red Wedding. The awful musicians. The Mormont chick feeling the armor and the Umber freaking out. It's awesome.
3666	I'm_Tim	2012-06-05	Also, the Ironborn are assholes. They've always been that way. They take what they want. They have Saltwives. They have no love for Westeros. They don't give a shit about Theon or the Starks. They're Ironborn. They're my favorite characters. They sacked Winterfell because it was fun. They're Ironborn. They're the real pirates. Victarion, Euron... bad asses.
3667	MysticWind	2012-06-05	The Ironborn have the savagery of the Norse raiders, but unlike stereotypical Vikings who tried to have a good time with feasting and fighting for laughs and wearing horned helmets, they are ruled by a family with a creepy Lovecraftian vibe (TV Asha/Yara's exchange with Theon was all sorts of gross) and way too humorless. In a world of savagery, they seem to exude a worse sort of savagery, though of course not as bad as the Boltons. Think of them sea-brutes, worse than Dothraki because they don't have the noble savage thing.
Also is it just me or is Maester Luwin's answer to everything simply "go to the Wall." Because in a world of great internecine conflict and where friends are dubious and enemies are hidden behind everything bush, that's actually not a bad idea because the Night's Watch at least has a clear opponent to stop.
					
					
							Edited by MysticWind, 05 June 2012 - 02:13 AM.
3668	I'm_Tim	2012-06-05	The Ironborn have the savagery of the Norse raiders, but unlike stereotypical Vikings who tried to have a good time with feasting and fighting for laughs and wearing horned helmets, they are ruled by a family with a creepy Lovecraftian vibe (TV Asha/Yara's exchange with Theon was all sorts of gross) and way too humorless. In a world of savagery, they seem to exude a worse sort of savagery, though of course not as bad as the Boltons. Think of them sea-brutes, worse than Dothraki because they don't have the noble savage thing.Also is it just me or is Maester Luwin's answer to everything simply "go to the Wall." Because in a world of great internecine conflict and where friends are dubious and enemies are hidden behind everything bush, that's actually not a bad idea because the Night's Watch at least has a clear opponent to stop.The Ironborn and Dothraki have many of the same characteristics. They're consistent with the books IMO.
3669	MysticWind	2012-06-05	My biggest worry is that we need a great actor to pull off Ramsay in a way that makes us hate him in the way Jack Gleeson makes us hate Joffrey.  Yes, both characters are pricks, but there is a difference between stereotypical evil and a true loathsome character.Sir Hugh Laurie has his work schedule freed up now, doesn't he?The Ironborn and Dothraki have many of the same characteristics. They're consistent with the books IMO.Yeah, I mean makes sense since one are fictional sea raiders and the other are steppe nomad raiders. Though the Ironborn seem more shady, though maybe that's just because the Greyjoys are creepy.
					
					
							Edited by MysticWind, 05 June 2012 - 02:24 AM.
3670	I'm_Tim	2012-06-05	Sir Hugh Laurie has his work schedule freed up now, doesn't he?Yeah, I mean makes sense since one are fictional sea raiders and the other are steppe nomad raiders. Though the Ironborn seem more shady, though maybe that's just because the Greyjoys are creepy.They're both kind of isolated. The Ironborn don't like the Westerosi and don't want to be like them.
3671	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Sir Hugh Laurie has his work schedule freed up now, doesn't he?How old is Ramsay exactly? I had the impression that he was Robb's contemporary.
3672	DemiNymph	2012-06-05	I suppose they will be showing "the sack of winterfell" next season via flashback. Seems like a lot of people can't understand why or how in the show, Theon getting bopped in the head would lead to the sack. Lots of people are asking this question in other forums.
I think they will be showing Ramsey, ie, the ones with 500 soldiers surrounding Winterfell, killing all the Ironborn when they surrender, taking Theon hostage, then sacking Winterfell.
Another possibility is that the Ironborn are the ones who sack Winterfell, although that is not so interesting.
3673	StarkWard	2012-06-05	All that buildup for nothing. Theon was bound to fall, but he deserved a good fall. Instead, we get a comic sequence that annoys me to seven hells.
3674	Stenkarazine	2012-06-05	The way HBO dealt with the end of Theon prince of Winterfell gave me a pretty hard headache, just to explain what happend in the book to non-readers;
"Well, there was a guy in Winterfell dungeons, the servant of another guy which is supposed to be dead but in fact he is not, and... by the way, are you familiar with Lady Hornwood ?"
3675	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-05	Why did Dagmer convince Theon to take WInterfell, encourage him to kill the miller's boys knowing that any news of Bran and Rickon's death would result in the North mobilising with an even greater rage than it had previously, stay with him when given the option of leaving by ASHA, and then decide to stab him in the back (metaphorically) when the opposing army is at the gates?
Poor end to a great arc.
3676	mcb	2012-06-05	The way HBO dealt with the end of Theon prince of Winterfell gave me a pretty hard headache, just to explain what happend in the book to non-readers;"Well, there was a guy in Winterfell dungeons, the servant of another guy which is supposed to be dead but in fact he is not, and... by the way, are you familiar with Lady Hornwood ?"Dude, I've read the books and I still have no idea how to parse what you wrote between the quotation marks...That said: the non-readers are perfectly capable of following the story the way it was told. Here's Larry Williams, who makes a point of not reading the books the show's based on, and still grasped that one, Theon's people gave him away to the northmen, and two, it may be that the yet unnamed Roose Bolton's bastard burned Winterfell, and Robb is facing some serious loyalty problems. And why on Earth would he wonder about Lady Hornwood? She's absent from this version of the story, at least so far and maybe permanently. The books have literally hundreds of named characters, some has to be cut for the story to work on TV.BTW: is there any way to use letters for enumeration, i.e.: a), /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />, c), without the b (even lowercase!) turning into a smiley face with sunglasses? Annoying.
3677	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	All that buildup for nothing. Theon was bound to fall, but he deserved a good fall. Instead, we get a comic sequence that annoys me to seven hells.I think this might be the thing that bugged me the most about it.  Allen did an amazing job this season in portraying Theon, a lot of what they did in WF went really well - but then ended it with a fizzle.  It's almost like they can't decide which direction to take "mystery" in the series - do they spell everything out for people (bastards being killed, who went after Tyrion, etc) or leave it open to the fan putting things together.  I know all of the mysteries in the books can't be handled either that way or even at all based on time, etc - and that's fine - it just seems like the ones that are kept as mystery are more minor in scope.
3678	Stenkarazine	2012-06-05	Dude, I've read the books and I still have no idea how to parse what you wrote between the quotation marks...That said: the non-readers are perfectly capable of following the story the way it was told. Here's Larry Williams, who makes a point of not reading the books the show's based on, and still grasped that one, Theon's people gave him away to the northmen, and two, it may be that the yet unnamed Roose Bolton's bastard burned Winterfell, and Robb is facing some serious loyalty problems. And why on Earth would he wonder about Lady Hornwood? She's absent from this version of the story, at least so far and maybe permanently. The books have literally hundreds of named characters, some has to be cut for the story to work on TV.BTW: is there any way to use letters for enumeration, i.e.: a), /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />, c), without the b (even lowercase!) turning into a smiley face with sunglasses? Annoying.Sweet Lord, Lady Hornwood would be glad to hear how little you care about her. She died eating her own bloody fingers !More seriously, I wasn't writing about the show making sense or not. On this I tend to agree with you. I just said that non-readers asked me to explain how it happens in the books, just to compare with how it is rendered in the show. I have a lot of friends who don't read the books, not to make some point, but by sheer lazyness.
3679	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	what happened to the army outside WF after WF burned???
3680	mcb	2012-06-05	what happened to the army outside WF after WF burned???You mean what did Ramsay and his men do after they burned Winterfell? Went home, I guess. What else?
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 05 June 2012 - 07:55 AM.
3681	CardMaster24	2012-06-05	I was so prepared for some awesome fight scene after that speach though then when the dude knocked him out it was the biggest anticlimax yet
For me Theon's whole storyline has been dissapointing in comparison to the books. When they miss out on Ramasy Snow's whole plot line it kind of screwed things up.
3682	StarkBlack21	2012-06-05	Did anybody catch that ALFIE ALLEN just admitted that JOHN SNOW'S parents are LYANNA AND RHAEGAR!? LOL Hilarious. He says Martin told him who Snow's parents are and alludes to Luke Skywalker and Star Wars. I know we all knew who Jon's parents were, but funny how Alfie just basically confirms it.http://www.vulture.c...view.html?imw=Y
3683	StarkBlack21	2012-06-05	No one see the Alfie interview?
3684	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-05	Did anybody catch that ALFIE ALLEN just admitted that JOHN SNOW'S parents are LYANNA AND RHAEGAR!? LOL Hilarious. He says Martin told him who Snow's parents are and alludes to Luke Skywalker and Star Wars. I know we all knew who Jon's parents were, but funny how Alfie just basically confirms it.http://www.vulture.c...view.html?imw=YYup.
3685	Frumpus	2012-06-05	Er explain how the Luke Skywalker reference means R+L=J? Alfie Allen goes on to mention incest, which leads me to think he's implying Ned + Lyanna.
3686	congokong	2012-06-05	What I've realized is that the ASOIF series is a house of cards. When you change one thing, nothing makes sense anymore. And the writers have changed MANY things this season. That ending made no sense. Where did the iron men go? How did they get out? Why didn't Luwin mention what happened? Why did Bran take off if there is no Ramsay? How could he be looking for the 3 eyed crow without the Reeds? Why wasn't there a parley? How did Roderic manage to reach Winterfell alone after Torren's Square? And on and on and on...
3687	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	Way to go, Alfie!
3688	congokong	2012-06-05	Er explain how the Luke Skywalker reference means R+L=J? Alfie Allen goes on to mention incest, which leads me to think he's implying Ned + Lyanna.It suggests that Jon doesn't know who his father actually is, much like Luke Skywalker.
3689	StarkBlack21	2012-06-06	Also, like Luke Skywalker, John's father is the guy you least expect -- RHAEGAR TARGARYEN. Plus Rhaegar is colored like a bag guy by outsiders. That is the parallel. Most everyone expects Rhaegar to be John's father so it's not much of a surprise. But still a lil surprised Alfie was so open with it. But at this point I'm sure GRRM has made peace with the fact everyone who has read the books knows the answer.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 06 June 2012 - 12:05 PM.
3690	Lord Godric	2012-06-06	Also, like Luke Skywalkwer he is raised by his aunt and uncle.
3691	StarkBlack21	2012-06-06	Also, like Luke Skywalkwer he is raised by his aunt and uncle.BINGO! I totally forgot about that. Good catch!
3692	Darth Pipes	2012-06-06	I don't see how a non-viewer would think it's the Ironborn.  Robb had it known that the Ironborn would be free to go if they gave up Theon Greyjoy.  But I'm pretty sure if you burn down the freakin home of the Starks, your immunity would be forfeit.
3693	Lord Balbi	2012-06-06	The three non book readers I know who watch didn't even mention the burning when discussing it with me.  I didn't let on anything except I'm wondering if they have ADHD or if they somehow think that 20 guys surrounded by 500 armed men would take it upon themselves to burn Winterfell down, especially considering they are going to the trouble of giving up their King's son I couldn't see them being so stupid as risking retaliation by doing this when they assume they are scott free from that betrayal.  Then again the are iron born...Same here! I asked 4 non-reader friends and they all just assumed the ironborn burned Winterfell. They weren't even asking "why would they do that?". They just thought that they knocked down Theon since they didn't want to fight and burned winterfell during their attempt to flee.Then I asked "Wasn't it clear they wanted to surrender to the nothmen? It even shows in the freaking preview!!! How would they flee a castle under siege?" The answer of course "I don't know".I guess maybe that shows how the average viewer doesn't really care enough. They just accept it.Edit: typo
					
					
							Edited by Lord Balbi, 06 June 2012 - 01:07 PM.
3694	Harrad	2012-06-06	There is really no evidence at all to decide how Winterfell got burned. Similarly  in the books, the Stark boys are cornfused. No big deal. For non-readers, Theon's fate is also unclear. Some think he is being dragged back to Pyke.
3695	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-06	secondly, related to winterfell, i didn't realize it until talking with a few non-book readers, but it really doesn't make sense that bran and company leave winterfell for the north given that it's never explained to them what happened in winterfell.  in the book, they know that ramsey burned it down and is aware that they're still alive so they're really in danger. but here, the viewer, as well as bran and co. are under the impression that the iron-islanders are the ones who burned down winterfell, but they're gone now, so there is no threat still in winterfell, so why run away?That's a good point.  I can understand why they didn't introduce Ramsay this season -- hiring an actor for one show and that's it doesn't make much sense.  And I think they decided that given that, they'd like to keep the whole Ramsay betrayal a major surprise to open up next season -- helps build tension to the RW.  But unfortunately, keeping that a secret does create the problem you describe.Also, uh, didn't think of this until now, but there's another problem.  Maester Luwin was clearly intended not to survive, because Ramsay would not have wanted anyone to know what really happened.  Yet, in that last scene, we're left with Winterfell not flaming, but in smoking ruins.  In other words, it had been many hours since Luwin had been stabbed by Theon, and yet, he was still alive.  So the wound could not have been quite as reliably mortal as necessary, opening the possibility that the Bastard may have screwed up by having Luwin survive.  And that makes absolutely no sense at all, because anyone might have wandered into the castle at that point, heard Luwin's story, and blown the whistle.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 06 June 2012 - 02:04 PM.
3696	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-06	That's a good point.  I can understand why they didn't introduce Ramsay this season -- hiring an actor for one show and that's it doesn't make much sense.  And I think they decided that given that, they'd like to keep the whole Ramsay betrayal a major surprise to open up next season -- helps build tension to the RW.  But unfortunately, keeping that a secret does create the problem you describe.Also, uh, didn't think of this until now, but there's another problem.  Maester Luwin was clearly intended not to survive, because Ramsay would not have wanted anyone to know what really happened.  Yet, in that last scene, we're left with Winterfell not flaming, but in smoking ruins.  In other words, it had been many hours since Luwin had been stabbed by Theon, and yet, he was still alive.  So the wound could not have been quite as reliably mortal as necessary, opening the possibility that the Bastard may have screwed up by having Luwin survive.  And that makes absolutely no sense at all, because anyone might have wandered into the castle at that point, heard Luwin's story, and blown the whistle.Lewin used the secret escape routes he talked to Theon about on the show.  I'm sure on the show he just escaped while the Ironborn were handing over Theon.
3697	teemo	2012-06-06	Wow, Alfie sure talks a lot.  I wish they asked him more probing questions.
3698	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-06-06	Have you ever thought that they may have deliberately let the whole situation about Winterfell unclear or they did intend to confuse the tv-viewers in thinking that the Ironborn burnt the castle?
3699	Harrad	2012-06-06	Have you ever thought that they may have deliberately let the whole situation about Winterfell unclear or they did intend to confuse the tv-viewers in thinking that the Ironborn burnt the castle?IRL its more often not clear whats happened. Even eyewitnesses get it wrong, and in this case there were none. As people above noted the Maester probably was not conscious or present when the handover of Theon and the burning of Winterfell occurred. Anyone else looking forward to the extended flaying scene in the Dreadfort?
					
					
							Edited by Harrad, 06 June 2012 - 03:19 PM.
3700	ThinPaperWings	2012-06-06	Also, like Luke Skywalkwer he is raised by his aunt and uncle.Not to mention that his mother died during childbirth.
					
					
							Edited by ThinPaperWings, 06 June 2012 - 07:08 PM.
3701	Karish Stark	2012-06-06	It would have been perfect if they'd have added in this scene....- The Ironborn take Theon to a helmed man on a horse and give him over.  The man on the horse then tells his men to kill the ironborn and burn Winterfell.It would have left the audience confused, but all would have made sense later on and it would have explained why Winterfell was burned.Exactly!!!! that wouldnt have been so hard to do. And probably wouldnt have cost too much as well .......... I think.
3702	Harrad	2012-06-06	None here will be hired to plot cliffhangers. Waiting for next year to explain why Winterfell was burned and where everybody is--both the Iron Men and besieger--is SOP.
3703	King Slanding	2012-06-08	My biggest worry is that we need a great actor to pull off Ramsay in a way that makes us hate him in the way Jack Gleeson makes us hate Joffrey.  Yes, both characters are pricks, but there is a difference between stereotypical evil and a true loathsome character.Nah, they'll make him Avengers-Loki level stupid, makes a few threats but never does anything, sort of dopey. Just look whatthey did with Tywin making him into lovable old grandpa.  HBO are afraid to make real antagonists, they clearly are just playing it safe, they have a big money maker on their hands and not going to take any risks. They are cowards. The show might as well be on FX now.
3704	Ferrous	2012-06-08	Nah, they'll make him Avengers-Loki level stupid, makes a few threats but never does anything, sort of dopey. Just look whatthey did with Tywin making him into lovable old grandpa.  HBO are afraid to make real antagonists, they clearly are just playing it safe, they have a big money maker on their hands and not going to take any risks. They are cowards. The show might as well be on FX now.I reckon.Friends of mine who only watch the show, can't believe that Joffrey isn't a hero.
3705	mcb	2012-06-08	I reckon.Friends of mine who only watch the show, can't believe that Joffrey isn't a hero.Then I don't believe they watch the show. Come on, Joffrey doesn't have one scene where he doesn't act like a cunt.
3706	Jayaris	2012-06-08	2) On the other hand, the very final moments of his last scene rang utterly false. I suppose we're to take it that Dagmer and Lorren and the others had already planned to sell out Theon. But their cheering him? That's a bit too much. What's he going to do if they stare stonily at him, waiting for him to shut up? That's for the audience, and doesn't feel real and organic. I found it jarringly false.Don't really see what's so unfeasible about the scene, why would they stare stony faced - It's not like them have personal hatred towards him. If they cheer him he's lulled into a false sense of security, if they're all mean mugging him he's going to be more aware.It's obvious to me which is better.
3707	Mulled Wino	2012-06-08	so much drama!My prediction:ramsay will be cast for season 3 and he will be a larger than life TV villain.  He'll get more screen time than he gets book time and everyone will enjoy the shit out of watching him torture Theon.  They aren't going to leave that story arc hanging.. we will see this very early in the next season as a new plot element.non-readers are left with the mystery of which Northmen?  why burn WF?  and enough clues to put it together.  Roose mentions his bastard in the 'previously on' segment.  It's interesting that Robb is knowingly, in effect, handing Theon over to him.Ramsay is just too good to be squeezed into the last two episodes.  I guess they'll have to find some other way to incorporate 'Reek,' involving some tv-villain monologue.I agree with this completely.  I really hope you're wrong abiut the whore scene with Ramsey, lol.  Obviously i wouldnt put it past d&d.  I certainly understand your viewpoint, i just disagree that we needed ti see Ramsay this season.  And i loooove the boltons.
3708	Stenkarazine	2012-06-08	I was expecting that Bran would witness some ironborn on spikes while leaving Winterfell, but actually it would be a great way to start season 3 if Theon wakes up in some shady cell, with the faces of his crew in front of him and Ramsay around doing immediately some worse-than-joffrey stuff.
3709	WetHair	2012-06-09	How did the ironborn know that:
1.  They would be spared?
2.  Theon was wanted alive?
It seems obvious that Theon didn't know any of this or he would have commented on it in his really rather inspired speech.
3710	YTDN	2012-06-09	How did the ironborn know that:1.  They would be spared?2.  Theon was wanted alive?It seems obvious that Theon didn't know any of this or he would have commented on it in his really rather inspired speech.Probably while Theon was sulking in his room with Luwin, the Ironborn were being told by the soldiers outside.
3711	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	Well considering they've cast Ramsay for next season I think we can finally drop the Dagmer=Ramsay stuff.Amen. It was an absurd theory.  Dags was a born and raised Iron Born person.  So was the whole crew. In reality they were his Sister's men that she tossed him.   This is as Ludicrous as folks who still believe that Eddard warged himself into the birds before he was beheaded by Ser Ilyn Payne. I know we love conspiracy theories but sometimes the facts are the facts.
3712	morningxstar	2012-06-09	Thought it was an hilarious scene myself.
3713	ServantOnIce	2012-06-09	I was expecting that Bran would witness some ironborn on spikes while leaving Winterfell, but actually it would be a great way to start season 3 if Theon wakes up in some shady cell, with the faces of his crew in front of him and Ramsay around doing immediately some worse-than-joffrey stuff.http://asoiaf.wester...g?_r=1338895673 /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
					
					
							Edited by ServantOnIce, 09 June 2012 - 05:12 PM.
3714	RoamingRonin	2012-06-05	Perhaps I missed something but it just doesn't make sense that neither Xaro nor Pyat ever thought to capture Dany along with her dragons. Did they ever need her to begin with? If she was so helpless (also: useless) without her dragons, just kill her and claim the dragons. Why offer her an opportunity to get them back?And just what was Doreah needed for? Did Xaro just want her -- over Dany?
3715	Sel(l)mysword	2012-06-05	I believe in the show they have pyat pree claiming the dragons will grow stronger with dany's presence. as far as doreah, she was obsessed with dragons (1st season scene in tub with Viserys). Either way all of this is a part of the lost fumble in the game winning drive for this season's potentially redeeming comeback. All of this is erroneous relative to what THOTU was really supposed to mean. IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE FOR DANY NOT THE STORY!!!!
3716	Nebmai	2012-06-05	He made a deal with Pyat Pree; Pyat gave him the throne of Qarth Xaro gave Pyat Dany and the dragons.
Doreah was the traitor who helped get the dragons, probably was promised a queenship or some type of good life in return for her assistance.  Most likely as the group was assaulted Doreah killed Irri and made sure the dragons were secured and ready for thievery.
3717	Nebmai	2012-06-05	Remember if their plan had worked Dany and the dragons would of been trapped forever by Pyat.
Also Pyat said his magic was stronger because of the dragons, and the dragons were stronger because of Dany; he thought he would be strongest with Dany AND the dragons in captivity so he made his play.
					
					
							Edited by Nebmai, 05 June 2012 - 09:19 PM.
3718	Stanmore	2012-06-05	Dany's whole arc this Season has been awful.
Her book arc wasn't action packed, but at least we had character development as she dealt with the realities of politics, and there was a lot of foreshadowing in the house of the undying.
In the show we got plot points that went nowhere, false tension and endless â<U+0080><U+009C>blood, dragon, Rahhhâ<U+0080><U+009D>
People praise the show because it;'s so â<U+0080><U+009C>realisticâ<U+0080><U+009D> to steal her dragons; XXD had taken control of the city. He could have captured Dany and had her escorted to the house of the undying by 100 watchmen so his ally Pyat pree could  imprison her. Instead, he couldn't even be bothered to spare a single watchman to protect him or his house, and Dany and her tiny Khalasar were able to march in there, take him prisoner and lock him in his own vault. Pretty poor security for the guy who's just crowned himself in a coup...
3719	Nebmai	2012-06-06	Dany's whole arc this Season has been awful.Her book arc wasn't action packed, but at least we had character development as she dealt with the realities of politics, and there was a lot of foreshadowing in the house of the undying.In the show we got plot points that went nowhere, false tension and endless â<U+0080><U+009C>blood, dragon, Rahhhâ<U+0080><U+009D>People praise the show because it;'s so â<U+0080><U+009C>realisticâ<U+0080><U+009D> to steal her dragons; XXD had taken control of the city. He could have captured Dany and had her escorted to the house of the undying by 100 watchmen so his ally Pyat pree could  imprison her. Instead, he couldn't even be bothered to spare a single watchman to protect him or his house, and Dany and her tiny Khalasar were able to march in there, take him prisoner and lock him in his own vault. Pretty poor security for the guy who's just crowned himself in a coup...I think you got turned off the Dany arc early and tuned out on it. Character development?  Early in the season she was either throwing a tantrum or begging and didn't question people's motivations who seemed to help her.  End of season dragons ripped off empty vault that was just for show, in a plot that nearly cost her everything.Foreshadowing in the HoTU?  Iron Thrown hall destroyed and in a bilzzard, then she went beyond on The Wall and found the dead there.Were we watching the same show?P.S. Xaro was resting easy because he thought all his enemies were dead or captured.  They didn't just steal her dragons and kidnap her at the same time because they didn't know they would need to, they didn't think they needed her at all until Pyat realized the dragons would be stronger if she was imprisoned with them.
3720	Sword in the Morning	2012-06-06	Remember if their plan had worked Dany and the dragons would of been trapped forever by Pyat.You know, I can't imagine he thought that through very well. Pyat intended to have dragons trapped in the House of the Undying, forever? You mean, he planned on letting them grow to full size inside that building, without having a means of defending himself from them? I mean, they killed him as hatchlings! What did he expect to do with them as adults?Does he know that keeping them indoors stunts their growth and leads to an early death? What kind of warlock, with the visionary power of the undying at his disposal, who has apparently determined the link between magic and dragons, doesn't know that? It's common friggin' knowledge for people who remember anything about dragons. It's not even that far out of living memory!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Goldenhand the Just, 06 June 2012 - 01:43 AM.
3721	sennahoj	2012-06-06	I liked Dany's arc on the show, especially the finale, but I am still puzzled by Xaro. How can he believe to rule in Qarth in anything but name only, when he arranges for three dragons to get into Pyat Pree's hands? Now, I thought Xaro was smart, and it strikes me as very naive to think that Pyat would honour their alliance when he has weapons of mass destruction and increased magical abilities at his disposal.
Therefore, one could argue, Xaro wanted the dragons for himself eventually, after letting them grow in the House of the Undying. Doreah, who has a connection to the dragons on the show, would still be useful then, and Dany would of course join forces with Xaro once he frees her and her dragons from Pyat's clutches. Then Xaro would have two wives and three dragons to boot, and rule Qarth and everything around.
That might not sound too smart to the objective observer, but as the endgame of a very ambitious man with delusions of greatness, not too far-fetched.
3722	kephv	2012-06-06	I think I vaguely remember Ducksauce telling a story about how he came from nothing and then gained a few gold pieces by whoring himself to dock workers who then made him rich and gave him a ridiculous name.I believe his endgame, since he came from nothing, was to one day have everything, like he had at the beginning of the season -- only he really didn't, obviously, because it's all just an illusion, the secret of which he can't give away without the Alliance frowning on him. So, I believe he then set out to actually have everything, for real this time -- only he forgot to fill up his vault once he took the city, so his guards left him when he ran out of fake gold to give them, allowing Dany and her remaining four elder Dothraki to infiltrate his palace and steal what little real gold he had left. Does that make sense? Probably not but the writers didn't do a much better job of trying, so why should I?
3723	sennahoj	2012-06-06	I wonder whether the imprisonment in the vault will be the end of Xaro on the show or whether he will return later as in the books. Personally, I don't think he will.
3724	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-06	Weren't Dany and her khalasaar staying at XXD's? So breaking in would not be a problem as they're already there...As for the guards: when the dragons were stolen I didn't see bodies of any armed guards (I might be wrong however), only dead servants and dothrakis. And when Pyat Pree killed the thirteen there weren't any guards there right? I didn't see any guards during the feast earlier in the season either. Maybe Qarth up til now was so civilized that personal guards were unnecessary. My two cents.Still, if I was the newly selfproclaimed King of Qarth, I would have hired some guards to have around me, even if I was a huge black man with hands like hams.Then there is the possibility that Dany took XXD's manse by force, even though we didn't see that particular scene. IMO, this is the most possible answer, because it's the show's signum not to show us most of the awesome battles /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3725	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2012-06-06	I liked Dany's arc on the show, especially the finale, but I am still puzzled by Xaro. How can he believe to rule in Qarth in anything but name only, when he arranges for three dragons to get into Pyat Pree's hands? Now, I thought Xaro was smart, and it strikes me as very naive to think that Pyat would honour their alliance when he has weapons of mass destruction and increased magical abilities at his disposal.Therefore, one could argue, Xaro wanted the dragons for himself eventually, after letting them grow in the House of the Undying. Doreah, who has a connection to the dragons on the show, would still be useful then, and Dany would of course join forces with Xaro once he frees her and her dragons from Pyat's clutches. Then Xaro would have two wives and three dragons to boot, and rule Qarth and everything around.That might not sound too smart to the objective observer, but as the endgame of a very ambitious man with delusions of greatness, not too far-fetched.Yeah, that does seem careless of him. He does at one point mention skepticism of magic, so it would make sense if he remained not intimidated by the warlocks... but thats hard to justify with the killing of the 13.I guess he didn't have much choice, to get what he wanted he had to deal with Pree. He was kinda forced into this relationship.
3726	Greywolf2375	2012-06-06	You know, I can't imagine he thought that through very well. Pyat intended to have dragons trapped in the House of the Undying, forever? You mean, he planned on letting them grow to full size inside that building, without having a means of defending himself from them? I mean, they killed him as hatchlings! What did he expect to do with them as adults?Does he know that keeping them indoors stunts their growth and leads to an early death? What kind of warlock, with the visionary power of the undying at his disposal, who has apparently determined the link between magic and dragons, doesn't know that? It's common friggin' knowledge for people who remember anything about dragons. It's not even that far out of living memory![/left]yes and no.  I agree with you, but I am hoping that the way that would have been dealt with is that the room they are in - and the building - obviously was not in KL...nor in the North.  So through his warlock-y powers of replication he can make the room the size it needs to be to fit them.That or a "don't think about that because it didn't happen that way so we don't need a plausible reasoning".YMMV.
3727	Reposado	2012-06-06	P.S. Xaro was resting easy because he thought all his enemies were dead or captured.  They didn't just steal her dragons and kidnap her at the same time because they didn't know they would need to, they didn't think they needed her at all until Pyat realized the dragons would be stronger if she was imprisoned with them.I don't care how many enemies are believed to be kicking around, noone is storming the red keep with ten men.   silently.he just killed eleven powerful men. no one was going to step up in those organizations and take control? everyone just meekly agrees that xaro is king now? there is no king of qarth. just killing a few traders and proclaiming it doesn't mean anyone is going to listen. especially when you have no arms.power resides when men believe it does. when xaro starts going on about being king in the streets of qarth the common reaction would be to roll your eyes "ok buddy, i'm the high septon"
3728	sennahoj	2012-06-06	I don't care how many enemies are believed to be kicking around, noone is storming the red keep with ten men.   silently.if 20 Ironmen can storm Winterfell, 10 Dothraki can storm Xaro's mansion.
3729	Reposado	2012-06-06	if 20 Ironmen can storm Winterfell, 10 Dothraki can storm Xaro's mansion.that was at least explained. most of the north's men were at war, the rest were tricked into leaving.
3730	Greywater Reed	2012-06-06	You can account the lack of guards to hubris, easily.
3731	TheEvilKing	2012-06-06	What was Xaro's endgame?To bang Doreah.And he succeeded mightily.
3732	Stanmore	2012-06-06	I think you got turned off the Dany arc early and tuned out on it.Character development?  Early in the season she was either throwing a tantrum or begging and didn't question people's motivations who seemed to help her.  End of season dragons ripped off empty vault that was just for show, in a plot that nearly cost her everything.Foreshadowing in the HoTU?  Iron Thrown hall destroyed and in a bilzzard, then she went beyond on The Wall and found the dead there.Were we watching the same show?P.S. Xaro was resting easy because he thought all his enemies were dead or captured.  They didn't just steal her dragons and kidnap her at the same time because they didn't know they would need to, they didn't think they needed her at all until Pyat realized the dragons would be stronger if she was imprisoned with them.She whined and bitched at the start of the season, and she whined and bitched at the end. Her character went nowhere. A single scene of the red keep covered in snow hardly told us anything new. The Starks have been warning us that "winter is coming" from day one. This just rammed it down our throats without any degree of subtlety. The scene with Drogo was just fanservice for the Jason Momoa fans and the short time she spent at the wall was devoid of any symbolic imagery whatsoever. Compare that the the wealth of visions and prophecies we get in the book. It's pathetic.In regards to Xaro; any man who stages a coup and then takes no steps to secure his own safety  deserves everything he gets.  You can't suddenly set yourself up as king and not expect any sort of backlash. There's always going to be someone ready to seize power for themselves.
3733	RoamingRonin	2012-06-06	He made a deal with Pyat Pree; Pyat gave him the throne of Qarth Xaro gave Pyat Dany and the dragons.Doreah was the traitor who helped get the dragons, probably was promised a queenship or some type of good life in return for her assistance.  Most likely as the group was assaulted Doreah killed Irri and made sure the dragons were secured and ready for thievery.I can't imagine Doreah having had a part in the coupe. Wasn't Dany staying on property he owned? Why would he need Doreah to do anything?She whined and bitched at the start of the season, and she whined and bitched at the end. Her character went nowhere.A single scene of the red keep covered in snow hardly told us anything new. The Starks have been warning us that "winter is coming" from day one. This just rammed it down our throats without any degree of subtlety. The scene with Drogo was just fanservice for the Jason Momoa fans and the short time she spent at the wall was devoid of any symbolic imagery whatsoever. Compare that the the wealth of visions and prophecies we get in the book. It's pathetic.In regards to Xaro; any man who stages a coup and then takes no steps to secure his own safety  deserves everything he gets.  You can't suddenly set yourself up as king and not expect any sort of backlash. There's always going to be someone ready to seize power for themselves.Exactly my point! It's like he planned everything right up to claiming the title of King and then dropped the ball. I'm surprised Dany was the first to get to him. The whole coupe just makes Qarth seem like it wasn't that great of a city after all. Maybe that was the point... but that doesn't make sense either. It was definitely a place of wealth and power.
					
					
							Edited by RoamingRonin, 06 June 2012 - 10:04 PM.
3734	Hear Us Roar	2012-06-06	Pyatt Pree gets the dragons, dany and magic amplified, Xaro becomes King, Dorreah gets money/status etc.
3735	Harrad	2012-06-06	The whole coupe just makes Qarth seem like it wasn't that great of a city after all. Maybe that was the point... but that doesn't make sense either. It was definitely a place of wealth and power.It was a place of faded glory. The whole shebang added up to one ship...a small one.
3736	from the arbor	2012-06-06	Xaro put his faith in security on Pyat. Pyat killed for him once and now had dragons and powerful magic. He figured no one would touch him fearing Pyat and his growing powers.
					
					
							Edited by from the arbor, 06 June 2012 - 11:41 PM.
3737	Morrigan	2012-06-07	They sent an army of Jaime Lannisters who slaughtered all of the Dothraki warriors guarding Dany's dragons but when she comes back for him he has no guards...? I guess they all ran away at the sight of the dragon hatchlings, but it all looked very silly...
3738	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	I guess he wanted to get those dragons to pay off his credit cards.
3739	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	Pyatt Pree gets the dragons, dany and magic amplified, Xaro becomes King, Dorreah gets money/status etc.He already killed the competition.
3740	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	Dany's whole arc this Season has been awful.Her book arc wasn't action packed, but at least we had character development as she dealt with the realities of politics, and there was a lot of foreshadowing in the house of the undying.In the show we got plot points that went nowhere, false tension and endless â<U+0080><U+009C>blood, dragon, Rahhhâ<U+0080><U+009D>People praise the show because it;'s so â<U+0080><U+009C>realisticâ<U+0080><U+009D> to steal her dragons; XXD had taken control of the city. He could have captured Dany and had her escorted to the house of the undying by 100 watchmen so his ally Pyat pree could  imprison her. Instead, he couldn't even be bothered to spare a single watchman to protect him or his house, and Dany and her tiny Khalasar were able to march in there, take him prisoner and lock him in his own vault. Pretty poor security for the guy who's just crowned himself in a coup...I don't criticize HBO for alot, but this storyline was just horrible.   And to think, they killed off Irri to get us on this track?!!  What a waste of a season.  They may as well have saved their money and told Emilia Clarke to take the season off.  They really made her look bad this season by having her go off on one note for the last half of the season.  Alot of fans have been dumping on her this season, but most critics adored her performance in season 1.  The difference was the material, to me, not the actress.
3741	Dolorous Nick	2012-06-08	I think I might be in the minority here, but I actually enjoyed Dany's story arc in the TV series far more than in the books.  She is betrayed (by Doreah), learns about the harsh realities of politics in being used as a pawn in the Xaro/Pyat coup, grieves for her dead khalasar members, and discovers that she can command her dragons to burn her enemies on command.  I will admit that I found it a little strange how easily Xaro was captured in the end; one would think somebody as cunning as him would have his own kingsguard of sorts.  They laid the "fire and blood" stuff on a little thick...that line is effective once or twice, but starts to grate on you when it's overused.  ("You know nothing Jon Snow"comes to mind from the novels)
3742	Dolorous Nick	2012-06-08	Xaro's endgame was to rule Qarth; I think once he realized Dany had no interest in marrying him, he figured he'd use her to gain an ally in Pyat Pree.  I liked how, in the end, the vault contained absolutely nothing.  That perfectly illustrated Varys' fantastic speech about how power is really all a trick, an illusion, a shadow on the wall.
3743	Khal-a-bunga	2012-06-08	I took my post from another thread to copy here, as it feels semi-relevant to the discussion:I must not have had the same problem with the Qarth storyline as many here did, because I found it to be much more satisfying than her stay there in the novels. In the Red Waste the audience sees that Dany isn't suddenly going from powerless to all-powerful simply by the virtue of having dragons at her disposal. Her people are dying and suffering, she loses Silver, and she has only Jorah to truly rely on and carry her through.When she comes to the gates of Qarth and meets with the Thirteen she is denied entry because she's unwilling to use her dragons (her children, as Dany sees it) as a bargaining chip. Xaro then invokes "sumai" to grant her and her Dothraki followers access into the city, despite the fact that the other members of the Thirteen don't feel the same. Next we see her with Irri (who firmly establishes that Dany is a khaleesi and not a princess) and Doreah in her chambers. The foreshadowing of "dracarys" also happens in this scene, as well as the set-up for Doreah's betrayal ("He loves you."; "Men like to talk about other men... When they're happy.")At the party thrown in Dany's honor, Pyat Pree mentions that Dany should come to the House of the Undying. Jorah then meets Quaithe who warns him of the dangers that Dany faces in the city as a result of her being the mother of dragons, and Xaro begins to sow seeds of discontent between Dany and Jorah after discounting Pyat Pree as a sham.This is also where the vault is introduced, and Xaro's insistence that "power resides where men believe it resides" begins. Xaro, somewhat like Dany, came to this city with nothing and has established himself through sheer force of will. At the gates of Qarth, and during her meeting with the Spice King, Dany vows to take what is rightfully her own through virtue of her family history and her dragons. She says these things with conviction, but also with no true understanding of what it means to wield such power.Just as the Spice King and the rest of the Thirteen doubted Pyat Pree and Xaro (due to his upbringing), Xaro and Pree doubt Dany. The difference being, unlike Xaro's empty vault, Dany does have a true power hidden inside of her. That Pree monologues about her dragons strengthening his power, then tells her that her own power makes the dragons (ergo, the source of his and the other Warlock's powers) stronger is ultimately his own undoing, which seems less anti-climactic to me and more intentionally ironic.When all is said and done, Dany shows her true strength by ignoring the false visions of power shown to her in the House of the Undying (the throne representing her future and Drogo representing what was) and embracing her role as a mother of dragons. Her remaining Dothraki loot Xaro's own "baubles and trinkets" (mirroring the scene where she forbid Kavarro from doing so) to purchase a small ship and go on to the next leg of their journey.Doreah and Xaro are locked in his empty vault, and the lesson that Dany learns isn't 'Don't trust rich people that want to marry you.', but rather that real power can and does exist inside of her if she can believe in herself and those around her whom she trusts.There are plenty of other things that tie this all together, and I barely touched upon how Dany's relationship with Jorah is challenged (which will give further weight to the relationship between the two in the future). My point is that this storyline isn't something that was thrown together haphazardly. Points about the common people of Qarth have no real relevance because this isn't a story about that city but about Dany's journey. Why is it so hard to simply assume that Qarth is feeling the effects of what has happened? And Dany not being able to get to Xaro because of his guards? Uh, dragons... Do you think anyone would stand in her way? Would you?Not everything needs to be spelled out explicitly, and as it pertains to Dany's growth as a character I feel that the Qarth storyline succeeded admirably. I'm not interjecting anything from the books into this assessment, I'm simply using what was presented in the show. I have no problems with people disliking the execution of these things, but to say that the whole plot was a mess of contradictions and inconsistencies is patently false.
3744	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	And once again, I will start this out with crediting CrypticWeirwood for the idea behind this thread. I will give fair warning that If I don't hear from him/her by next year, I will completely abscond the idea and claim it as my own to gain all the vanity of the brilliance of its creation.This is a hard one, as I believe that there is much to scoff, but lets leave that to the other threads and lift our glasses and say a toast to all of the things we enjoyed about this episode. so... without further ado...Here's to...Crew and shot shout outsDragons, Direwolves, White Walkers, and Weights who by the magic of film have become real.Horse shit - You think it is hard to get a horse to run on command, try this. One of two things happened in real life here. Either a cameraman sat with a focused shot below a horses ass waiting on the poo to fall, or one lucky grip had the distinct pleasure of carrying around fresh dung and then dropping it just out of sight of the camera while placing himself right above a horses ass. Either way, that shot was above and beyond the call of duty.The Wierwood tree - I don't know exactly how this location was made, and I am kind of spoiled from seeing it so much from the first season, but if I were to ever build a dream home, I would want that setting as my backdrop.Cast by character nameTyrion and Shae - I wept reading about the end of you as  I knew that Tyrion loved her. How much more will I weep now the story is that there was a time that she loved him back.Varrys - There is not a single second that you are on screen that you do not command my full attention.Joffrey - You are an impeccable little shit. You are perfect in your flawsRos - "Momma (and some book readers) says she the devil, but I like her... and I've seen her boobies and I like dem too"				This line was stolen from WaterboyTheon - You have made it possible to understand the misunderstood. A battle Cry for the ages, or 30 seconds give or take.Luwin - I can still believe that you are not deadDaneraes - Will you give up the Iron Throne to defend your children?Drogo - How did you do it? How did you make me feel anything while wearing heavy eyeliner and cussing in a completely made up language while holding a baby with a toupee? I'm not sure, but I was touched anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 01:01 PM.
3745	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	I liked:
-Tywins horse shit
-Sansa smile
-Bran Rickon and Luwin in the godswood
-Jaquen changing his face
short list this time
3746	Chelly	2012-06-04	Here's to:
Sansa's little smile
Theon's rage at the hornblower
Alfie Allen's acting and his ability to bring Theon to life while adding even more layers to a beloved character of mine.
Maester Luwin counseling Theon with some very wise advice
Dany getting back in the game and her season one badass self resurfacing again
Jaqen and Arya's goodbye
Natalie Dormer as Margaery and she makes a character I care not for in the books more interesting to me
Finally we are seeing what Tyrion thinks he sees in Shae
Ending the season with 3 horn blast
 /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
3747	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	I did not like the fact that Brienne killed her fellow Rainbow guards in the shadow baby episode, because I thought it took away her moral highground in her face-off with Jaime.  But since HBO has decided to make her more badass than ever, I liked her scene as Kingsguard ruthless killer, showing Jaime Lannister that she can kill when needed just as gruesomely as he can.  Two died quickly, indeed.
And I've said this already in other threads, but as disappointing as the HotU scene was, I loved the snow falling down on and obliterating the throne room.
3748	FantA´me	2012-06-04	Maester Luwin's death made me cry.Can't think of anything else.
3749	teemo	2012-06-04	I liked how Tywin's horse shit on the floor.  
Umm.....snow is pretty?
3750	Kittykatknits	2012-06-04	-I loved seeing Sansa smile. She completely deserved that moment.
- Every moment with Theon was great from his frustration over the horn to his conversation with Luwin. I've been most impressed with Theon's story adaption this season.
- The scene with Osha, Bran, Luwin, and Rickon was heartbreaking to watch. Really well done. I was hoping they would keep him alive for awhile if the Reeds were never cast.
3751	Black Unicorn	2012-06-04	Tyrion being so nice to Pod and thanking him for saving his life.
The WW pretty much ignoring Sam. This didn't bother me at all, I liked it. Mostly because the WW clearly know, Sam isn't going anywhere.
Theon did a great job with his final speech. These days "motivational battle speeches" are in every work of fantasy (just saw Snow White and UGH worst battle speech ever). For a young guy who never got recognition and pretty much spent most of his time getting it on with whatever girl would hold still long enough, I think his was spot on.
3752	FantA´me	2012-06-04	Oh I forgot: Yes, I loved Theon too. Alfie Allen is just amazing.
3753	Javi Marcos	2012-06-04	Joffrey
Tywin
Arya & Jaquen
Brienne & Jaime
Dant post HoU (Xaro & Doreah, sacking Qarth)
Theon Greyjoy: he needs an Emmy
Luwin and the weirwood
White Walkers
3754	The Flaying Man	2012-06-04	All of the above, plus something small but ingenious which I haven't seen mentioned anywhere yet; Arya begrudgingly admitting to Jaqen that she'll have to find Sansa. Her facial expression was just perfect, and the way she closed her eyes and winced afterwards too! Bravo, Maisie Williams.....or should I say Braavos, Mais....no, let's just leave it at Bravo.
3755	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Tyrion's scar given that it is as good as can be expected for TV.
3756	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2012-06-04	I loved quite a bit, actually.
The Tyrion-Shae scene was touching.  Cool to see Varys still trying to recruit Tyrion for Dany (Shae's: we should go to Pentos, line).  Also might make her final fate all the more tragic, because if she is in league with Varys, then perhaps she hadn't betrayed Tyrion at all.  Perhaps she knew Varys was going to free him but he needed her to spy on Tywin for him.
The entire court scene from Tywin's horse to Sansa's barely contained expression of joy to Littlefinger's creepiness.
Luwin giving counsel to Theon.  That entire scene was pure brilliance, from the writing to the acting to the direction.  Wonderfull.
Luwin saying goodbye to Bran et al.
I liked Brienne's quick work of the Stark soldiers, and the tag-line jab at the one soldier's abuse of the women.
The HOTU scenes were beautiful and magical.
The White Walkers were impressive and intimidating.
Valar Morghulis!
3757	Silverx2	2012-06-04	Loved this episode. "about time i thought he'd never shut up" "it was a good speech i didnt want to interupt" Excellent snappy dialog, Touching moments(drogo) the massive undead army, the silent look between halfhand and jon before the final words.
Just an incredible episode all around. season 3 is going to be even better.
3758	Chelly	2012-06-04	I want to join in with the Brienne love as well. I already liked her from the books, but it was a new experience to see her in action kicking ass.
Also, Shaggydog and Summer were beautiful and regal, so kudos to whoever is responsible for the direwolves.
3759	So1ar	2012-06-04	Stannis doing something we've all wanted to do at some point. You could tell he was thinking "Is Stannis Baratheon gonna have to choke a bitch?"
3760	Buckwheat	2012-06-04	I liked the conversation between Theon and Luwin, and the whole part with Brandon, Rickon, Hodor, Osha and Luwin. Also, Sansa smiling and then being so scared after LF surprised her - a very good actress.
3761	Chelly	2012-06-04	Stannis doing something we've all wanted to do at some point. You could tell he was thinking "Is Stannis Baratheon gonna have to choke a bitch?"You have no idea. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />This reminds me, I particularly am glad that Stannis is showing some remorse for Renly.
3762	Buckwheat	2012-06-04	Oh, why is everybody so impressed with the fact that Tywin's horse did what he did in front of the throne room, apart from it being from the books (though that might be enogh, really)? It is just a silly joke, I think.
3763	unRobert	2012-06-04	cheers for Alfie! Great season, great character, and the actor pulled it off...
3764	Dracarya	2012-06-04	Tyrion and Shae's scene made me cry, if only because of Dinklage the legend."You little shit" to Jon from Qhorin was classic.Luwin's death was horrible, I cried just as much as I did when I read it.While I have a lot of problems with this episode, I have to say that the majority of actors did fantastically with what they had to work with, and I think it is them that saved this episode, if only a little bit. Sophie Turner as Sansa was brilliant, Varys is a constantly immense character, Joffrey is played superbly, as are Cersei and Tyrion, and it was good to see a bit of Jaime, Brienne and Catelyn. So kudos to them all.
					
					
							Edited by ZbA3j Xray, 04 June 2012 - 07:03 PM.
							
								edited out removed content
3765	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-04	Oh, why is everybody so impressed with the fact that Tywin's horse did what he did in front of the throne room, apart from it being from the books (though that might be enogh, really)? It is just a silly joke, I think.Well, I think it is more than just a joke as it symbolizes the bulls**t that is coming out of everyone's mouths in the throne room.  I am glad they kept it in for that reason.Bran and Rickon meeting up with Luwin under the heart tree just before Luwin dies - I cried.  That was brilliant.  The scenes in Winterfell and Theon's story were the most compelling to me this season.Kudos to all the actors.  I think everyone was fantastic this season with whatever material they had to work with.  Luwin was a real standout this season, which is why I probably started crying at his death scene, as was Varys.
3766	Xray the Enforcer	2012-06-04	[mod] 1) Keep it civil. 2) Haters stay out of the thread, period. I've no patience for bullshit today, and people are gonna get banned if they can't exercise some common courtesy. 3) Don't flame. Use the report button. Thank you. [/mod]
3767	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-04	One thing that was an improvement in the second season was the increase of SCALE. They definitely upped the "epic factor" this time around. From the sweeping landscape shots of the Red Waste, Beyond the Wall, Harrenhal and King's Landing to the fantastic Battle of Blackwater...this season has managed to capture the expansive nature of the book series that the first season missed.
3768	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Tywins Horse - The one thing I wanted most from the novels so simple, so easy, so gross, but the meatphor speaks volumes.
Alfie Allen - "Do you know whats its like to be told you are lucky to be someones prisoner!" Anyone who used to yell or mock Theon whenever he came on screen had to have shut their mouths at that point. What a strong conversation between him and Luwin. I almost wish I hadn't read the books, because of the non-book readers who I was watching with. When Luwin told Theon to go to the Nights Watch every single one gasped and one even said "Oh my god if Theon goes to the Nights Watch he is my new favorite character!" Tyrion and Theon need to meet up at some point because after all the shit they go through id love to see alfie and peter do a scene again together. It would be the complete opposite of the first meeting in season 1.
Varys - Goddamn is that good casting. Just so mysterious and weirdly confident. Amazing.
Littlefinger - The same as Varys. These guys are amazing. Proof that you dont have to be as buff as Drogo to powerful.
Visual Effects -  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Wights, Dragons, Direwolfs, Castles...They can do it all. Amazing.
Edd, Grenn, and Sam - The comedy with them I always find hilarious. And they are in the thick of it. Three normal guys in a supernatural nightmare. I could watch an episode of just the three of them.
David and Dan - Great work. Haters will hate but they will keep making great televison and getting emmys of course.
GRRM - Of course I couldn't have even watched the show without this guy. I hope he enjoys it as much as I do. The telvesion show and books are seperate entertainment and two ways I can just loose myself in this world.
3769	TeamDanyArya	2012-06-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> You stole a lot of what I wanted to say!
Jon getting smacked by his own sword by Ygritte. I told my husband, I need to do that more.
House of the Undying - Better than in the books. I'm almost started crying when Drogo and the baby were in the tent but I laughed when Drogo told the Great Stallion to go fuck himself. And dragons rock!
Jaime and Brienne - I'm so looking forward to next season.
Sam - My sixth favorite POV character! I smile each time he's on screen. You go Sam the soon-to-be Slayer!
All the foreshadowing of not only what's to come in the next season, but the books as well. These chracters are just going to continue to grow and change. It'll be wonderful and heartbreaking to see.
Big thanks to HBO for putting this show on. Can't wait for April 2013!
3770	sennahoj	2012-06-04	There were so many great things about this episode. The throne room scene in King's Landing brought so much from book to screen and made it clear even more what a rehearsed show the whole affair was.
I liked the Theon/Luwin scene a lot. Really great chemistry there. I actually liked the fact that in the end the non-book-readers are left confused as to who burned Winterfell. Otherwise it would have taken a lot of the surprise at the Bolton's betrayal.
The Qarth scenes with the HotU and the sacking of Xaro's palace were well done. So glad to see all three dragons and to have them save Dany together. It was a terrific idea to use existing sets for Dany's visions and her moving from room to room. And Khal Drogo? That totally took me by surprise.
3771	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> You stole a lot of what I wanted to say!Jon getting smacked by his own sword by Ygritte. I told my husband, I need to do that more.House of the Undying - Better than in the books. I'm almost started crying when Drogo and the baby were in the tent but I laughed when Drogo told the Great Stallion to go fuck himself. And dragons rock!Jaime and Brienne - I'm so looking forward to next season.Sam - My sixth favorite POV character! I smile each time he's on screen. You go Sam the soon-to-be Slayer!All the foreshadowing of not only what's to come in the next season, but the books as well. These chracters are just going to continue to grow and change. It'll be wonderful and heartbreaking to see.Big thanks to HBO for putting this show on. Can't wait for April 2013!Yes Jamie and Brienne teaser was fantastic.And I agree with Sam I've read people who don't like his chapters and I don't understand it. He's smart always thinking and intresting. I also loved how of all the people to see that army its the biggest coward! My real question is how will he get out of there...dragon glass or will cold hands decide to make a early appearance...I hope the latter /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3772	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Really, cause this is nothing other than an example of EXTREMELY BAD WRITING. as I would like to see how the writers plan to explain how Sam survives that with his life. I guess they're bring all new meaning to Sam the slayer?Coldhands boom son.
3773	victim	2012-06-04	Really, cause this is nothing other than an example of EXTREMELY BAD WRITING. as I would like to see how the writers plan to explain how Sam survives that with his life. I guess they're bring all new meaning to Sam the slayer?How did Will survive in the pilot episode when he faced down with an Other? He cowered and fell to his knees in submission. Pretty interesting if you ask me.
3774	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	How did Will survive in the pilot episode when he faced down with an Other? He cowered and fell to his knees in submission. Pretty interesting if you ask me.Wow never thought of that! Bend the knee and they will let you be.
3775	Gaius Martell	2012-06-05	Alfie Allen has done an impeccable job with one of my favorite characters.  He's the MVP of the season in my book.
3776	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	I said this in another thread....I think if they don't see you as a threat (ie: big craven) then they'll leave you alone. What could sad little Sam have possibly done to them in that moment? They saw him as so insignificant as to not even lift a finger against him. We book readers know that Sam ends up being the only character in the series thus far to actually kill an Other but, in this moment, he does seem pretty pathetic and harmless.
3777	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-05	While I have a lot of problems with this episode, I have to say that the majority of actors did fantastically with what they had to work with, and I think it is them that saved this episode, if only a little bit. Sophie Turner as Sansa was brilliant, Varys is a constantly immense character, Joffrey is played superbly, as are Cersei and Tyrion, and it was good to see a bit of Jaime, Brienne and Catelyn. So kudos to them all.Well said. The casting of these actors and actresses was superb across the board. I think it's in their amazing performances that keep all of us conflicted about the changes. Because while we may dislike the changes, the acting is always so amazing.I don't know who I want to win the Emmy for Supporting Actor more, Dinklage or Allen. They both have completely blown me away. And while I think Emilia Clarke is a phenomenal Daenerys, I think Maisie Williams takes the cake with her portrayal of Arya. She truly is an amazing actress and I hope she wins an Emmy.And my praise has barely scratched the surface of all the other amazing performances in this season. Varys, Sansa, Cersei, Joffrey, Littlefinger, Stannis, Davos, Melisandre, Jorah, Dolorous Edd, Sam, the Hound, Bronn. Just to name a few
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 05 June 2012 - 12:54 AM.
3778	Gaius Martell	2012-06-05	I don't know who I want to win the Emmy for Supporting Actor more, Dinklage or Allen.Is there are reason they can't get "Best Actor" or whatever, or is there a requirement of a certain amount of screentime?  I feel that a show like this has a lot of leads more than it has no leads.
3779	LordofWinter	2012-06-05	How did Will survive in the pilot episode when he faced down with an Other? He cowered and fell to his knees in submission. Pretty interesting if you ask me.The difference being that Will was facing ONE other, while Sam was surrounded by a horde. Where I could see Will running from one, I think even the World's biggest optimist would consider Sam as good as dead considering the situation.
3780	I'm_Tim	2012-06-05	I'd like to thank the adaptation for giving me some different insight than what I read. It's always good to get a different perspective. I always thought of Varys as a "bad guy." The show has made me think that he isn't. He's motivated by doing what he thinks is best for Westeros. I never read Theon as a sympathetic character, even as Reek. However, the show has made me realize that he's had an awful life. He's not excepted by anyone. He's Ironborn, so Balon doesn't give a shit. The Starks never treated him like a true son. He's lost. It's sad. He never wanted to be a "bad guy." He just wanted to be noticed. I never would have had these thoughts if it wasn't for the adaptation.
3781	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-05	Is there are reason they can't get "Best Actor" or whatever, or is there a requirement of a certain amount of screentime?  I feel that a show like this has a lot of leads more than it has no leads.I think they, as in HBO, submit all actors/actresses as supporting, to reinforce the idea that there is no "lead" actor or "main" character. Hence why Dinklage was nominated as Best Supporting Actor instead of Best Lead Actor.
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 05 June 2012 - 02:21 AM.
3782	Ghost Cat	2012-06-05	When the Other on the horse came up, I was sure it would be an early glimpse of Coldhands. I guess is wasn't but I absolutely LOVED what was on that horse. I've read a lot of complaints, but I thought it was fantastic. Cold and blue and incredibly scary. I always liked Sam, too. I felt sorry for him for being so obviously suited for the Maester's College & his father denying him that.
Kudos also to the wonderful personality Alfie has given to Theon. It makes me feel very sorry for what becomes of poor Reek. He's really done a wonderful job of making Theon a well rounded character with real insecurities. I, too, am liking Theon much more than  I had in the books.
3783	BlackTalon	2012-06-05	Varys - Goddamn is that good casting. Just so mysterious and weirdly confident. Amazing.Too true. Try doing a Google picture search for Conleth Hill ... in my wildest dreams I would not have detected Varys underneath that thick shock of grey hair and the bushy walrus mustache.
3784	Dracarya	2012-06-05	Well said. The casting of these actors and actresses was superb across the board. I think it's in their amazing performances that keep all of us conflicted about the changes. Because while we may dislike the changes, the acting is always so amazing.I don't know who I want to win the Emmy for Supporting Actor more, Dinklage or Allen. They both have completely blown me away. And while I think Emilia Clarke is a phenomenal Daenerys, I think Maisie Williams takes the cake with her portrayal of Arya. She truly is an amazing actress and I hope she wins an Emmy.And my praise has barely scratched the surface of all the other amazing performances in this season. Varys, Sansa, Cersei, Joffrey, Littlefinger, Stannis, Davos, Melisandre, Jorah, Dolorous Edd, Sam, the Hound, Bronn. Just to name a fewOh most definitely. Maisie is Arya, there's no question of that. Despite my dislike of the character, Sophie Turner is amazing as Sansa, same goes for Joffrey. I hope they pick up a lot of well-deserved awards. The vast majority of the cast are amazing; actually I can't think of anyone I don't think plays the part well, off the top of my head.
3785	StarkWard	2012-06-05	I think we have never needed this thread more than now. 
Loved..
-Sansa's secret smile - even I let out a breath of relief.
-Joffrey's "almost" sincere attempt to keep at his vows. 
-Theon's crazy eye roll at the hornblowing. Add Alfie Allen's broken voice during his Luwin exposition.
-"They want to fuck us!"
-Peter Dinklage's performance, as always. Although, I'm not a fan of Tyrion/Shae, his barely controlled sob poked my pericardium.
-Drogon's forehead rub with Dany while she was walking off
-Wildling aerial view - gave me chills.
3786	King Nothing	2012-06-05	Thought the season ended on a high note. Was not a perfect episode, but overall I like a lot about it. Must be tough having to wrap up and provide closure to every story line.
In this ep I loved:
-WW and wights: Thought they nailed it. Wights are the undead and should look as such. They are not freaking ninjas. WW looked different then I imagined, but still gave the same feel. Intelligent, swift and deadly.
-Jaqen: My favorite new character this season. Thought the actor was great, and they pulled off the face changing well. Showing it would have been too corny and possibly a wtf moment. This still got the point across as he had just mentioned the Faceless Men.
-Sansa: I have no problems with Littlefinger approaching Sansa with the idea to escape. Littlefinger is the one pulling all the strings anyway, so the only thing we will be missing is the reveal next season.
3787	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-06-05	I can't believe no one's mentioned the music yet.  It was phenomenal - particularly the huge, sweeping theme that played during Dany & Co's ransacking of XXD's estate, and the darkly epic march of the Wights.
3788	KingWolf	2012-06-05	I think Alfie Allen did a wonderfull job of playing Theon. I like show Theon much more then book Theon. He was more belivible and more easy to feel sorry for. They made his descion to betray Robb much harder for him to do then in the book where he does it without a second thought. I think next to Peter Dinlkage(who also did a great job) he should at least get nominated for an emmy.
3789	Chelly	2012-06-05	I can't believe no one's mentioned the music yet.  It was phenomenal - particularly the huge, sweeping theme that played during Dany & Co's ransacking of XXD's estate, and the darkly epic march of the Wights.Ahh, the music is getting overlooked. I'm not a Mel or R'hollor fan but I love that theme music that plays in the background. It was the song that played while she and Stannis were staring into the fire. Creepy, strange, and is very fitting for the character and atmosphere.
3790	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-05	Is there are reason they can't get "Best Actor" or whatever, or is there a requirement of a certain amount of screentime?  I feel that a show like this has a lot of leads more than it has no leads.Peter Dinklage became the first name in the opening credits this season, so I think he should be considered for Best Actor, rather than Best Supporting.
3791	KingWolf	2012-06-05	I love the Greyjoy music. It went so well with the scene where Theon burns his letter to Robb then gets blessed by the drowned god.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 05 June 2012 - 09:25 AM.
3792	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-06-05	Ahh, the music is getting overlooked. I'm not a Mel or R'hollor fan but I love that theme music that plays in the background. It was the song that played while she and Stannis were staring into the fire. Creepy, strange, and is very fitting for the character and atmosphere.I love the Greyjoy music. It went so well with the scene where Theon burns his letter to Robb then gets blessed by the drowned god.Those themes and their variations have been great all season, no question.  It's exciting to see (or rather, hear) what Ramin Djwadi can do when given adequate time to work.
3793	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	Peter Dinklage became the first name in the opening credits this season, so I think he should be considered for Best Actor, rather than Best Supporting.I quite agree with you, but Brian Cranston has held a stranglehold on that Emmy for his role in Breaking Bad for the last three years. We haven't seen his performance this year, but if it holds to par, I think it would be a tossup to who would have received the Emmy this year. Peter Dinkledge is an absolute lock for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama this year though.All of this is academic as the reels have already been turned into the nomination board by the networks. I am guessing that Dinkledge and Lena Heady will get a win this year, but Maise Williams, Alfie Allen, and possibly Conleth Hill may also be nominated.
3794	Elba the Intoner	2012-06-05	I can't believe no one's mentioned the music yet.  It was phenomenal - particularly the huge, sweeping theme that played during Dany & Co's ransacking of XXD's estate, and the darkly epic march of the Wights.Yes the music has been great!  Can't believe I didn't think of this before.  I am thinking of getting the soundtrack this time.
3795	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-05	I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand how the Emmy awards work. Remember how surprised everyone was when Sean Bean didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get nominated for Best Actor?
3796	Malgarroth	2012-06-05	This list is, unfortunately, a lot shorter than I would like.
The Other. Beautiful and terrifying all at once. Been dying to see one up close in the daylight. (Though don't they only come at night in the books?)
Tywin's horse.
Jaqen's face.
Sansa's smile.
Varys' expression when Ros grabbed his crotch.
3797	Davos55	2012-06-05	Theon and Luwin..amazing all season long.
3798	tolthar	2012-06-05	I liked the HOTU up until the tent, Thought the visions prior to that can indicate similar meanings to those we see in the book, certain book visions after all would be huge spoilers on TV. I also liked the entire winterfel arc. Leaves it open to interpretation for both book readers and non readers alike. The ending was great. I imagined the Others/White Walkers just like that. Did anyone else notice the magical armour that shimmered and changed colour?
3799	Autopath	2012-06-05	I won't restate many of the great moments and actors that have already been mentioned such as Theon/Luwin, Jaimie/Brienne, etc.
I want to mention the moment and the moment immediately following Jon Snow's slaying of Qorin Halfhand. Kit Harington has had a difficult character to play. Not all people in this world show their feelings on the outside or speak all of their thoughts aloud (Tyrion, Jaimie, etc.). Some people are stoic and quiet, like Jon, and that's not always easy.
But man, his face after he killed Qorin, it just looked like he'd damaged his soul, and then Ygritte's face when she saw Jon's face...she looked scared and worried.
That was some great acting right there. Good for you, Kit and Rose.
3800	Howdyphillip	2012-06-06	How did I fail to mention that we had another appearance of Hot Pie and Gendry this week? I love these guys...
Also Jaquen Haggar making a reference that the first sword of Bravos and a faceless man are very different things.
3801	Zod	2012-06-06	The House of the Undying scene was EPIC! I did not expect Khal Drogo to make a cameo appearance.
I think the changes were much suited for this show, as the book alternative would have been far too revealing.
3802	TeamDanyArya	2012-06-06	I won't restate many of the great moments and actors that have already been mentioned such as Theon/Luwin, Jaimie/Brienne, etc.I want to mention the moment and the moment immediately following Jon Snow's slaying of Qorin Halfhand. Kit Harington has had a difficult character to play. Not all people in this world show their feelings on the outside or speak all of their thoughts aloud (Tyrion, Jaimie, etc.). Some people are stoic and quiet, like Jon, and that's not always easy.But man, his face after he killed Qorin, it just looked like he'd damaged his soul, and then Ygritte's face when she saw Jon's face...she looked scared and worried.That was some great acting right there. Good for you, Kit and Rose.Yes! I totally forgot that, too. Considering how truncated they wrapped up Jon's storyline, I didn't catch that on the first watch. Like you mentioned, the more 'quiet' characters I think are much harder to translate onto the screen. Davos and Stannis come to mind in addition to Jon. I think it must be harder for an actor to pull a more introverted character and harder for a TV or movie writer to write it.
3803	Lady of Long Lake	2012-06-06	Mine is the same as Autopaths.
The Jon/Ygritte scene was SO moving.  He was so horrified and anguished and she stared into his face for a few seconds and said " Come along now, Jon Snow" in a tremulous  voice. His pain was causing her pain and it was beautifully portrayed. Really love both of those actors!
And I'm thankful for seeing Jaqen one last time. His face is so captivating and he looked so mystical. His speech patterns and accent were so interesting  to listen to.
3804	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-06-06	Varys' expression when Littlefinger was awarded Harrenhal.  If anyone could be said to "look daggers" at someone....
I still say the Other looked like something out of the Jim Henson workshop
3805	Dolorous Nick	2012-06-07	Tywin's grand entrance into the throne room, horse shit and all!  Seriously, who is going to tell Lord Tywin where his horse can relieve himself?  For somebody who admittedly hadn't read the books, Charles Dance seems to know Lord Tywin inside and out.
Stannis/Melisandre interaction.  Much like Robb/Jeyne(Talisa) and Renly/Margary, these characters largely interact "off screen" in the novels.  Therefore, it's up to the reader to fill in the blanks as to what went on behind the scenes.  This felt right to me.  Stannis clearly gets irritated with Melisandre several times in the books...I could see him choking her in a fit of anger, especially after the Blackwater debacle.
The White Walker looked awesome, distinct, and very unique.  With all of the sci-fi/fantasy movies out there, it must be difficult to design a creature that appears completely original.  The special effects team pulled it off...much better than the original design seen briefly in Season 1.  Still curious as to whether it actually saw Sam (sure looked like it did) and if so, why did it not kill him on the spot?  Some people are jumping all over this, but I say wait and see where the writers go with it first.
At this point, they could show Joffrey making a sandwich and I still would want to throw something at the screen when he appears.  Jack Gleeson just exudes nastiness in everything he says and does and is a completely irredeemable villain.  Whoever HBO casts as Ramsay is going to have some pretty big shoes to fill.
Maester Luwin's death was appropriately tragic...just the way Dagmer casually stabs him in the gut and then twists the spear got a wince out of me (and an "Oh no!" from my fiance, whose comments are generally along the lines of "Do they show the dragons in this one?")  Anybody else catch a muffled "Hodor" as Hodor gently leads Rickon and Bran away?
Pycelle's shit-eating grin during his entire scene with Tyrion was hilarious!  You could tell he savored every minute being the bearer of bad news.
HOTU was fantastic!  Pyat Pree(s) was such a creepy presence, a huge improvement over his book counterpart.  I think the writers made a correct choice in having Dany's story arc for the season end on a positive note.  I think Jorah actually cracked a smile as he was looting Xaro's palace.  Tyrion, Luwin, Bran, Rickon, Shae, and Jon Snow provided enough tear-jerking moments for one episode!
I thought the Season as a whole was pretty damn good, but the last two episodes were just great.
3806	HyacinthGirl	2012-06-08	Brienne and Jaime. These guys just stole the whole episode, I love NCW so bloody much. Win! So Brienne got a bit angsty - but it was still perfectly in character for her, because the trigger was cruelty to women/rape which is the exact kind of thing Brienne would not be down with.Sansa's little giggle - Sophie Turner has really upped her game this season. She's a fantastic little actress. And the whole throneroom scene was excellent.Tyrion and Shae -  what's this, I like Shae? The german actress is incredible and Dinklage is just... well, going down in TV history. I really like what the writers have done with their relationship, giving Shae more of a personality just makes the whole thing more convincing and it'll have much more impact.Arya & Jaqen - oh, Tom Wlaschiha, yours is a pretty face and will be missed. Also Maisie Williams continues to be outstanding.Theon, Bran - Luwin's death was just a real tearjerker and Alfie Allen just knocked it out of the park this season! Also, that wheelbarrow = good idea. I wish Luwin had mentioned that the Ironborn weren't the ones who burnt Winterfell or something, though.The Ending! Oh my goodness that was the ending I had hoped for and then some! asjdfkasfh;adioa. That is all.House of the Undying - ok, at first, I was like wtf?! Why would you change THIS? I want prophecies! BUT......then I thought about it a little, and seeing those things on screen would have been downright spoilerific. The trippiness that the scene had in the books probably wouldn't have come across well on screen, too. So yeah, I prefer it in the books, but that Throneroom bit was absolutely beautiful and it was awesome to see Khal Drogo again. If you think about it, the whole sequence was in keeping with the show's version of the Warlocks of Qarth so I don't really see the point in getting up in arms over it. It was a great piece of television.
3807	Poe	2012-06-05	The dragons are a wonderful bit of CGI but they dont appear to have grown at all since the start of the season. In the House of the undying i pictured the dragons as the size of a medium sized dog.... perhaps a little bigger. Anyone else feel they need to speed up the dragon growth to keep it up to the books?
3808	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	They def should have been a bit bigger is based on the books, however the inclusion of all 3 might have removed that necessity to make it believe that they could kill a man.
The dragons had been away from their mother for some time so I'm sure this could be a reason for the stunted growth.
3809	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	I thought they looked a little small, and I do hope they have them grow quickly. Drogon will need to be large enough for Dany to ride him come Dance, and I really can't wait for that scene.
I was a little disappointed in their coloring though. They looked neon and it made them look less realistic. I thought Drogon looked good, but Viserion especially didn't look cream and gold.
It's a small nitpick so I'm not too upset about it.
3810	sennahoj	2012-06-05	They should have been a bit bigger, but I guess it would be too expensive to have two sizes of dragons in one season. I expect them to grow in the next season before Meereen.
3811	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-06-05	I think they'll certainly grow next season, if for no other reason because it'll be much easier to CGI them flying around overhead than perching on Dany's shoulder.
3812	igoraki	2012-06-05	but I guess it would be too expensive to have two sizes of dragons in one season.Its actually quite easy to increase their size same way they did with wolf's,when merging cgi with live picture in post production,so it wasnt the budget problem.
3813	A Stark in Salem	2012-06-05	Well it's obvious that if they were bigger that they couldn't have been stolen, which would have made so much more sense right? What was wrong with how the story actually was written?! That she went in basically out of desperation having been turned down by everyone else in the city for help?So yes, I also thought they were ridiculously small by the end. She better start them on some extra growth promoting meat soon! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3814	Morvran	2012-06-05	I was surprised they were as small as they were, yes.
3815	BabyMeraxes	2012-06-05	I loved them, and I'm actully happy with Viserion's coloring. Everyone knows golds are the best.
3816	iheartseverus	2012-06-05	Thought I'd put a couple screencaps in this thread--behold, the stars of this thread!the children are happy to see mom:http://img.photobuck...onsdany1use.jpghttp://img.photobuck...onsdany2use.jpgthe children are listening attentively to mom:http://img.photobuck...onsdany3use.jpgthe children are pissed!http://img.photobuck...onsdany4use.jpg
3817	The Ragged Man	2012-06-05	I'm partial to Green Dragons myself. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3818	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	These are the best looking dragons that I have ever seen on film.
A close runner up was the dragon in Harry Potter 8...
3819	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	<snip>D'aaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwww!Just thinking, wasn't the first "dracarys" moment in the books the revolt in Astapor?/nitpicking
3820	nearthewoods	2012-06-05	Agree with HT that I am impressed with these dragons, even though they were small in this episode. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
The creature design is really well done, as is their movement and the detail of their bodies. I was afraid of what they would look like before we were introduced to them last season...sometimes creature designers don't seem to know how to pull off a convincing, intelligent body for these things. The only other dragons I can recall being on the screen I liked this much were in Harry Potter and Dragonheart.
-applause!-
My only gripe with the HotU scene is how easily Pree poofed into flames from the three little jets sent out by the wee hatclings.
3821	protar	2012-06-05	I was impressed with the CGI even if they could've been a bit bigger. Most of the CGI has been spectacular for a TV show. I do wish that they'd made them more distinct from each other though. They were basically just the same dragon but with different colouring. Just a personal preference as in my head they look very different to one another. In my head: Drogon has a sort of solid neck frill around his head and he's obviously a bit beefier than the others. Viserion has much smaller horns and an almost beak-like snout, Rhaegal's much more serpent like and has super long horns and a much more pointed snout. Obviously unrealistic of me to expect the D+D to read my minds though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by protar, 05 June 2012 - 04:04 PM.
3822	MaximumPatlickicus	2012-06-05	Is anyone else disappointed that they don't have color matched fire? Black and red for Drogon, green for Rhaegal and, gold for Viserion?
3823	sennahoj	2012-06-05	Is anyone else disappointed that they don't have color matched fire? Black and red for Drogon, green for Rhaegal and, gold for Viserion?I think after the green wildfire that would have been too much. From other fantasy movies most people would expect dragonfire to be just the usual shade of, well, fire, just coming out of a dragon's jaw. Black, red, green and gold fire would look a bit silly on screen IMO, at least next to one another. It would just look like fireworks all over again, and we already had that with the wildfire.
3824	smallfolktypeperson	2012-06-05	Perhaps once they get on a ship and start cleaning up all the rats and fishing, they'll start to grow more rapidly. I can't wait to see them larger, as I assume they will be next season.
3825	iheartseverus	2012-06-05	I think after the green wildfire that would have been too much. From other fantasy movies most people would expect dragonfire to be just the usual shade of, well, fire, just coming out of a dragon's jaw. Black, red, green and gold fire would look a bit silly on screen IMO, at least next to one another. It would just look like fireworks all over again, and we already had that with the wildfire.This.  Additionally, in this world, dragons are real, living breathing animals, who just happen to be able to breathe fire.  The fire itself is not magic, just really hot, really powerful--fire.
3826	iheartseverus	2012-06-05	Perhaps once they get on a ship and start cleaning up all the rats and fishing, they'll start to grow more rapidly. I can't wait to see them larger, as I assume they will be next season.And if I'm remembering the books accurately, the last dragons (before our 3 came along) kept getting smaller and smaller over the generations because they were kept confined.   They must be able to fly free and unrestrained before they can begin to attain enormous growth.  (Notice I refer to Drogon, Rhaegal and Vyserion as 'our 3.'  That's because I like to feel a part of whoever and whatever gets to actually have dragons.  I want a dragon.  At least one.)  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3827	It is known.	2012-06-05	I was impressed with the CGI even if they could've been a bit bigger. Most of the CGI has been spectacular for a TV show. I do wish that they'd made them more distinct from each other though. They were basically just the same dragon but with different colouring. Just a personal preference as in my head they look very different to one another. In my head: Drogon has a sort of solid neck frill around his head and he's obviously a bit beefier than the others. Viserion has much smaller horns and an almost beak-like snout, Rhaegal's much more serpent like and has super long horns and a much more pointed snout. Obviously unrealistic of me to expect the D+D to read my minds though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />That was my thought when looking at the pictures Iheartseverus posted, they're basically identical but with different colours.  Maybe as they get bigger they'll emphasise differences between them.I always envisioned Drogon as being the biggest, with quite a solid build (like Drogo).  Rhaegal in my mind was sort of similar to Drogon, but slimmer with a bit more slight and graceful build; and Viserion was very slender and quite 'snakey', I imagined him with a much narrower snout and a more delicate build  than the other two.  I suppose my ideas of how they looked was based on the men that they were named after, Drogo, Rhaegar and Viserys /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3828	iheartseverus	2012-06-05	I'd guess the reason they made all the dragons the same 'breed' was to avoid having to create 'personality' differences for different breeds--like the Harry Potter dragons had.  There was  Norweigian Ridgeback, Hungarian Horntail, Chinese Something and I can't remember if there were others.  Each had different characteristics and I think that for this show, there simply isn't time or space to develop all the characters' discussions and exposition that different breeds of dragons would entail.
3829	boojam	2012-06-05	I was surprised they were as small as they were, yes.In the book only Drogon went with Dany, and seems George did not give his size exactly but got the impression he was about twice a big as these, which would make him still small.I like Drogon blowing a steam smoke ring first, not sure about the book , it being a ring, but George made me laugh about the dragons learning by blowing steam.
3830	Impish	2012-06-05	I'm fairly confident the dragons being the same size (and conveniently absent for half the season...) were both cost-saving measures.
I suspect adding the whole theft storyline was deliberately done as a clever way to avoid showing them.
3831	boojam	2012-06-05	Have I missed something?
Why has, why didn't Dany give them their names? Seems to only call them 'my dragons'.
It seems implied she already has, but not once is one dragon name mentioned.
Not clear if there is dramatic narrative reason for this.
(Without checking, I am sure she (well George) has named them by this point in the story.)
3832	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	All I gotta say is the dragon CGI costs for the ADWD season is going to be INSANE.
3833	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-06-05	Have I missed something?Why has, why didn't Dany give them their names? Seems to only call them 'my dragons'.It seems implied she already has, but not once is one dragon name mentioned.Not clear if there is dramatic narrative reason for this.(Without checking, I am sure she (well George) has named them by this point in the story.)I might be mistaken but I believe she called Drogon by his name during the scene when she first discovers "dracarys" triggers their flame-on! power.
3834	Which Tyler	2012-06-06	Presumably the reason they look the same, bar colouring, is simple cost; cut, paste and re-colour would be much cheaper than 3 seperate designs.
However, with CGI, the size out to be really, really easy and cheap to increase as the season goes on - you use the zoom button; it's not like they'd need a complete redesign to show them slightly larger.
That would, however, get in the way of the dragon-theft - to a degree at least.
I can buy into the theory that they've spent a lot of time in cages and enclosed spaces; so wouldn't grow - but just seems like self-justification, rather than though out theory.
the dire wolves have the same problem - if anything, they look smaller at the end of the season than early on.
					
					
							Edited by Which Tyler, 06 June 2012 - 10:12 AM.
3835	iheartseverus	2012-06-06	I can buy into the theory that they've spent a lot of time in cages and enclosed spaces; so wouldn't grow - but just seems like self-justification, rather than though out theory.errrmmm, its not 'self-justification, rather than thought out theory.'  Jeebus.	  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />   Its book canon.  George R. R. Martin invented these dragons, their history, their etiology.  Their rate of  growth, or lack thereof, based upon whether they were allowed ro roam free or whether they were confined.  Note:  Dragons grow throughout their lives, but it is unknown how long they can live or how large they can grow. The largest and oldest Targaryen dragon, Balerion, lived about 200 years and could swallow a mammoth whole, but dragons raised in captivity are thought to be smaller than their wild brethren .The last dragon was a stunted, sick and misshapen thing, and died young during the reign of King Aegon III, the Dragonbane.[8] She had been a green female, small, stunted with withered wings. She laid a clutch of five eggs,[9] which never hatched.[10]It has been suggested by maesters that dragons were meant to be beneath the sky rather than cooped up in cages or cells in the Dragonpit, however massive.You better contact the author and tell him how wrong he is, that he hasn't 'thought it out.' Whereas, you have.
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 06 June 2012 - 10:20 PM.
3836	iheartseverus	2012-06-06	double post
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 06 June 2012 - 10:18 PM.
3837	Harrad	2012-06-07	The dragons grow at a rate to support the books (and HBO). They have to be little when Dany is still weak. They get middle-sized when she begins to amass power. And, I'm just guessing here, they get humongous when she contends for the Iron Throne.
3838	boojam	2012-06-07	the dire wolves have the same problem - if anything, they look smaller at the end of the season than early on.That was kind of odd, was it not?The last shot of them looked CGI to me, and yet as you say they looked smaller, and it's not a matter of perspective.Where is Ghost?
3839	boojam	2012-06-07	The dragons grow at a rate to support the books (and HBO). They have to be little when Dany is still weak. They get middle-sized when she begins to amass power. And, I'm just guessing here, they get humongous when she contends for the Iron Throne.Says Book Spoiler here.In ADwD Drogon gets big (not humongous) enough for Dany to ride.However Dany's quest for the Iron Throne is side tracked for some mark-time 'ruling' , which I am still trying to figure out.Seems, I remember , in the books, has nothing to do explicitly with Dany's powers, but the ability of the dragons to free range!(Which causes Dany a problem.)
3840	Harrad	2012-06-07	Says Book Spoiler here.In ADwD Drogon gets big (not humongous) enough for Dany to ride.However Dany's quest for the Iron Throne is side tracked for some mark-time 'ruling' , which I am still trying to figure out.Seems, I remember , in the books, has nothing to do explicitly with Dany's powers, but the ability of the dragons to free range!(Which causes Dany a problem.)The mark-time 'ruling' is so the dragons get even bigger. Taking over a couple of effete Eastern cities with mid-sized dragons is one thing. Taking down the contenders in Westeros, armies of knights, some with their own wildfire, is entirely different. Better to wait for the industrial strength dragons before going there.
3841	sennahoj	2012-06-07	The mark-time 'ruling' is so the dragons get even bigger. Taking over a couple of effete Eastern cities with mid-sized dragons is one thing. Taking down the contenders in Westeros, armies of knights, some with their own wildfire, is entirely different. Better to wait for the industrial strength dragons before going there.I sincerely hope that Dany visits Valyria before going to Westeros. Maybe going there will boost their growth, who knows.
3842	Harrad	2012-06-07	I sincerely hope that Dany visits Valyria before going to Westeros. Maybe going there will boost their growth, who knows.Does GRRM really want to re-institute a Targaryan monarchy? They were able to conquer the 7 Kingdoms 300 years ago with 3 grown dragons. Somehow I don't see that happening again. What will happen? I believe the magic beasts will cancel each other out and a democratically elected Nights-Watch-like government will be instituted, that will legislate sword control and legalize same-species marriage.
3843	sennahoj	2012-06-07	Does GRRM really want to re-institute a Targaryan monarchy? They were able to conquer the 7 Kingdoms 300 years ago with 3 grown dragons. Somehow I don't see that happening again. What will happen? I believe the magic beasts will cancel each other out and a democratically elected Nights-Watch-like government will be instituted, that will legislate sword control and legalize same-species marriage.If GRRM intends an endgame against the Others, I don't see how Dany's bonsai dragons are supposed to help, so therefore the dragons will need to grow some. I'm not saying they'll rival Balerion but I expect them to be considerably larger than they are at the end of ADWD. The size of Draco in Dragonheart seems about right to me.
3844	Harrad	2012-06-07	If GRRM intends an endgame against the Others, I don't see how Dany's bonsai dragons are supposed to help, so therefore the dragons will need to grow some. I'm not saying they'll rival Balerion but I expect them to be considerably larger than they are at the end of ADWD. The size of Draco in Dragonheart seems about right to me.I agree, they just wont be big enough for world domination, or they wont be used for that. Although as we know dragons dont kill kingdoms, people with dragons do.
3845	baxter	2012-06-07	I don't necessarily buy into the cage theory, remember, its hinted at now that the Maesters were killing off the dragons, they could have been stunting them in other ways.  Plus I dont know how these dragons do it, but they had a limited population pool as well, which means its possible they were inbreeding themselves smaller.
3846	boojam	2012-06-07	Does GRRM really want to re-institute a Targaryan monarchy? They were able to conquer the 7 Kingdoms 300 years ago with 3 grown dragons. Somehow I don't see that happening again. What will happen? I believe the magic beasts will cancel each other out and a democratically elected Nights-Watch-like government will be instituted, that will legislate sword control and legalize same-species marriage.By the end of ADwD all the dragons are 'free range', so they should get big as hell soon.Drogon is , impression I got, a lot bigger than a horse, maybe as big as an elephant, in a dragon sort of way that is!As for reconquest of Westeros, man! the 64,000 dollar question.As of right now the south is so war torn it's not worth a bucket of warm spit.The north is just about to go to hell! If the Others break through the wall, they are not enough NW, Wildings (and there's a lot of them) Stannis's ragged army , north men, to really stop them.I don't know where George is taking this.The between the lines plot , seems to be, just me,... yes Dany and the two other mysterious heads with the dragons will ride into help. Tho I suppose it's going to take than dragons to throw the Others back.So who the hell would even want a trashed out Westeros?!!I would just love it if Dany comes out on top , institutes a parliamentary democracy , stays on as a happy benevolent figurehead monarch!Banks, insurance salesmen... I would not put it past George!I would  for one be happy as a lark if this happened!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 June 2012 - 02:21 PM.
3847	FSBA	2012-06-07	I don't necessarily buy into the cage theory, remember, its hinted at now that the Maesters were killing off the dragons, they could have been stunting them in other ways.  Plus I dont know how these dragons do it, but they had a limited population pool as well, which means its possible they were inbreeding themselves smaller.If I remember right dragons have a weird asexual reproductive system where they can give birth on their own but the offspring wouldn't be a copy of the parent
3848	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	Well it's obvious that if they were bigger that they couldn't have been stolen, which would have made so much more sense right? What was wrong with how the story actually was written?! That she went in basically out of desperation having been turned down by everyone else in the city for help?So yes, I also thought they were ridiculously small by the end. She better start them on some extra growth promoting meat soon! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Whatever passes for Myoplex in Westeros.
3849	boojam	2012-06-07	Before E10 last Sunday , I had a 'make a wish moment', I was hoping for a surprise, just a small one.
Well we got Jason Momoa , I liked that!
But I was thinking ... well D and D spoke about it on that CNN special...and David J. Peterson has mentioned it.
I thought it would have been cool if Pyat Pree had of addressed Dany in High Valyrian, since she speaks it, she have given him an bashing in High Valyrian ..., because she then uses that one High Valyrian word we know now... just once in that scene.
Magic back in the world, you see....
Ah , so it goes.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 June 2012 - 08:09 PM.
3850	FSBA	2012-06-07	Before E10 last Sunday , I had a 'make a wish moment', I was hoping for a surprise, just a small one.Well we got Jason Momoa , I liked that!But I was thinking ... well D and D spoke about it on that CNN special...and David J. Peterson has mentioned it.I thought it would have been cool if Pyat Pree had of addressed Dany in High Valyrian, since she speaks it, she have given him an bashing in High Valyrian ..., because she then uses that one High Valyrian word we know now... just once in that scene.Magic back in the world, you see....Ah , so it goes.That would've been cool, but the Valyrian language is something that hasn't been talked about on the show either. Most people I've talked to think "Dracarys" is Dothraki
3851	The Sword of 11:28 am	2012-06-08	I agree with OP in that when i saw them in House of the Undying, my first thought was that they need to be bigger.
***SPOILER***
in SOS, they are big enough to fly from ship to ship. and the time frame doesnt match up because they get stuck at sea shortly after they leave Qarth, so the dragons either need to have some sort of explainable growth spurt, or they need to be able to fly at that current size, which i dont see.
so yes the dragons did seem unusually small for me, but as somebody mentioned, if they are much bigger the dragon-napping by the blue men becomes unbelievable because dragons the size of small dog may be able to defend themselves. of course they are trained not to fire off unless given the password. either way, one of my biggest gripes of season 1 was the lack of size of the direwolves, and in season 2 they corrected that very early on with an impressive display from Grey Wind.
3852	boojam	2012-06-08	That would've been cool, but the Valyrian language is something that hasn't been talked about on the show either. Most people I've talked to think "Dracarys" is DothrakiUnless someone knows otherwise, I have to agree. Now Valyria has been spoken of, Dany has told people she is Valyrian , twice (more than that?), even others have mentioned that she is Valyrian.We have heard the names of Targ monarchs , who were Valyrian, even Arya elaborates on Aegon I, correcting Tywin about Aegon's conquest, when he fails to mention sisters Visenya and Rhaenys and their dragons Vhagar and Meraxes , Valyrian words. Tho I don't remember this being specified as Valyrian words (actually High Valyrian).(By the by this was a detail about the Westeros conquest I thought would not be mentioned on the show.Nice surprise.)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 June 2012 - 06:24 AM.
3853	Gordon Freeman	2012-06-08	They aren't big enough, and I as well don't like the fact that they look exactly the same minus color.  For the dragons not to be an epic flop they will have to make them more distinct, in the books their differences were very apparent from the moment they started to grow.
I have a question, am I the onlt one that wasn't really all that impressed with the CGI?
I mean it looked good I guess, more like just alright though to me. I feel like the dragons have that shinny pop-off-the-screen-doesn't-look-real-or-like-it-should-be-there, sort of look going on. And to say it was the best CGI dragon/s you've ever seen is pretty erroneous, the Nazgul from LOTR, Harry Potter, Reign of Fire, just to name some off the top of my head that were better not equally as good.
3854	JoramunsKazoo	2012-06-08	Winter is coming, which means so is the "the Hobbit".  Hopefully they will borrow some CGI tricks used w/ Smaug.
3855	MaximumPatlickicus	2012-06-08	This.  Additionally, in this world, dragons are real, living breathing animals, who just happen to be able to breathe fire.  The fire itself is not magic, just really hot, really powerful--fire.There is a huge correlation between dragons and magic. Furthermore, the books clearly describe the dragon's flames as being colored. Not fully black/green/gold, in the way that the wildfire was entirely green but subtly streaked with each respective color. I can agree with sennahoj that full colored flames might look silly on screen, but not that dragon fire isn't magical.IIRC it was only mentioned in Dance, when Quentyn is getting roasted, and when drogon is in the fighting pit, so maybe only big dragons get colored flames.
					
					
							Edited by MaximumPatlickicus, 08 June 2012 - 01:56 PM.
3856	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	How come noone has ever mentioned the fact that Robb marrying Talisa would cause him to loose the Freys and their 4000-5000 soldiers? It seems like the sort of thing that Catelyn would say, or the Greatjon, the Blackfish or anyone really. Losing the Freys meant losing the war, at least it would be 1000 times harder to win it. Did the Freys in the TV-show not contribute any soldiers to Robbs army, or did Robb care more about his marriage than he did about winning the war? I donÂ´t understand it
In the books we never really get told what exactly happened when Robb married Jeyne. But in the tv-show, there seems to have been weeks/months of time where someone could have intervened in order to prevent the North and the Riverlands from losing the war because of Robbs love-interest.
3857	Maester Hodor	2012-06-06	Catelyn tells Robb in episode 10 that he shouldn't be reckless and he should stay true to his word and marry a Frey.
Robb responds by saying something like "My mother has no right to call anyone reckless"
					
					
							Edited by Maester Hodor, 06 June 2012 - 04:13 PM.
3858	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	But my point was that Robb wasnÂ´t being reckless, he was making a decision that would cause the North/Riverlands to loose the war. So why didnÂ´t Catelyn tell him this? Or anyone else for that matter, surely most of his lords must have realised what losing the Freys would mean for the war effort?
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 06 June 2012 - 04:15 PM.
3859	Studlymuffin	2012-06-06	Catelyn is the worst and can't make very good decisions.
3860	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	Catelyn is the worst and can't make very good decisions.Compared to Tv-Robb, sheÂ´s pretty much a Nobel prize winner in decision-making
3861	Maester Hodor	2012-06-06	But my point was that Robb wasnÂ´t being reckless, he was making a decision that would cause the North/Riverlands to loose the war.That is basically the definition of being reckless.So why didnÂ´t Catelyn tell him this? Or anyone else for that matter, surely most of his lords must have realised what losing the Freys would mean for the war effort?Catelyn does tell him he's making a mistake. Robb didn't care because his mother released the King Slayer. I have no idea why his other Lords didn't tell him the same thing. Maybe they did, and he just didn't listen to them either. You know those Starks, a stubborn group of people!
3862	Lord Over	2012-06-06	Catelyn is the worst and can't make very good decisions.Compared to Tv-Robb, sheÂ´s pretty much a Nobel prize winner in decision-makingSadly, both of these statements are correct. Catelyn keeps fucking up things left and right, yet somehow manages to come across as a rational thinker than Herp-derp Robb.Can't wait for the RW. I was impartial to Robb in the books but here, I straight out loathe him.
3863	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	That is basically the definition of being reckless.Catelyn does tell him he's making a mistake. Robb didn't care because his mother released the King Slayer. I have no idea why his other Lords didn't tell him the same thing. Maybe they did, and he just didn't listen to them either. You know those Starks, a stubborn group of people!The old saying "two wrongs donÂ´t make a right" comes to mindSo basically Robb was thinking: "Well, Mommy released the Kingslayer and that really pissed me off", "So to get back at her, IÂ´m gonna make damn sure we loose the entire war and that soldiers and commoners alike will suffer miserable deaths in the tens of thousands", "That will teach them whoÂ´s the boss"
3864	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	It's been a while, but I believe in Season 1, Catelyn specified that Frey would be sending his knights and soliders to fight as part of the deal (though I'm sure they didn't reveal the actual number of Freys being enlisted to help them, as the book does).  So yes, I think viewers must assume that he is running the danger of losing all the Frey men (though, again, perhaps their number is less substantial in the show than in the books).
This is just speculation, but because Robb is really just a kid, perhaps he believes he can somehow convince the Freys to stay loyal to him despite breaking the betrothal--a foolish assumption, but no more foolish than marrying Talisa in the first place
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 06 June 2012 - 05:03 PM.
3865	dtones520	2012-06-06	I don't really understand how show Robb's decision is any different or worse than book Robb's decision. Yeah, book Robb was upset about his brothers dying, but getting married is a pretty extreme decision. Book Robb marries Jeyne because he felt bad about taking Jeynes maidenhead and, i think, he thought or did live her. Show Robb marries Talisa because he falls in love with her after getting to know her. Robb still wasn't in a great mental state after finding out he was betrayed by someone he considered a brother and his home being conquered. 
So one gets married for love, the other gets married because he popped a girls cherry. Robb marrying Jeyne Westerling gained him nothing, they had like 100 soldiers. Both make stupid decisions, both cost them the Freys, both lead to the eventual loss of the War/Red Wedding. Why do people loathe show Robb so much compared to book Robb?
3866	dtones520	2012-06-06	The old saying "two wrongs donÂ´t make a right" comes to mindSo basically Robb was thinking: "Well, Mommy released the Kingslayer and that really pissed me off", "So to get back at her, IÂ´m gonna make damn sure we loose the entire war and that soldiers and commoners alike will suffer miserable deaths in the tens of thousands", "That will teach them whoÂ´s the boss"Robb didn't marry Talisa as an F U to Catelyn. He was talking to her about him marrying her, she was trying to talk him out of it makes a comment about him being reckless. Which pisses him off because Catelyn just made a huge reckless decision, so Robb ends the argument with him saying who are you to call me reckless? He was going to marry her either way, IMO.
3867	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	There's a difference in the degree of recklessness though. Robbs decision was pretty much guaranteed to cost the North/Riverlands the war. Cats certainly made things worse but it was nowhere near as bad, especially since it doesn't even seem to have lost them the Karstarks. 
But my main question was more about why noone told Robb that his marriage would cost him the war. And as I mentioned earlier, we don't know how the book wedding went down, but the tv-wedding has been weeks / months in the making. Why didn't anyone intervene? Or did Robb know that he would loose the Freys and the war but just didn't care?
3868	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	Catelyn is the worst and can't make very good decisions.Correction: Show Catelyn....
3869	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	From a literary standpoint, Book Robb is the classic tragic hero. Until he makes his tragic mistake of sleeping with Jeyne he acts perfectly, wins every battle, wins every diplomatic maneuver, leads a charmed life.  After his tragic mistake, his life collapses.  Edmure defeats Tywin at the Trident, Karstark kills the Lannisters, He has to kill Karstark leading to the RW.  And after his tragic mistake, all his decisions are wrought with perils to his  honor and his duty-father a bastard, dishonor a noble woman, punish a northerner for killing his enemy, a battle WON that cost him a larger victory-CLASSIC
Show Robb is simply not a classic tragic hero.  He is a dumbass doing dumb things.
That is the difference and that is why show Robb sucks compared to Book Robb.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 06 June 2012 - 06:01 PM.
3870	Dunnii	2012-06-06	There's a difference in the degree of recklessness though. Robbs decision was pretty much guaranteed to cost the North/Riverlands the war. Cats certainly made things worse but it was nowhere near as bad, especially since it doesn't even seem to have lost them the Karstarks.But my main question was more about why noone told Robb that his marriage would cost him the war. And as I mentioned earlier, we don't know how the book wedding went down, but the tv-wedding has been weeks / months in the making. Why didn't anyone intervene? Or did Robb know that he would loose the Freys and the war but just didn't care?why are you saying the tv-wedding was weeks / months in the making. I didn't get that impression at all. And I don't think his talking to someone necessarily led to a wedding. And further, the wedding was done at night with only two others there; this was obviously a rather secretive wedding.I don't get all the hate for Robb here. I thought TV Robb was pretty interesting and he is young and fell in love. Jeez.He is still a classic tragic hero. Nothing has changed. He makes a mistake for love and pays the ultimate price.
					
					
							Edited by Dunnii, 06 June 2012 - 06:05 PM.
3871	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	Why didn't anyone intervene?I think Joffrey said it best: the king can do as he likes.And his main advisor besides Catelyn lately seems to be Roose Bolton, so knowing his role in the story, he probably *wants* Robb to fail so he's not going to tell him to stop.
3872	sennahoj	2012-06-06	The problem with the Freys is that they have hardly featured in the show, it was only that one episode with the crossing of the Twins. They are only referred to in conversations, no mention of their contribution to the war effort, the fact that a Frey boy squires for Robb (or was that only the book now?) and one was meant to marry Arya. On top of that it has hardly been made clear where the Freys stand in the hierarchy of the Seven Kingdoms, that in fact they are bannermen to the Tullys, who have not been introduced as Robb's allies either. So how are viewers to know how the Freys will react to Robb marrying Jeyne Talisa. That is another issue as well. Had Robb actually married Jeyne Westerling, daughter of a Lannister bannerman, the Freys, being only bannermen and not a ruling house of any province either, might still have been able to stomach it, but this foreigner who has no credentials to her shoddy backstory? With that kind of setup the RW will come as no surprise to viewers at all, and that is kind of sad.
3873	Thunderfist	2012-06-06	why are you saying the tv-wedding was weeks / months in the making. I didn't get that impression at all. And I don't think his talking to someone necessarily led to a wedding. And further, the wedding was done at night with only two others there; this was obviously a rather secretive wedding.The actual wedding probably took place a few days after they had sex. But we've seen flirting, romantic strolls, repeated visits to the royal tent for what must have been at least weeks if not months. And what I find so hard to beleive is that during all this time, noone, not the Blackfish, not the Greatjon, not Galbart Glover, not Maege Mormont, nor Catelyn or any lord fromt the North or the Riverlands told Robb that: ' if we loose the Freys, we will most likely loose the entire war '
3874	Reposado	2012-06-06	The actual wedding probably took place a few days after they had sex. But we've seen flirting, romantic strolls, repeated visits to the royal tent for what must have been at least weeks if not months. And what I find so hard to beleive is that during all this time, noone, not the Blackfish, not the Greatjon, not Galbart Glover, not Maege Mormont, nor Catelyn or any lord fromt the North or the Riverlands told Robb that: ' if we loose the Freys, we will most likely loose the entire war 'and also, if you spend all your time on romantic strolls, we will lose the war
3875	David Selig	2012-06-06	Yeah, this has annoyed me too. Robb goes on and on about how he made a deal "for a bridge" and everybody ignores that he got a sizeable army too which he desperately needs now.
 I guess it's because the producers have decided to almost completely ignore the Riverlands role in the show this season. Watching the show this season Robb's army seem to be only Northerners.
 And it was never said straight out in the show, but it was implied Robb got around 4000 soldiers from the Freys. First there was a mention that the Freys were outnumbered 5:1 by Robb's army of 20,000 when he was considering what to do outside the Twins, then Cat mentioned that all but a few hundreds of those are joining Robb'as forces as part of the deal.
3876	Mulled Wino	2012-06-06	But my point was that Robb wasnÂ´t being reckless, he was making a decision that would cause the North/Riverlands to loose the war. So why didnÂ´t Catelyn tell him this? Or anyone else for that matter, surely most of his lords must have realised what losing the Freys would mean for the war effort?No one asked him how he was going to get back across the twins to retake the North.  Small detail.  No biggie
3877	Mulled Wino	2012-06-06	I don't really understand how show Robb's decision is any different or worse than book Robb's decision. Yeah, book Robb was upset about his brothers dying, but getting married is a pretty extreme decision. Book Robb marries Jeyne because he felt bad about taking Jeynes maidenhead and, i think, he thought or did live her. Show Robb marries Talisa because he falls in love with her after getting to know her. Robb still wasn't in a great mental state after finding out he was betrayed by someone he considered a brother and his home being conquered. So one gets married for love, the other gets married because he popped a girls cherry. Robb marrying Jeyne Westerling gained him nothing, they had like 100 soldiers. Both make stupid decisions, both cost them the Freys, both lead to the eventual loss of the War/Red Wedding. Why do people loathe show Robb so much compared to book Robb?Totally agree.  Its baffling.  talisa/jeyne is unjustifiable either way.
3878	AquariumDrinker	2012-06-06	So one gets married for love, the other gets married because he popped a girls cherry. Robb marrying Jeyne Westerling gained him nothing, they had like 100 soldiers. Both make stupid decisions, both cost them the Freys, both lead to the eventual loss of the War/Red Wedding. Why do people loathe show Robb so much compared to book Robb?The only thing I can figure is that seeing it happen on screen makes the stupidity of it stand out. Robb was dumb in the book and the series, The only difference I see is that in the series, he has less advisers to ignore.
3879	David Selig	2012-06-06	I don't like either Robb much, and I think marrying Jeyne was really stupid, but at least it was somewhat plausible. Jeyne was a minor noble, but still a noble from a well respected old noble family.  So marrying her wasn't completely outrageous. Such things happened in history, albeit quite rarely. But has there ever been a medieval king who married a foreigner who claims she's not a noble and is a camp follower in the most literal sense? I can't think of anyone.
3880	jarl the climber	2012-06-06	Actually Talisha claimed to be highborn Volantene from House Maegyr, in the books this House has a member in the triarchy that rules Volantis. Doran Martell, The Prince of Dorne is married to a highborn from Norvos and Aerys sent Robert Barratheons Father to Essos to see if he could find a good bride for Rhaegar so the idea of him marrying someone like that is not without precedence in Westeros.
3881	Howdyphillip	2012-06-06	Unless you want to consider Robb a sniveling idiot, which some of you may well do, then both the book and show decisions were made with the knowledge that he would lose the Freys and have a lot of trouble winning the war.
As for why we didn't see a scene where Catelyn holds his hand like he was a blubbering fool who couldn't do basic math and explains to him about the war effort, well is that really needed? Can't we just assume that people around him told him it was a bad idea? Especially since we see his mother tell him it is a bad idea...
There are a lot of things wrong with the Robb story line. This little nitpick isn't one of them.
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 06 June 2012 - 07:54 PM.
3882	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	why are you saying the tv-wedding was weeks / months in the making. I didn't get that impression at all. And I don't think his talking to someone necessarily led to a wedding. And further, the wedding was done at night with only two others there; this was obviously a rather secretive wedding.I don't get all the hate for Robb here. I thought TV Robb was pretty interesting and he is young and fell in love. Jeez.He is still a classic tragic hero. Nothing has changed. He makes a mistake for love and pays the ultimate price.no absolutely not the show Robb is NOT a tragic hero.  He is not a morally blameless man for pursuing and falling in love with Talisa.  That was, given the circumstances of the show, a selfish act, a willful act of betrayal for selfish reasons.  That point is screamed at the viewer in his meeting with Cat in Epi 8. COmpare that to book robb who is physically depleted and grief stricken (his love for others ie his brothers-not a selfish pursuit leads him to bed Jeyne).Book Robb is still a morally blameless man for his one tragic mistake with Jeyne, his subsequent acts with her (marrying her) were CLEARLY an attempt at doing an honorable thing, even against his own better judgement.  He placed himself in a catch 22 of honor (something that GRRM repeats throughout the novels)Show Robb acts selfishly, he PURSUES Talissa, that act of pursuit IS selfish and thus making him no longer blameless.Show Robb is NOT a tragic hero.
3883	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-06-06	I don't think taking her virginity is an issue in this new storyline.  She didn't act like a virgin; for example, she gets on top of him when they get down on the floor and is not shy about the lovemaking at this point.  (Did I miss a scene?  I'm watching on YouTube.)
3884	Magjee	2012-06-06	Robb's story is a little different when you only see it from the POV characters.
I think it was interesteing to see how it played out on screens, like Renly's scene's, but as a reader, the scenes become annoying and have lots to offer for us nitpickers.
3885	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	I don't think taking her virginity is an issue in this new storyline.  She didn't act like a virgin; for example, she gets on top of him when they get down on the floor and is not shy about the lovemaking at this point.  (Did I miss a scene?  I'm watching on YouTube.)somewhere someone caught a short laugh by Talisa at the end of the scene implying Robb finished quickly meaning perhaps he was a virgin
3886	_shadowcat_	2012-06-06	somewhere someone caught a short laugh by Talisa at the end of the scene implying Robb finished quickly meaning perhaps he was a virginSort of. In the scene, right after they tumble to the ground, Robb pulls away and sighs and Talisa laughs a little, then they carry on. Some people have interpreted this as Robb losing his shit already, but it's kind of a stretch. They've barely managed to get their clothes off after all the lacings involved, and have been making out for like three minutes, all while upright. If Robb's already done by the time they hit the rug, when she's still only lying on top of him, it's a sad, sad state of affairs.
3887	Harrad	2012-06-06	Northerners arent learn-ed in the ways south of the border. Thats why Catelyn took so long to warm to Ned. Not to mention Jon Snow who couldn't figure out what to do with the saucy Ygritte.
3888	KC_Accidental	2012-06-07	Correction: Show Catelyn....I don't see how book Catelyn is any better. Releasing Jaime without the knowledge of her sons deaths was pretty baffling by all means but book Catelyn is still a bumbling idiot of a woman. She frustrates me so damn much. She pretty much starts the war in the Riverlands and forces Ned to take responsibility for her kidnapping Tyrion. She does this all without any consideration for the consequences. Not once in Catelyn's POV's do I remember her lamenting her actions and how they've led to her families lands being destroyed and her fathers castle being under siege. All because of a reckless kidnapping. I think Bran was right, Cat should have been by her sons side instead of leaving him and baby Rickon to galavante around Westeros in a bid for revenge. Then there's the actual issue of releasing Jaime. There was no gaurantee whatsoever that releasing Jaime would mean the return of Sansa and Arya. She has him swear by the sword but hey this is a member of the Kinsguard who put his sword in Aerys back. More importantly Jaime is only a member of the Kingsguard and sometimes when he feels like it he's a Lannister general of sorts. He does not have the authority to release Sansa. Did Cat really think he would overrule Cersei, Tywin and Joffrey?! Then there's the issue that her actions completely undermine her son in front of his bannermen. She jeopardises his position and arguably costs him the war. Would the RW have taken place if Jaime was still in captivity? Who knows. It certainly cost Robb the Karstarks.There's also the frustration of her being prepared to kill Brienne because she hasn't succeeded in getting her daughters back yet. I excuse her more on this one because she's now un-Cat and full of rage but she does still make for frustrated reading. None of her actions should be excusable "as a mother" the same way Cersei's aren't. In fact I would go so far as to say Cersei's acts to protect her children and more understandable because her childrens lives are in direct danger. If she hadn't killed Robert her children would be dead.
3889	The Monkey	2012-06-07	no absolutely not the show Robb is NOT a tragic hero.  He is not a morally blameless man for pursuing and falling in love with Talisa.  That was, given the circumstances of the show, a selfish act, a willful act of betrayal for selfish reasons.  That point is screamed at the viewer in his meeting with Cat in Epi 8.COmpare that to book robb who is physically depleted and grief stricken (his love for others ie his brothers-not a selfish pursuit leads him to bed Jeyne).Book Robb is still a morally blameless man for his one tragic mistake with Jeyne, his subsequent acts with her (marrying her) were CLEARLY an attempt at doing an honorable thing, even against his own better judgement.  He placed himself in a catch 22 of honor (something that GRRM repeats throughout the novels)Show Robb acts selfishly, he PURSUES Talissa, that act of pursuit IS selfish and thus making him no longer blameless.Show Robb is NOT a tragic hero.In the books he held the honour of one noble girl in higher regard than the outcome of the entire war and the fates of thousands of his own men. Is that really much more admirable than what he did in the show?
3890	Greywolf2375	2012-06-07	In the books he held the honour of one noble girl in higher regard than the outcome of the entire war and the fates of thousands of his own men. Is that really much more admirable than what he did in the show?It's not that it is more admirable, it's more understandable & sympathetic.  Book Robb marries Jeyne after being wounded, learning his brothers were dead and sleeping with her - he marries her for her honor.Show Robb marries Talissa after - given the timeframes we see - a more prolongued courtship with full knowledge that what he is doing is going to lose him the Freys even after he is warned by his mother.  There is nothing that makes doing it this way sympathetic to him.
3891	Greywolf2375	2012-06-07	In the books he held the honour of one noble girl in higher regard than the outcome of the entire war and the fates of thousands of his own men. Is that really much more admirable than what he did in the show?It's not that it is more admirable, it's more understandable & sympathetic.  Book Robb marries Jeyne after being wounded, learning his brothers were dead and sleeping with her - he marries her for her honor.Show Robb marries Talissa after - given the timeframes we see - a more prolongued courtship with full knowledge that what he is doing is going to lose him the Freys even after he is warned by his mother.  There is nothing that makes doing it this way sympathetic to him.
3892	Greywolf2375	2012-06-07	In the books he held the honour of one noble girl in higher regard than the outcome of the entire war and the fates of thousands of his own men. Is that really much more admirable than what he did in the show?It's not that it is more admirable, it's more understandable & sympathetic.  Book Robb marries Jeyne after being wounded, learning his brothers were dead and sleeping with her - he marries her for her honor.Show Robb marries Talissa after - given the timeframes we see - a more prolongued courtship with full knowledge that what he is doing is going to lose him the Freys even after he is warned by his mother.  There is nothing that makes doing it this way sympathetic to him.
3893	Greywolf2375	2012-06-07	In the books he held the honour of one noble girl in higher regard than the outcome of the entire war and the fates of thousands of his own men. Is that really much more admirable than what he did in the show?It's not that it is more admirable, it's more understandable & sympathetic.  Book Robb marries Jeyne after being wounded, learning his brothers were dead and sleeping with her - he marries her for her honor.Show Robb marries Talissa after - given the timeframes we see - a more prolongued courtship with full knowledge that what he is doing is going to lose him the Freys even after he is warned by his mother.  There is nothing that makes doing it this way sympathetic to him.
3894	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-07	It's not that it is more admirable, it's more understandable & sympathetic.  Book Robb marries Jeyne after being wounded, learning his brothers were dead and sleeping with her - he marries her for her honor.Show Robb marries Talissa after - given the timeframes we see - a more prolongued courtship with full knowledge that what he is doing is going to lose him the Freys even after he is warned by his mother.  There is nothing that makes doing it this way sympathetic to him.Herp. Call me crazy, but I think a lovestruck Robb is more sympathetic to the casual viewer than a honorbound Robb. The latter would come across as extremely cheesy in the show, especially because of the cheese doodle guy playing him, who for some reason made everything cheesy to some degree in this season. I bet most people understand what love can to do your mind, while not many understand the unrealistic and monoric honor system that drove medieval knights and lords to such acts of stupidity like leading 130 men to their deaths against 7000 Ayyubids, because falling back in good order is for cravens, or in this case, marrying the daughter of some unimportant bannerman of your sworn enemy, because they happened to have had a one night stand once. I think love makes more sense than honor. Derp.
3895	Tadco26	2012-06-07	I think they did a big disservice by continueing to emphasize that he was marrying a Frey simply as a toll charge for crossing a bridge.  As if the only thing gained and lost was the ability to cross that bridge.
I also think the story could have worked (though not as well in my opinion as the book version), if they had Rob marry for love, but not have him tell Cat about it til after the fact, and likewise with her telling him about Jamie.  It's just a much different feeling to have a rash, more spur of the moment wedding without any evidence of outside counsel by a 16 year old, than it is to have counsel and completely ignore it out of spite or stubborness by a twenty something year old.	
They could have even had Robb respond to Cat in the show with how he took Talisa's maidenhood and was honor bound to marry her now, rather than make him look like a spoiled kid who was going to do whatever he wanted regardless of how it would effect anyone else because his mom made a mistake too.  There is a stark difference in the reason book Robb made the decision to marry, which in many ways defines his character and his father's.
As it stands, show Robb makes me a Frey sympathizer.
3896	SerMixalot	2012-06-07	In the books he held the honour of one noble girl in higher regard than the outcome of the entire war and the fates of thousands of his own men. Is that really much more admirable than what he did in the show?yes because he believes, like his father that one must act honorably is ALL cases.  This is a strict moral code, which apparently not many people understand in this day and age (which is somewhat disturbing in its own right).  It is the conflict that arises from this strict moral code that causes irreconcilable conflcts throughouth ASOIAF. It is about doing the right thing.  Banging a noble woman and leaving her is simply not the right thing to do.  that happened from a moment of physical weakness (injury) and massive grief (the loss of an unselfish love-his brothers). THAT IS THE POINT.  Not that this or that is understandable or loveis more important than the honor of a small house.  It is about doing the right thing.Pursuing Talisa was a selfish act.  He pursued her for his own selfish reasons-love.  that pointed is screamed to the viewer in  episode 8.
3897	rmanoj	2012-06-07	You don't think moral imperatives have to be ranked when they come into conflict with each other? How does Robb's duty to Jeyne outweigh his duty to thousands of men who were dependant on him?
3898	SerMixalot	2012-06-07	I believe that Ned and Robb believed that one must always do the honorable thing, that ranking does not come into play.  Thus Ned arguing that killing dany and her unborn child is dishonorable despite it saving thousands of other innocents.
3899	Maia	2012-06-07	Until he makes his tragic mistake of sleeping with Jeyne he acts perfectly, wins every battle, wins every diplomatic maneuver,Huh? It is made very clear in the books that Robb didn't understand diplomacy and politics at all and that it massively contributed to his doom. His one diplomatic  overture was disastrous and not only because of the people involved, but also because he took a completely wrong tone. Robb didn't understand that alliances are matters of quid pro quo even when both sides share a common goal, he didn't see how Kingdom of the North that includes poorly defensible Riverlands was an epically bad idea no matter who sat on the Iron Throne, he thought that he could achieve complete victory by military means alone, etc.She does this all without any consideration for the consequences.I do wish that GRRM had spelled it out in her PoV, but do remember that at that point Cat thought that there was a massive Lannister conspiracy that Tyrion was a part of, that had already resulted in the deaths of one Hand and 2 attempts on Bran. She was wrong, as it happens, but she did have as much circumstantial evidence for this view, as Ned had for the bastardy of the royal children. So, from her PoV, as soon as Tyrion recognized her, the game was up and it was all about who stole the first march on whom.She has him swear by the sword but hey this is a member of the Kinsguard who put his sword in Aerys back.She doesn't rely on Jaime's word, though, but Tyrion's. Tyrion made the official offer of exchange in open court, in his role as the acting Hand. By questioning Jaime, and comparing it with what Tyrion told her earlier, Cat had finally found out that Tyrion had nothing to do with the attempts on Bran, that he had been telling her the truth the whole time and thus may be somewhat trustworthy.Lannisters may be dodgy, but they do observe the Westerosi norms about exchanges and such. As we later see, those exchanges don't  happen with any particular precautions either, just with small delegations coming under the flag of truce and doing it.  Which is why it was so damaging of Edmure to proclaim far and wide that it was not an exchange, that Jaime had escaped.Further, Cat understood Cersei's character  and knew what sacks entail well enough to forsee that the girls were unlikely to survive KL's fall to Stannis.And _if_ Stannis had won, Jaime would have become fairly worthless as a hostage anyway. Whereas the girls were now Robb's only heirs and situation of a ruler without heirs is very precarious.The funny thing is, that if Jaime hadn't been massively delayed by the Bloody Mummers and made it to KL before the Battle of the Blackwater, the Starks would have actually gotten Sansa back. We know this, because we see PoVs of both Tyrion and Jaime. So, Cat wasn't even wrong to believe that they might honor the exchange. Of course, they didn't have Arya, but even having Sansa alone would have been helpful at that point.Again, the whole mess happened, because Robb really was bad at politics. He went off out of reach of communications for months without leaving anybody with the authority to handle the potentially volatile political situation for him in his absence. And before that, he basically ignored all and any pleas for political decisions that Roderick and Luwin didn't have the authority to make on their own, as a result of which the North fell into disorder and internecine warfare.Book Robb was a precocious, brilliant warlord, but he failed at everything else that being a ruler entails. That was his tragedy.
3900	SerMixalot	2012-06-07	You don't think moral imperatives have to be ranked when they come into conflict with each other? How does Robb's duty to Jeyne outweigh his duty to thousands of men who were dependant on him?and again it was Robb's mistake that left him in the position he was in.  No matter what he did he was going to act  dishonorably, either to leave Jeyne as spoiled fruit or break his vow to the Freys.  He THOUGHT he could make amends to the Freys, but the damage was already done
3901	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	I believe that Ned and Robb believed that one must always do the honorable thing, that ranking does not come into play.  Thus Ned arguing that killing dany and her unborn child is dishonorable despite it saving thousands of other innocents.So the honorable thing was clearly to bang your nurse and break his betrothal.  Just like Ned, wait never mindHE ALREADy BROKE HIS FUCKING HONOR.
3902	Mulled Wino	2012-06-07	and again it was Robb's mistake that left him in the position he was in.  No matter what he did he was going to act  dishonorably, either to leave Jeyne as spoiled fruit or break his vow to the Freys.  He THOUGHT he could make amends to the Freys, but the damage was already doneHis father apparently thought there was a more important decision than marrying every woman you spoiled (from Robbs perspective)
3903	Clariana	2012-06-08	Nobody here has mentioned Roose Bolton who always seemed to be around when Talisa and Robb were getting together and sending dark looks in their direction... If your immediate feudal lord was about to rashly lose the loyalty of most of his bannermen and you happened to be somewhat ambitious, would you tell him not to go there? Or would you attempt to block others from telling him this?
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 08 June 2012 - 07:53 AM.
3904	SerMixalot	2012-06-08	So the honorable thing was clearly to bang your nurse and break his betrothal.  Just like Ned, wait never mindHE ALREADy BROKE HIS FUCKING HONOR.Yes of course he did.  Noone is arguing otherwise.  But what were the circumstances of his breach of honorHe was wounded-physically weakHe was grief stricken-emotionally weak (an emotional weakness over the loss of loved ones)Thus he becomes a tragic hero by making a mistake.  If he did not sleep with Jeyne he would be a perfect hero (and in literary terms not able to fall). But he made a mistake, a single mistake that leads to his downfall.
3905	Davos55	2012-06-08	My question is why were there literally no Freys on the show this season at all? We just got the mention of Walder at the end and that is about it. Are a bunch of Frey soldiers or a couple more important ones just going to show up next season or what?
3906	Davos55	2012-06-08	Nobody here has mentioned Roose Bolton who always seemed to be around when Talisa and Robb were getting together and sending dark looks in their direction... If your immediate feudal lord was about to rashly lose the loyalty of most of his bannermen and you happened to be somewhat ambitious, would you tell him not to go there? Or would you attempt to block others from telling him this?I really wish Roose would have been in the finale.  I feel that the marriage was just so rushed and honestly ridiculous, they should have just waited to do that next season, or actually have some sort of legitimate scene with repercussions. Even if they just showed Bolton watching the wedding from afar or something like that, it would have served a better purpose.  Honestly though, I can't wait for Robb to get killed in the RW..Can not wait..
3907	SelaBela	2012-06-08	Maybe Robb will take Talisa along with him to the Twins... that would be awesome.  I must be a pretty awful human being.
3908	Mulled Wino	2012-06-08	Yes of course he did.  Noone is arguing otherwise.  But what were the circumstances of his breach of honorHe was wounded-physically weakHe was grief stricken-emotionally weak (an emotional weakness over the loss of loved ones)Thus he becomes a tragic hero by making a mistake.  If he did not sleep with Jeyne he would be a perfect hero (and in literary terms not able to fall). But he made a mistake, a single mistake that leads to his downfall.He's still making a single tragic mistake here.  I would definitely prefer if they kept to the book version of events here, or at least something reasonably close like her being robbs nurse and a full blown affair starts from there. I dont think the show ruined robb though.And as far as Roose goes, he's going to let Rob bury himself just like in the books.  He's already moving against the Starks, why would he stop the wedding?
3909	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-08	The actual wedding probably took place a few days after they had sex. But we've seen flirting, romantic strolls, repeated visits to the royal tent for what must have been at least weeks if not months. And what I find so hard to beleive is that during all this time, noone, not the Blackfish, not the Greatjon, not Galbart Glover, not Maege Mormont, nor Catelyn or any lord fromt the North or the Riverlands told Robb that: ' if we loose the Freys, we will most likely loose the entire war 'Well, lords/kings banging women on campaign doesn't seem like all that unusual a thing.  Especially if they're not married.  Until he actually got married, it was sort of a "no harm/no foul" kind of thing.  To steal a line from James Earl Jones, his bannermen may have thought Robb was just sowing his royal oats.Anyway, it looks like the actaul banging and the wedding followed on each other pretty quickly, so the period of trul objectionable conduct seems pretty short.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 08 June 2012 - 11:54 AM.
3910	Harrad	2012-06-06	In Season 1 Episode 1, we were supposedly introduced to a WW north of the wall. The first beheading was of the Night Watch squad leader by a giant-ish guy, witnessed by the other Night Watcher. The latter subsequently deserted the Night Watch, and claimed in a final statement to have seen a WW. (He then became the second beheading by Ned Stark, himself heading for a beheading.) And we were supposed to believe him. In Season 2 Episode 10, we hear three horn blasts, and see these funky white-rabbit-like dudes on horseback. Which of either of these is a WW: the giant-ish guy in Season 1 or the white-rabbit-like dudes on horseback....or neither?
3911	Arataniello	2012-06-06	In Season 1 Episode 1, we were supposedly introduced to a WW north of the wall. The first beheading was of the Night Watch squad leader by a giant-ish guy, witnessed by the other Night Watcher. The latter subsequently deserted the Night Watch, and claimed in a final statement to have seen a WW. (He then became the second beheading by Ned Stark, himself heading for a beheading.) And we were supposed to believe him. In Season 2 Episode 10, we hear three horn blasts, and see these funky white-rabbit-like dudes on horseback. Which of either of these is a WW: the giant-ish guy in Season 1 or the white-rabbit-like dudes on horseback....or neither?Both. Compare - glimpses of Gollum in Moria in the Fellowship movie compared to the final version we had for the next two movies.The producers/directors have refined their ideas for how the White Walkers should look since they started shooting season 1.  Plus, they have larger budgets now.
3912	phedre	2012-06-06	Exactly, they were able to better realize what they had in mind for the White Walkers in the S2 finale, whereas in S1Ep1, they were just giving us a hint of what's to come.
3913	Lyonel B	2012-06-06	http://images.wikia....hite_Walker.jpg
That's the image of the "White Walker" from episode 1. Hardly a drastic re-imagining.http://25.media.tumb...zcdho2_1280.jpg
					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 07 June 2012 - 09:25 AM.
							
								MOD Edit: Fixing image links - embedded images are not supported here.
3914	Harrad	2012-06-06	Hunh? Completely different conceptions of the beast 1 year apart, from the same producers? One a man-like giant and the other a different species?  Where are you getting this info? The differences between Gollum Fellowship and Gollum Two Towers  pale (green) in comparison. And this didn't bother viewers? Or they didn't remember way back a year ago to the pivotal introduction of this pivotal plot point? Its beyond belief.
3915	Arataniello	2012-06-06	Skin whitening is a growing problem even amongst the white walkers it seems....
3916	Harrad	2012-06-06	[img]http://images.wikia....hite_Walker.jpg[/img]That's the image of the "White Walker" from episode 1. Hardly a drastic re-imagining.[img]http://25.media.tumb...zcdho2_1280.jpg[/img]That must be the alternate version of GoT. The one who beheaded the Night Watch squad leader looked like a kind of John Matousak in Caveman.
3917	Lyonel B	2012-06-06	That must be the alternate version of GoT. The one who beheaded the Night Watch squad leader looked like a kind of John Matousak in Caveman.No that is a screenshot of the only close up of the White Walker that was shown in episode 1 of GOT. Go back, watch the episode and press pause.
3918	Harrad	2012-06-06	And what beheaded the Night Watch squad leader for the third(?) time?
3919	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-06-06	they are both WW.
3920	Lyonel B	2012-06-06	The above White Walker, standing in the shadows.http://3.bp.blogspot...ones-zombie.jpg
You should probably go back and rewatch the episode BEFORE throwing a hissy fit.
					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 07 June 2012 - 09:27 AM.
							
								MOD Edit:  See post #4 above
3921	Harrad	2012-06-06	The above White Walker, standing in the shadows.[img]http://3.bp.blogspot...ones-zombie.jpg[/img]You should probably go back and rewatch the episode BEFORE throwing a hissy fit.I have watched it in blu-ray and the image is a lot better than your lame jpegs. The beheading WW looks completely different in features and size.
3922	Lyonel B	2012-06-06	If your definition of "completely" corresponds to the rest of English speakers' definition of "very slightly", then maybe.
You carry on torturing yourself and throwing your toys out of the pram about non-existent nitpicks.
					
					
							Edited by Lyonel B, 06 June 2012 - 02:42 PM.
3923	Tetrarch42	2012-06-06	It's also important to remember that White Walkers are said to have chameleonesque colour changing abilities and this is the only time we've seen them during the day. It's possible they use a form of camoflauge at night and duing the day to stay hidden.
3924	Harrad	2012-06-06	If your definition of "completely" corresponds to the rest of English speakers' definition of "very slightly", then maybe.You carry on torturing yourself and throwing your toys out of the pram about non-existent nitpicks.And they also change size from being smaller non-human species easily fitting on horseback to being over-sized human-like creatures? It must be comforting to have low-resolution visual and mental abilities. They must keep one from noticing things in the enviroment. Its a calming influence no doubt, until you run up againt a bear that you thought was a cute little white rabbit.
3925	Bastard of Boston	2012-06-06	Speaking in terms of show continuity, maybe White Walkers are as eclectic-looking as their human counterparts and have a variety of different appearances.
I don't think it's a big deal. We're talking about pilot-to-season 2 finale here. Obviously, the budget is larger and the stakes are bigger...they have room to do more with their visuals. Why confine yourself to a more primitive design of White Walker when you now have the means to create something more visually impressive?
I still see the same trait, which appear to be the deep creases in the skin.
3926	Tetrarch42	2012-06-06	And they also change size from being smaller non-human species easily fitting on horseback to being over-sized human-like creatures? It must be comforting to have low-resolution visual and mental abilities. They must keep one from noticing things in the enviroment. Its a calming influence no doubt, until you run up againt a bear that you thought was a cute little white rabbit.He mad.
3927	Arataniello	2012-06-06	[mod]  please discuss the topic of the thread without resorting to throwing insults and/or flames at other posters [/mod]
3928	HouseLark	2012-06-06	So what I'm thinking is that, like all other creatures, White walkers come in many different shapes and sizes.
3929	phoenix_rising	2012-06-06	more views equals bigger budgets equals better spec affects....
3930	Harrad	2012-06-06	So what I'm thinking is that, like all other creatures, White walkers come in many different shapes and sizes.If that's the case, all bets are off. The giant human-like creature that beheaded the Night Watch squad leader and the smallish white-rabbit creatures that rode horses in the last episode are the same thing? Okey dokey. Maybe they will have fins or wings next.
3931	TheCube	2012-06-06	So what I'm thinking is that, like all other creatures, White walkers come in many different shapes and sizes.I think this is a fair enough explanation, to be honest. It's not like the differences are that vast, especially not as the close ups have marked similarities.
3932	Ruka	2012-06-06	I very clearly recall when Sam in running from a WW's with Gilly before he shivs one with dragon glass that it was riding a *gasp* dead rotting horse. the nerve of D&D using something from the books.
I say we mutiny!
3933	Harrad	2012-06-06	I very clearly recall when Sam in running from a WW's with Gilly before he shivs one with dragon glass that it was riding a *gasp* dead rotting horse. the nerve of D&D using something from the books.I say we mutiny!Yes, those are the WW, as in 2-10. In 1-1, maybe that was a giant. Just saying.
3934	TheCube	2012-06-06	Yes, those are the WW, as in 2-10. In 1-1, maybe that was a giant. Just saying.It's too small to be a giant.While you're complaining about the differences between the s01e01 white walker and the s02e10 imagine Tyrion next to Gregor Clegane...
3935	protar	2012-06-06	While some people are clearly overreacting, I too was a bit baffled byh the changes. The two are obviously quite different. It would have been better if they'd just made a better CGI version of the original which I thought looked fine.
3936	Robin Of House Hill	2012-06-06	Let's make it even more confusing.  The one who does the beheading is similar in appearance to the one that took the baby at Craster's.  Both were able to move with considerable speed.  In the last episode of the 2nd season, we see some blue-white icy looking guys that are apparently so cold there is a bit of ice fog coming off their bodies, leading an army of zombies in various states of disrepair.  The zombies seem slow moving and mindless.  I can understand that some have the clothes of Night's Watch and some have the clothes and shields of Wildlings.  They are probably the re-animated dead.
If the show's producers decided to redesign the White Walkers and Wights, it looks like they did it after the Craster episode.  There is another fly in the ointment.  It has been hinted at, time and time again, that these critters only come out at night and extreme cold.  Why are they no marching in daylight?
3937	Ser Loudmouth	2012-06-06	I will add another voice to the "Gollum" theory.
I allso think it was a necessary and good thing. For all it's qualities, the show has usually disappointed me in getting things/characters to look like I imagined them, but the new "white walkers" look much closer to the mental image I had from the books. Too bad we didn't hear their "voice like cracking ice" but hopefully they will fix that too for next season.
3938	Iron Captain	2012-06-06	White rabbit? I'm pretty sure the two (and yes there were two) white walkers seen this episode were normal sized men, or as normal as you could tell sitting in a horse.
The facial appearance was pretty similar in each, except in the pilot the bigger WW was dark while the first one we saw on Sunday was paler.
3939	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-06	White rabbit? I'm pretty sure the two (and yes there were two) white walkers seen this episode were normal sized men, or as normal as you could tell sitting in a horse.The facial appearance was pretty similar in each, except in the pilot the bigger WW was dark while the first one we saw on Sunday was paler.All cats are the same color after midnight.
3940	Independent George	2012-06-06	Yes, those are the WW, as in 2-10. In 1-1, maybe that was a giant. Just saying.That WW was played by the Gregor v2.00. So a foot taller than the average person, but not really a giant.
3941	snowzombie	2012-06-06	I've always been kind of confused by the difference between wights, white walkers and Others. 
The wights are the snow zombies with blue eyes, no? That's what the dude from Season 1 Episode 1 looked like and the wight that Jon kills in episode 8. They're re-animated. The Others are the beings that create the wights? 
I thought the rabbity looking thing was an Other and the zombies were wights.
3942	_shadowcat_	2012-06-06	Yep, wights are the undead, man and animal. The white walkers are the Others and the ones who command the wights.
I wouldn't necessarily call the WW from S1E1 a giant. He's tall, yes, a full head taller than Gared when he chops his head off, but he still clearly looks man-sized when we see him head to toe immediately afterward. He's tall and brawny, but I didn't look at him and think, wow, that dude's gigantic; wherever did they get him? And he can definitely sit a horse; I don't really get that part of the complaint at all. In comparison, the S2E10 WW that we see is slimmer and smaller, but he also looks like an old man, intentionally or not. And he's calling out orders, so maybe it could be explained as simply as beefy warrior vs. aged leader. A Kingsguard next to a maester. Regardless, surely there would be variations throughout the Others, as in every other species ever.
Having said that, though, I feel like the new version will probably be the only ones we see from now on, so justifying their coexistence doesn't particularly matter, just the jump from one to the other. And there were definitely noticeable changes made from the Others we last saw in S2E2. I just don't think they were grandiose enough for someone to not realize they were the same creature.
3943	Harrad	2012-06-06	Ok not relying on memory I blu-rayed the creature in 1-1. Its Mountain-sized, with long hair, wearing a kilt and boots. Its not on horseback and looks supremely buff and athletic. So if you want to presume there are Stephen Hawking-like WW on horseback and Andre the Giant-like WW on foot, go for it. They act differently, they dress differently, but they both have arms and legs so clearly, they are the same species. Just like humans and chimps--they share 99% the same DNA.
3944	from the arbor	2012-06-06	Ok not relying on memory I blu-rayed the creature in 1-1. Its Mountain-sized, with long hair, wearing a kilt and boots. Its not on horseback and looks supremely buff and athletic. So if you want to presume there are Stephen Hawking-like WW on horseback and Andre the Giant-like WW on foot, go for it. They act differently, they dress differently, but they both have arms and legs so clearly, they are the same species. Just like humans and chimps--they share 99% the same DNA.So they changed the look. What is your point?
3945	Harrad	2012-06-06	So they changed the look. What is your point?They are both not White Walkers. To compare the difference between the two creatures to Gollum FOTR and Gollum TTT is whistling past the graveyard.
3946	Harrad	2012-06-07	Lets try this another way: Why are they called White Walkers? Because they ride horses?
3947	snowzombie	2012-06-07	I think the creature in S1E1 looked like a newly made wight. I hadn't read the books when I first saw it, so I thought he and the creepy girl were wildlings who had just died and become re-animated. Why else would he be wearing a kilt? I suppose an Other could wear a kilt too. His appearance was just weird. It wasn't entirely scary. 
You can't reveal the bogeyman in the first shot of a movie, or a TV show. It's the degree of mystery that makes them scary. When you shine a light on it, you take away its power. The ending of the finale at the The Fist of First Men was intense because we'd been building up to it for so long.
3948	kephv	2012-06-07	Lets try this another way: Why are they called White Walkers? Because they ride horses?The Others ride undead horses, and sometimes they don't. Just like humans in the series.
3949	Justin Danford	2012-06-07	Its obvious the concept changed but who cares? The WW's in the pilot were kind of lame looking...like some guy in a weird big-foot suit, whereas the one in the finale was complete badass and believable. There is nothing wrong in making visual improvements.
I was feeling so/so about the finale until I saw the new WW concept. It looked great, the old one's really bugged me.
3950	Harrad	2012-06-07	The degree of rationalization in this blog is stupendous. The White Sometimes Walkers are sometimes one species and sometimes another. How about the theory that the creature that beheaded the Night Watch squad leader who moved and looked nothing like a zombie and WALKED, was a WW, whereas the white-rabbit-like creatures riding horses were something else.
3951	Tetrarch42	2012-06-07	Lets try this another way: Why are they called White Walkers? Because they ride horses?So you're suggesting that by virtue of the name "White Walker" they don't use steeds?
3952	Howdyphillip	2012-06-07	Lets try this another way: Why are they called White Walkers? Because they ride horses?Sometimes, they ride giant spiders as well. I think from now on you and only you should be forced to call them White Spider Riders... /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />In all seriousness, I get your complaint. They have been radically altered, and I hope that the alterations don't affect how they are suppose to behave.
3953	Indigocell	2012-06-07	I don't know, isn't it reasonable to assume that, like any race, there will be a variety of shapes and sizes, including skin color for example?  It doesn't have to be that much of a problem, although I thought the original White Walker looked a lot more frightening in the first episode.
3954	HouseLark	2012-06-07	If that's the case, all bets are off. The giant human-like creature that beheaded the Night Watch squad leader and the smallish white-rabbit creatures that rode horses in the last episode are the same thing? Okey dokey. Maybe they will have fins or wings next.No need to be facetious. White Walkers are clearly humanoid creatures, your nearest analogue is, well, humans. Now look at the range of shapes and sizes you see in the world - even in GoT itself. We have the 7ft Gregor Clegane and without going to the other extreme (Tyrion) we also see average-sized people like Jon Snow, the Halfhand, Lancel, etc, etc. Seems to me that the WW seen in S01E01 could have been the outlier in terms of size. It's also worth noting that the WW in that episode was fully clothed in bulky winter garb (such as Wildlings wear) whereas the WW in the last episode was naked.
3955	smithy	2012-06-07	I'm pretty sure the White walker in the first episode of series one was played by an actor  whereas the one we see in episode 10 of the second series was obviously computer generated so obviously they will look different.
I don't see what the huge problem is anyways , so they reworked what the WW look like , big deal  X_X
3956	Ramsay Gimp	2012-06-07	If that's the case, all bets are off. The giant human-like creature that beheaded the Night Watch squad leader and the smallish white-rabbit creatures that rode horses in the last episode are the same thing? Okey dokey. Maybe they will have fins or wings next.You mean the thing that was completely shrouded in darkness in the pilot? The thing that no one got a good look at?
					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 07 June 2012 - 09:16 AM.
							
								MOD EDIT: See mod post below.
3957	Stubby	2012-06-07	[MOD]
Lay off with the personal jibes, folks.  I note this is the second time a mod has asked nicely in this thread.
Further, if you think a post needs mod attention, please use the report function.
[/MOD]
					
					
							Edited by Stubby, 07 June 2012 - 09:30 AM.
3958	curttp	2012-06-07	In watching the last scene of S2E10, my concern was with the total number of beings.  I could see someone who has not read the books to wonder if this is a group of WW and wildlings.  I never expected WW to be an army as large as shown
3959	Harrad	2012-06-07	I saw the W actual Walker in 1-1 just fine. I used a special feature on my blu-ray player called "pause." It looks nothing like the White Horse Rider in 2-10. In 1-1 the deserting Night Watcher is beheaded right after he says he saw a WW. Now, he might have been mistaken. In 2-10, there is nothing that identifies the white-rabbit riders as WW. Think about why in Westeros history a creature would be called a White Walker. Probably, and I am just guessing here, it was white, and much more often than not, it was walkin'.
3960	Independent George	2012-06-07	The WW in the first episode was about 7 feet tall, because the actor playing him was 7 feet tall. In fact, he's exactly the same height as the Mountain, because he's played by the same actor as the Mountain in S2. So yes, very tall, but not monstrously so, and not so tall that it precludes them from riding.Furthermore, that the white walkers sometimes ride is book canon. From Sam's first chapter in FFC:Some stories speak of them riding the corpses of dead animals. Bears, direwolves, mammoths, horses, it makes no matter, so long as the beast is dead. The one that killed Small Paul was riding a dead horse, so that part's plainly true. Some accounts speak of giant ice spiders, too. I don't know what those are.I actually agree that the White Walker in the finale was less scary than in the first episode. I believe suggestion is far more powerful than seeing him clearly like that. But I also disagree that they're completely different.The WW in Episode 01 was obscured by a cloak, but the screencaps show the underlying design as very close to what we saw in Episode 20. There's nothing so dramatically different which can't be explained as simple random variation between two individuals.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 07 June 2012 - 10:48 AM.
3961	baxter	2012-06-07	I'm a bit surprised at how ticked this has people.
First off, its quite possible that the Others/WW are not all factory assembled, same shape, same size creatures.  There could easily be taller "ranger" like WWs running through the woods, and "smaller" (really you are talking about a guy sitting on a horse not exactly easy to determine his height unless you know the horse), horse back WWs.  Could it not be that there are classes of white walkers, foot soldiers, cavalry, and possibly a society of these things up north.  Its kind of like Planet of the Apes in my mind.
Perhaps the guys on the horses / spiders or whatever aren't as fast and nimble as the guys in the woods were?  Maybe these are "older" WWs versus the younger versions that are chopping off ranger heads and taunting other rangers with them (such rapscallions those forest WWs)
3962	baxter	2012-06-07	Double Post
					
					
							Edited by baxter, 07 June 2012 - 10:52 AM.
3963	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-07	If the show's producers decided to redesign the White Walkers and Wights, it looks like they did it after the Craster episode.  There is another fly in the ointment.  It has been hinted at, time and time again, that these critters only come out at night and extreme cold.  Why are they no marching in daylight?Because shooting during the night in the frozen wilderness of Iceland is pretty hard, not to mention very dangerous. Plus, if they'd shot in the pitch black icelandic night, we hadn't gotten that last pan out shot of the wight horde.As for the actual discussion, why can't White Walkers have different attributes? I've not read or heard anything about them being clones of one White Walker. They are a different species, even if they appear magical and outlandish to the people of Westeros. Some are black, some are white, some big, other small, and some lack noses, be it Tyrion Lannister or the one who killed Waymar Royce.
3964	AsoiafFTW!	2012-06-07	the last pan shot should been a bunch of blue glowin eyes moving in a pitchblack night in direction to the fist. and of course the voice of the others on the background. (a lot less craptastic cgi and way more scary and cool)
3965	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2012-06-07	I personally found the Other depiction a bit off: I was imagining them as elegant "ice elves", rather than these more skeletal critters.
3966	Black Crow	2012-06-07	Because shooting during the night in the frozen wilderness of Iceland is pretty hard, not to mention very dangerous. Plus, if they'd shot in the pitch black icelandic night, we hadn't gotten that last pan out shot of the wight horde.Indeed and returning to book canon as cited by George above, what Sam also mentions is that they don't like sunlight; mist, falling snow, trees, overcast they're fine. In the book the attack on the Fist took place in the dark, but they're not restricted to the night. I think the point of that scene is that series 1 finished with the dragons hatching, and something equally big and portentious was needed to wrap series 2.
3967	Harrad	2012-06-07	Sorry, but since the menagerie of GRRM is large and growing, I'm not going to concede that a group of dead horse riders are the generic "white walkers." The guys on horses could be "Others" or "Rabbits of the NIght" or you-name-it. Anyone else that wants to call them WW, I have no problem with. Just, in the wee hours of the morning, think about the ancient Andals, seeing a similar group that attacks the Night Watch camp in 2-10, and identifying the walking dead as "wights" or "zombies" and the rabbit-guys riding horses as "white walkers." That's etymology, for ya.
3968	Black Crow	2012-06-07	I personally found the Other depiction a bit off: I was imagining them as elegant "ice elves", rather than these more skeletal critters.I agree. They're not quite as GRRM described them to the comic book artist, but nevertheless a definite improvement on the series 1 prologue. What did strike me about the older guy who looks at Sam is the resemblance to the faces carved in the weirwood trees.
3969	Black Crow	2012-06-07	Sorry, but since the menagerie of GRRM is large and growing, I'm not going to concede that a group of dead horse riders are the generic "white walkers." The guys on horses could be "Others" or "Rabbits of the NIght" or you-name-it. Anyone else that wants to call them WW, I have no problem with. Just, in the wee hours of the morning, think about the ancient Andals, seeing a similar group that attacks the Night Watch camp in 2-10, and identifying the walking dead as "wights" or "zombies" and the rabbit-guys riding horses as "white walkers." That's etymology, for ya.Ah well, reading the books might help. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3970	It is known.	2012-06-07	I don't get the big issue over the fact it was on a horse, somehow that doesn't make it a White Walker?  It's in the books that they ride undead horses.(Incidently, I thought the undead horse in the finale look awesome!)
3971	Gaius Martell	2012-06-07	They are both not White Walkers. To compare the difference between the two creatures to Gollum FOTR and Gollum TTT is whistling past the graveyard.Yes, they are, and no it isn't.  Meaningless differences are meaningless.
3972	shadow_419	2012-06-07	Sorry, but since the menagerie of GRRM is large and growing, I'm not going to concede that a group of dead horse riders are the generic "white walkers." The guys on horses could be "Others" or "Rabbits of the NIght" or you-name-it. Anyone else that wants to call them WW, I have no problem with. Just, in the wee hours of the morning, think about the ancient Andals, seeing a similar group that attacks the Night Watch camp in 2-10, and identifying the walking dead as "wights" or "zombies" and the rabbit-guys riding horses as "white walkers." That's etymology, for ya.If you read through the books, you'll see that they're referred to by most as the "Others". White Walkers is a term mainly used by some wildlings.  In the books we see them both afoot and on dead horses.  If you don't like how they're depicted that's fine, but to say they're not "white walkers" because they're riding is wrong.  BTW First men != Andals (ancient or otherwise), the Andals never settled the north besides the Manderley's at White Harbor.  White Walkers was the term the tv show settled on as to not confuse people with "Others" from the Lost tv show.
3973	Harrad	2012-06-07	If you read through the books, you'll see that they're referred to by most as the "Others". White Walkers is a term mainly used by some wildlings.Thats right and they were called Walkers  because they were riding dead horses. The Starks and the Night's Watch (both not wildlings) also knew what WW were, at least in legends.
					
					
							Edited by Harrad, 07 June 2012 - 12:40 PM.
3974	Dontos the Slim	2012-06-07	Sorry, but since the menagerie of GRRM is large and growing, I'm not going to concede that a group of dead horse riders are the generic "white walkers." The guys on horses could be "Others" or "Rabbits of the NIght" or you-name-it. Anyone else that wants to call them WW, I have no problem with. Just, in the wee hours of the morning, think about the ancient Andals, seeing a similar group that attacks the Night Watch camp in 2-10, and identifying the walking dead as "wights" or "zombies" and the rabbit-guys riding horses as "white walkers." That's etymology, for ya.A question: how do you know, exactly, how large or small these "rabbit-looking" beings are that are shown in the last scene of Season 2? They are both (there are two of them, fwiw, the second was bringing up the rear) on horseback. If Gregor was on horseback, would his height be immediately apparent? Especially if there was not a control next to him (as with the White Walker closely shown in the scene)?Also, for the record, White Walkers = Others. The Others is used most often in the books, but some characters do refer to them as White Walkers. The Others is rarely (if ever, I think) used in the TV in deferrence to the show LOST. And yes, wights = zombies and they are created and controlled by the White Walkers/Others. Everything in this paragraph is confirmed canon both from the books and from the TV show producers.They simply changed the way the WW look from the pilot episode to the latest one. That's all. And the change wasn't that drastic, really.The one they showed Sunday had no armor or helmet, the lighting was better, and the camera really focused on him. So you could see more. Why does one have armor (pilot) and the most recent one doesn't? Could be the situations. In the pilot, the Night's Watch men probably were'nt ranging too far. So the WW they encountered was closer to the Wall, also probably a ranger of sorts. So maybe they were outfitted accordingly. The one we saw Sunday was nearer to his own land, leading an army. So maybe he didn't feel armor was necessary at that very moment. It should also be noted that the WW at the rear of the wight army did appear to have armor and a helmet.
3975	lost12487	2012-06-07	Thats right and they were called Walkers  because they were riding dead horses. The Starks and the Night's Watch (both not wildlings) also knew what WW were, at least in legends.OK, so it's pretty clear that you're trolling at this point, but I'll reply anyway.Here is part of the scene from episode 1-1 straight out of the book:The Other slid forward on silent feet. In its hand was a longsword like none that Will had ever seen.The creature in the scene is described as an "Other."Here is an excerpt from A Game of Thrones stating that Other=White Walker."...direwolves grow gaunt and hungry, and the white walkers move through the woods." "You mean the Others," Bran said querulously. "The Others," Old Nan agreed.And here is part of the scene from 2-10, depicted in A Storm of Swords:"They never blow three. Not for hundreds and thousands of years. Three means-" "Others"So it's pretty clear that what you saw in both scenes are indeed White Walkers. You really have no argument against that, other than the creature from the final scene in 2-10 wasn't walking at the time that we see him. Is a jumping spider no longer a jumping spider when i see him crawl on the wall? If you're just arguing because you don't like the look of the white walkers in the show - I liked them, but to each his own. If you're mad that the design was changed from 1-1 to 2-10 - I guess you'll just have to deal with it.
3976	Ser Loudmouth	2012-06-07	I personally found the Other depiction a bit off: I was imagining them as elegant "ice elves", rather than these more skeletal critters.Still better then the orc-like creatures from S1 ep1.
3977	JoramunsKazoo	2012-06-07	There must be a conspiracy at hand, so I'll compound the mystery.
Who is the real human?  Hodor or Viserys Targ?  Clearly, they aren't the same creature.
					
					
							Edited by JoramunsKazoo, 07 June 2012 - 03:48 PM.
3978	Black Crow	2012-06-07	Aha.. a trick question. The correct answer is of course Tyrion. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3979	Horus Ex Machina	2012-06-07	And they also change size from being smaller non-human species easily fitting on horseback to being over-sized human-like creatures? It must be comforting to have low-resolution visual and mental abilities. They must keep one from noticing things in the enviroment. Its a calming influence no doubt, until you run up againt a bear that you thought was a cute little white rabbit.An expert on the subject has clarified things on the issue.
3980	The NAomenA3rean	2012-06-07	Thats right and they were called Walkers  because they were riding dead horses. The Starks and the Night's Watch (both not wildlings) also knew what WW were, at least in legends.You need a hug, Just remember the show isnt canon, and the books are always there to satisfy these kind of questions. The books refer to them as "Others" far more often than calling them "White Walkers". The show just picked up the Walkers name since is sounds more like a proper noun than simply Others. For the record, i didnt like the design of the Other at the end of the S2. I prefer the draped in shadow, large and fast creature we saw in season 1 but I do accept theyre the same.
3981	richc516	2012-06-07	I agree about the differences between the White Walkers between episode 1 and now this recent episode.  They look totally different.  I actually thought the first episodes version was much better and much more fierce looking.  The one from this last episode looked like a character from a Disney movie or The Chronicles of Narnia, very cartoonish.  I think giving it such a distinct face with a big nose like that just ruined it for me.  Unless the point was to make them seem like they aren't as monstrous as we think, I did not like this version at all.  I cannot believe how people can even argue that there is not a huge difference between episode 1's version and this version.I actually didn't care for the ending at all.  I understand they wanted to keep that storyline fresh and make it like it is the real problem going on, but it is very misleading in my opinion.
3982	Gordon Freeman	2012-06-07	Real quick, I did like the look they were going with in episode 1 but I also believe that the WW/others can and should have different looks to them.Here was my problems:- My problem is the fact that they weren't donned in the camouflaged armor for one, actually they had no armor at all. 2nd, the WW are supposed to appear out of nowhere, the only way you know they are there is because of the drastic drop in temperature.These guys just appear, right on top of you like some super stealth ninjas, why were they marching so slow in the middle of an open area (which also pisses me off there's no trees north of the wall now!???) durring the middle of the day?The first true encounter with WW I just imagined them showing the reaction of how it was getting so cold then people to start dying and mass chaos, then the horn blow 3x.  (IDK maybe like it was in the book...)
					
					
							Edited by Gordon Freeman, 07 June 2012 - 08:12 PM.
3983	Bambi	2012-06-07	Real quick, I did like the look they were going with in episode 1 but I also believe that the WW/others can and should have different looks to them.Here was my problems:- My problem is the fact that they weren't donned in the camouflaged armor for one, actually they had no armor at all. 2nd, the WW are supposed to appear out of nowhere, the only way you know they are there is because of the drastic drop in temperature.These guys just appear, right on top of you like some super stealth ninjas, why were they marching so slow in the middle of an open area (which also pisses me off there's no trees north of the wall now!???) durring the middle of the day?The first true encounter with WW I just imagined them showing the reaction of how it was getting so cold then people to start dying and mass chaos, then the horn blow 3x.  (IDK maybe like it was in the book...)1. problem: the lack of armor bothered me too, but you cannot make the viewers suddenly feel cold on their couch at home, it is teleVISION, you can affect people with visual tools and assets.2.: the middle of the day thing also bothered me too, its totally not-canon and just idiotoc. But i must repeat the television-argument stated above: the lack of seeing something which you know there is may has a scary effect, but its not easy to sell through tv. I think the directors were afraid of shooting a darknight scene because of visablity reasons.
3984	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-07	Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re called white walkers for the same reason as dog walkers are called dog walkers: because some people walk dogs, and the Others walk wights. ;}
3985	Stubby	2012-06-07	[MOD]
Despite two seperate warnings, personal comments directed at other posters have continued.
Thread closed.
[/MOD]
3986	Ice Turtle	2012-06-06	To quote Arya's answer to Jequen's request to go with him  to Braavos:"I want to. But I can't. I need to find my brother and mother. And my sister. I need to find her, too."We know that Arya won't find Cat and Robb (UnCat doesn't count) but anyone else thinks that her eventual reunion with Sansa is somehow emphasized?
3987	sennahoj	2012-06-06	I don't think it's foreshadowing anything. She may not be best friends with Sansa, but why should she exclude her from the wish to unite with her family?
3988	JCrowley90	2012-06-06	I think it was just to show how much Arya has grown up. She's beyond the petty sibling squabbles now - she's seen and done too much to be concerned with such things now. She needs to find her family and get back home.
3989	Aubry	2012-06-06	I really really hope they do get to reunite at some point. I'm so invested in the remaining Starks finding each other again and having a big group hug. Way more invested in that than in any of the bigger plots tbh.I've been thinking for awhile that I would love it if Sansa and Nymeria crossed paths at some point. If Nymeria were to protect Sansa somehow, it would be an interesting development in the direwolf warging, and on the sibling bonds of the Starks. /ot
3990	Im no Ser	2012-06-06	I really really hope they do get to reunite at some point. I'm so invested in the remaining Starks finding each other again and having a big group hug. Way more invested in that than in any of the bigger plots tbh.I've been thinking for awhile that I would love it if Sansa and Nymeria crossed paths at some point. If Nymeria were to protect Sansa somehow, it would be an interesting development in the direwolf warging, and on the sibling bonds of the Starks. /otSlight tangent:  I don't think Arya will ever come back to Westeros, and that she will be killed in the house of black and white.  Whereupon she will warg into Nymeria and run into Sansa who is fleeing the Vale for the riverlands.  Any doubt that Sansa is who she claims to be will be settled by a direwolf at her side and a huge wolf pack at her back.There's some symmetry in this - Sansa is the Stark that lost her wolf, and Arya is the Stark that has (arguably) lost her humanity.
3991	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	I don't think that was foreshadowing but GRRM said that Arya and Sansa have issues that they need to work out so I believe that they will see each other.I really really hope they do get to reunite at some point. I'm so invested in the remaining Starks finding each other again and having a big group hug. Way more invested in that than in any of the bigger plots tbh.I've been thinking for awhile that I would love it if Sansa and Nymeria crossed paths at some point. If Nymeria were to protect Sansa somehow, it would be an interesting development in the direwolf warging, and on the sibling bonds of the Starks. /otNymeria is one that I'm not sure but she may be lost to the Starks. In ACoK Bran noted that Shaggydog scared him sometimes and Nymeria is currently much more dangerous than Shaggydog was.Arya would have  to control her when she wargs. It's unclear if she did so when Nymeria got Cat's body or if that was Nymeria's doing.EDIT: Cat foresaw Arya as a warrior in ACoK and I think the only way she can do that is through Nymeria's pack or riding a dragon. She's not a Brienne. I think Arya and Nymeria will cross paths but at this point I think it's almost impossible for Nymeria to be a domesticated wolf again. She has become too wild for too long.
					
					
							Edited by ARYa_Nym, 06 June 2012 - 01:35 PM.
3992	Harrad	2012-06-06	In answer to the original question, I don't think its anymore than the fact the Arya remembers Ned told her that family has to stick together. So she adds Sansa to the end of the list of people she wants to find. The future of Arya is hidden in the mind of GRRM, but I see all the good-ish characters that are left: Arya, Jon(?), Tyrion, Dany, Sam Tarley banding together Avengers-like to fight the last alliance of baddies.
3993	ipsuel	2012-06-06	But why didn't she mention Bran/Rickon? I assume it's cuz she knows where they are (Winterfell) -- or did word get to her that they were 'killed' by Theon? I didn't think so... and I still don't... just thought it was strange to not even mention them. (Again, Arya is probably presuming they are safe at home, but I'm just curious).
3994	Im no Ser	2012-06-06	I think Arya and Nymeria will cross paths but at this point I think it's almost impossible for Nymeria to be a domesticated wolf again. She has become too wild for too long.Not only is everything you said above true, it also applies to both Arya and Nymeria.  My crackpot theory about her death aside, no one sees and does the things Arya has and comes back the same person.  The wolf who lost her pack will never play well with others.
					
					
							Edited by I'm no Ser, 06 June 2012 - 08:18 PM.
3995	7V3N	2012-06-06	"When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives."That is what I got from that. That Arya is more mature and realizes the stupid squabbles didn't matter and she loves her sister no matter what. She is family.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 06 June 2012 - 08:20 PM.
3996	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	Not only is everything you said above true, it also applies to both Arya and Nymeria.  My crackpot theory about her death aside, no one sees and does the things Arya has and comes back the same person.  The wolf who lost her pack will never play well with others.Nymeria acquired a new pack though so she may no longer see a need of her old pack. Arya herself currently doesn't have a pack besides in her dreams.
3997	7V3N	2012-06-06	Nymeria acquired a new pack though so she may no longer see a need of her old pack. Arya herself currently doesn't have a pack besides in her dreams.Well Nym's new pack may not be as important to her as her old one (with her brothers and sister). The direwolves have always shown connection. They all howl together, even when separated by half the continent. I am not giving my backing to the CPT, but Nym may not really have a new pack, just a filler.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 06 June 2012 - 08:41 PM.
3998	Autopath	2012-06-06	Nymeria was not so wild that she didn't recognize Cat's corpse and push her out of the river too.
3999	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	Well Nym's new pack may not be as important to her as her old one (with her brothers and sister). The direwolves have always shown connection. They all howl together, even when separated by half the continent. I am not giving my backing to the CPT, but Nym may not really have a new pack, just a filler.She's still connected to her old pack but IDK if she'd want to leave her new pack and rejoin them. She's in charge now like a sort of alpha female. She'd have to submit to one of her brothers if she returned to them.Ghost/Jon referred to them as her pack in the wolf dream:"Many a night his sister's pack gorged on the flesh of sheep and cows and horses, the prey of men, and sometimes even on the flesh of man himself."
4000	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	I was under the impression she forgot about her sister for a second or two meaning she completely forgot B&R which would be in line with her becoming a FM
4001	7V3N	2012-06-06	She's still connected to her old pack but IDK if she'd want to leave her new pack and rejoin them. She's in charge now like a sort of alpha female. She'd have to submit to one of her brothers if she returned to them.Ghost/Jon referred to them as her pack in the wolf dream:Yes, but we are meaning different things by pack. I mean it like family, not necessarily the group she is with. Like home. Home to you may not be where you live.
4002	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	Yes, but we are meaning different things by pack. I mean it like family, not necessarily the group she is with. Like home. Home to you may not be where you live.They were referred to as her grey cousins in the text but they're not her literal family. Her home is the wild now. I think that's more natural for a direwolf anyway but most may prefer to be beyond the wall. Arya was referred to as a forest lass in a song in ASOS. She wants to be free. Maybe Nymeria does too.It's not to say that she doesn't care about her siblings but she may be past the point of wanting to stay with them for a prolonged period.
4003	7V3N	2012-06-06	They were referred to as her grey cousins in the text but they're not her literal family.Her home is the wild now. I think that's more natural for a direwolf anyway but most may prefer to be beyond the wall. Arya was referred to as a forest lass in a song in ASOS. She wants to be free. Maybe Nymeria does too.It's not to say that she doesn't care about her siblings but she may be past the point of wanting to stay with them for a prolonged period.I interpreted her watching over the Starks as her holding on to her past.
4004	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	I interpreted her watching over the Starks as her holding on to her past.Most don't completely detach themselves from their past when they're making a new life for themselves.I definitely believe that Arya was quite near Nymeria's pack when she was with the BWB but Nymeria kept her distance even though she may have been watching over her.
					
					
							Edited by ARYa_Nym, 06 June 2012 - 10:09 PM.
4005	towerofjoy	2012-06-06	Remember Arya's last image of Sansa - standing next to the people who chopped her dad's head off. And the 2 were not speaking at the time they were separated. Because Sansa was basically being a ninny and siding with Joff against her own family. Remember it was Sansa who threw a hissy fit over being sent back north and Sansa who ran to spill the beans to Cersei. Arya didn't know this last detail but the rest doesn't exactly make for a happy reunion.
It's interesting that Sansa looks and outwardly acts like her mother, but it's really Arya who got Cat's taste for vengeance and holding a grudge.
I love the Starks overall but those kids have all been through the wringer and robbed of any sense of security and love at very young ages. I think that is going to reap all sorts of craziness moving forward. Will make for some interesting reading and eventual viewing!
4006	7V3N	2012-06-06	Most don't completely detach themselves from their past when they're making a new life for themselves. Why didn't she reveal herself to Arya then?Because Arya made it clear that she didn't want Nymeria near her when she and Jory threw rocks at Nym. Nym pulled Cat out of the river (can't remember. was it Arya?) and she protected Arya (IIRC, she killed some Bloody Mummers who went after Arya and her gang).Edited for accuracy.ETA: This brings up questions of a warg connection. We are led to believe that emotions blend between the consciousnesses when the connection is active. Is Nymeria more compassionate towards the Starks because that is how Arya feels?
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 06 June 2012 - 10:20 PM.
4007	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	Because Arya made it clear that she didn't want Arya near her when she and Jory threw rocks at her. She pulled Cat out of the River (not sure why exactly) and she protected Arya (IIRC, she killed some Bloody Mummers who went after Arya and her gang).She could have returned to Arya since they were in close proximity but she did not. She stayed with her pack. She's been with this pack for years now which should be longer than the time she spent at Winterfell.I'm not saying that she doesn't care about the Starks but there aren't signs that she will go back to being a house pet.
					
					
							Edited by ARYa_Nym, 06 June 2012 - 10:20 PM.
4008	7V3N	2012-06-06	She could have returned to Arya since they were in close proximity but she did not. She stayed with her pack. She's been with this pack for years now which should be longer than the time she spent at Winterfell.I'm not saying that she doesn't care about the Starks but there aren't signs that she will go back to being a house pet.Ned Stark: You will train them yourselves, you will feed them yourselves, and if they die, you will bury them yourselves.Arya raised Nymeria. Arya was her mother. She may not understand why Arya sent her away, but she knew Arya wanted her to leave. She constantly had "guards" watching Arya. Arya sees wolves watching her in the woods. She howls at the largest of the wolves she sees and it howls back (it was dark, so it could have been Nym). Also, even in Braavos the warg connection is still strong. Is that not proof enough that Nym is still connected to Arya in some emotional way?
4009	ARYa_Nym	2012-06-06	Ned Stark: You will train them yourselves, you will feed them yourselves, and if they die, you will bury them yourselves.Arya raised Nymeria. Arya was her mother. She may not understand why Arya sent her away, but she knew Arya wanted her to leave. She constantly had "guards" watching Arya. Arya sees wolves watching her in the woods. She howls at the largest of the wolves she sees and it howls back (it was dark, so it could have been Nym). Also, even in Braavos the warg connection is still strong. Is that not proof enough that Nym is still connected to Arya in some emotional way?The connection that they have now could be enough for her. She may not feel the need to live with her old family which could help to explain why she kept her distance from Arya when she was near.
					
					
							Edited by ARYa_Nym, 06 June 2012 - 10:41 PM.
4010	7V3N	2012-06-06	The connection that they have now could be enough for her. She may not feel the need to live with her old family which could help to explain why she kept her distance from Arya when she was near.And we have hit a standstill. Agree to disagree.
4011	TheKingofSkagos	2012-06-06	I don't recall Nymeria pulling Cat's corpse out of the river.   Guess I missed that.  Interesting though.
4012	The Last Reyne	2012-06-07	While I believe they will eventually be reunited I don't think this was some foreshadowing by the writers. More as someone said above it shows her maturing and her realization of what is important.
4013	Roose Seal	2012-06-07	I've been rooting for a Sansa/Arya reunion ever since CoK and then even more so after the snow-winterfell scene in FfC.
It'd be an incredibly underwhelming and unsatisfactory story if none of the Starks ever reunited.
4014	modehead	2012-06-07	Are we really putting this past GRRM: The Faceless One formally known as Arya Stark is directed to kill Sansa?
Also, Nymeria and her pack of wolves are going to do something awesome. Of course they are.
4015	Roose Seal	2012-06-07	Are we really putting this past GRRM: The Faceless One formally known as Arya Stark is directed to kill Sansa?Also, Nymeria and her pack of wolves are going to do something awesome. Of course they are.omg you win just cuz of your avatar. I'll shower that Queen with CLUB SAUCE.Littlefinger hires a FM to kill Sansa. Indeed, let's not put it past GRRM.
4016	7V3N	2012-06-07	Are we really putting this past GRRM: The Faceless One formally known as Arya Stark is directed to kill Sansa?Also, Nymeria and her pack of wolves are going to do something awesome. Of course they are.I too love your avatar. "BEES?! Let's see who brings in more honey!"But IIRC, a FM cannot kill somebody that they knew before they were "nobody."
4017	Craven Mummer	2012-05-29	The look on Tywin's face when he finds out Arya is missing will be priceless.
Let the lecturing and slapping begin!
(null)
4018	Arkash	2012-05-29	I dont think this will happen, I dont think anybody really cares about Arya now...
4019	victim	2012-05-29	I will actually be disappointed if this doesn't happen now. He let her slip through his fingers and I'll be damned if he never finds out.
4020	iheartseverus	2012-05-29	I dont think this will happen, I dont think anybody really cares about Arya now...Oh, I think Tywin will care, indeed.  He still believes Robb is holding Jaime captive.  All he has at this point to negotiate with are the two Stark girls.
4021	Crown	2012-05-29	Can't wait to see to look on Tywin's face when his horse shits in the Throne Room.
4022	SerMixalot	2012-05-29	FWIW I pointed this out weeks ago.  Hopefully HBO can come up with a logical explanation instead of ignoring it
4023	Pellaeon	2012-05-29	I hope for Tyrion he will be unconcious when Tywin find out who he left in Harrenhal, with Gregor Clegane. Cercei is his favorite daughter so he will probably blame Tyrion for not telling him what happend. But after the changes in the TV series he could hold Cersei and Joffrey responsable for this. But who ever will face his reaction, may the old and the new gods be with them. And Tywins face will be hilarious
4024	expean	2012-05-29	Ha i read "cant wait to see the look on TYRIONS face" which also should be interesting, considering his newly made battle scar!
4025	Maester Murks	2012-05-29	We can only hope he doesn't give Tyrion too much sh*t for it. After all, Arya had already left KL when he arrived.
btw, what does "(null)" stand for?
4026	Rhaquentis	2012-05-29	Why would Tywin blame Tyrion for it? He was not in King's Landing, it was Cersei's responsibility. Tywin is not that unreasonable; if he lashes out towards anyone, it will be her.
4027	Pellaeon	2012-05-29	Why would Tywin blame Tyrion for it? He was not in King's Landing, it was Cersei's responsibility. Tywin is not that unreasonable; if he lashes out towards anyone, it will be her.First of all why Tyrion didn't told Tywin that Arya disapear and second, to blame Tyrion for something is Tywins favorite hobby
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 29 May 2012 - 05:30 PM.
4028	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-29	Can't wait to see to look on Tywin's face when his horse shits in the Throne Room.Is this really going to happen? Cause if so I'm excited.
4029	iamsbee	2012-05-29	Would that be in this episode however? Wouldn't that come in Season 3?
4030	Pellaeon	2012-05-29	Would that be in this episode however? Wouldn't that come in Season 3?But now the viewers have the hole Tywin/Arya thing fresh in mind, why wait for season3?
4031	Rhaquentis	2012-05-29	First of all why Tyrion didn't told Tywin that Arya disapear and second, to blame Tyrion for something is Tywins favorite hobbyBut still Tyrion was busy being Hand, while Cersei was busy being drunk and she had more time to send news. I won't argue with you on the second part though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It is known.I had forgotten about the Littlefinger-Tywin scene though, where they are about to discuss the fake Arya scheme, so maybe he will be upset, but not really that much. We'll see /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4032	Zappotack	2012-05-29	He should be more pissed at Littlefinger cos LF new and he was in Harrenhal...
4033	Harrad	2012-05-30	In the book I believe Tywin knows Arya is missing soon after Ned get shortened by a head. There is no reason to think differently in the series, although not putting 2+2 for his cup maiden is an intelligence failure.
4034	K.C.	2012-05-30	He should be more pissed at Littlefinger cos LF new and he was in Harrenhal...I've been wondering where they were going with that change. Not sure what the endgame of it is.But for Littlefinger's knowledge, I would think Tywin goes on completely oblivious that the girl was Arya.
4035	victim	2012-05-30	I think Littlefinger will tell Sansa that her sister is safe or something like that so she begins to trust him more.
4036	Zappotack	2012-05-30	I think Littlefinger will tell Sansa that her sister is safe or something like that so she begins to trust him more.And that would probably be the first time she's thought of Arya
4037	Pellaeon	2012-05-30	I think Littlefinger will tell Sansa that her sister is safe or something like that so she begins to trust him more.This would be suicidal, there are many ears in the RK and if Tywin only suspect LF reconize Arya. Let's just say that would be unpleasant for LF
4038	jaqenhgar	2012-05-30	Did Tywin really meet Arya in the book? I know Roose Bolton held Harrenhal when she escaped..
4039	Catherine Storm	2012-05-30	He'll probably put 2 and 2 together and realise Arya was his cup bearer in Harrenhal. Then send word to the Mountain to Ning her back but by that time she's escaped. !!
4040	Baitac	2012-05-30	They have made it so obvious. He'd be stupid not to deduce it and we know he isn't stupid. So who will be asked to clean up the poop?
4041	The Crannogman	2012-05-30	Can't wait to see to look on Tywin's face when his horse shits in the Throne Room.I was thinking the same thing! When they showed Tywin on his horse in the throne room during the preview I got all excited. I really hope they show it... its like Renly's peach-- that scene will sorely be missed if it is left out.
4042	Zappotack	2012-05-30	He'll probably put 2 and 2 together and realise Arya was his cup bearer in Harrenhal. Then send word to the Mountain to Ning her back but by that time she's escaped. !!It's too bad they already showed her last death otherwise this would be perfect reason for her to want to escape. With all of harrenhal looking for her and Jaquen finds her
4043	Independent George	2012-05-31	TYWIN: And the other girl? The younger one?
CERSEI: She managed to escape when-
TYWIN: Escaped?
CERSEI: Yes, she-
TYWIN: When?
CERSEI: When we arrested Ned Stark. We-
TYWIN: Describe her.
CERSEI: Little animal. Short, skinny, with brown hair. She's a wild little beast who-
TYWIN: Get out. And bring me Pycelle - I need to send a Raven to Harrenhall.
4044	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-31	I must say, that would be an enjoyable scene, George.
4045	Craven Mummer	2012-05-31	Sorry for the double posting of the topic. When it didn't appear under this episode, I tried it under the Blackwater episode. 
Hope I didn't inadvertently cause the web site crash!
(null)
					
					
							Edited by Craven Mummer, 31 May 2012 - 08:47 PM.
4046	Tormund_BloggersBane	2012-06-01	Did Tywin really meet Arya in the book? I know Roose Bolton held Harrenhal when she escaped..That's what I thought. I didn't think she got a role like that in Harrenhall until Bolton captured it, and then she ended up becoming his cupbearer/leech girl.
4047	boojam	2012-06-01	Ever wonder why Tywin never asked her what her name was?
Just called her 'girl'.
4048	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-01	Would anyone dare tell Tywin she'd escaped?
Would be a funny scene but I like the image that they build of Tywin as this untouchable patriarch, a legendary, intelligent commander who never drops his guard. This image that is shattered shortly before his death when Tyrion stumbles on Shae in Tywin's bed.
4049	Lady of Long Lake	2012-06-01	Ever wonder why Tywin never asked her what her name was?Just called her 'girl'.Their conversations were so weird! I almost thought he deduced who she was.
4050	LordofWinter	2012-06-02	That's what I thought. I didn't think she got a role like that in Harrenhall until Bolton captured it, and then she ended up becoming his cupbearer/leech girl.No, in the books they don't come into contact at all. They are both at Harrenhal, but Arya never really was close to Tywin. It isn't until Roose takes over that she is made a cupbearer.
4051	boojam	2012-06-02	He should be more pissed at Littlefinger cos LF new and he was in Harrenhal...That was what I was thinking.I wonder if its LF who tells him?
4052	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-02	That was what I was thinking.I wonder if itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s LF who tells him?What, and expect to live?
4053	leo0274	2012-06-03	I can't wait to se Tyrion's face without the nose
4054	drigoly	2012-06-03	I can't wait to se Tyrion's face without the nosehe still has his nose, he only got a little scar in the TV series...
4055	Serr Parker	2012-06-03	That was what I was thinking.I wonder if its LF who tells him?Well is LF even in Kings landing now? Last we seen he was in Harrenhal and he didn't ride back with Tywin so I don't think we'll see him till S3
4056	Lady Octarina	2012-06-04	Oh, well, he didn't find out about it this season, that's a pity. I wonder if they'll bother to mention it on season 3.
4057	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Oh, well, he didn't find out about it this season, that's a pity. I wonder if they'll bother to mention it on season 3.Hopefully
4058	Crown	2012-06-04	The horse shit the Throne Room, halle-fucking-lujah!
4059	leo0274	2012-06-04	I'm disapointed with the last episode, it look like  Tywin don't even noticed what happened, and tyrion was suposed to lose his nose.
4060	Fengari	2012-06-04	Oh, well, he didn't find out about it this season, that's a pity. I wonder if they'll bother to mention it on season 3.They better. I was (and am still) so looking forward to that moment. Why create all that interaction between them if you are not going to do anything with it? Except to keep two great actors very much 'in the picture'.
4061	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I dont think this will happen, I dont think anybody really cares about Arya now...They are still fighting Robb and the North and as far as they are aware Robb still has Jamie...I think they care very much indeed. Tywin LOVES Jamie!
4062	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-05	And how does it all relate to fake Arya/Jeyne Poole? That was never really clear to me in the books, how they suddenly said, "Oh hey, here's Ned Stark's younger daughter that no one has seen in a really long time, just in time to marry Ramsey Snow/Bolton!"
4063	Reposado	2012-06-05	They better. I was (and am still) so looking forward to that moment. Why create all that interaction between them if you are not going to do anything with it? Except to keep two great actors very much 'in the picture'.your answer is the correct one. but also, to get as much use out of a set as possible.
4064	StarkWard	2012-06-05	They better. I was (and am still) so looking forward to that moment. Why create all that interaction between them if you are not going to do anything with it? Except to keep two great actors very much 'in the picture'.As they kept on showing Robb because of Richard Madden's gravity on set, they showed Arya/Tywin scenes because of the William/Dance chemistry.
4065	modehead	2012-06-07	They better. I was (and am still) so looking forward to that moment. Why create all that interaction between them if you are not going to do anything with it? Except to keep two great actors very much 'in the picture'.Totally. It was like the entire Arya/Tywin scenes added up to nothing. They were entertaining, but it was just cut dead when Tywin leaves Harrenhall.  After episode 6 to 7, I'd have bet that Arya was going to have Tywin killed. They were building it up and had screwed with the books enough to make it feasible.
4066	The Last Reyne	2012-06-04	Some one did this for the last episode and I thought it was pretty neat. So as no one has started one for this episode I thought I might give it a try.
LF: We're all liars here and everyone of us better than you.
* Snap *
Ironborn: It was a good speech, didn't want to interrupt him.
*  Snap *
Shae: You have a shit memory.
* Snap  *
Dany: Are you afraid of a little girl?
* Snap *
Okay, the rest are yours. Let's hear them.
4067	drigoly	2012-06-04	Varys: you're afraid, why? nothing dangerous down there. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
4068	Nick of the canals	2012-06-04	are these quotes we liked or quotes which are pulled from the books?
4069	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	Pycelle: "For your troubles." SNAP!
Northman: "I do know you! That's Jaime Lannister!"
Jaime: "I wish someone would've told me. I wouldn't have to steal that pig." SNAP!
Dolorous Edd: "The thing about Gilly you found soo interesting is that she said six words to you." SNAP!
4070	iheartseverus	2012-06-04	are these quotes we liked or quotes which are pulled from the books?Quotes we liked...
4071	Dolorous Nick	2012-06-04	This isn't a quote, but that shit eating grin that Pycelle was giving Tyrion throughout the entire scene was priceless!
SNAP!
4072	Chelly	2012-06-04	Theon: "You hear that. That's the mating call of the Northmen. They want to fuck us, Well, I haven't had a good fuck in weeks!"*snap*Theon: "WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIIIEEEEEEEE....*thump*Black Lorren: "I though he'd never shut up."*snap*Brienne: "Two quick deaths."*snap*and the best snap of allDany: "Dracarys."*snap*
4073	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Tyrion " What will we do?"
Shae "Eat, drink, fuck, live"
Shae's line should be the title of a new movie starring Julia Roberts
4074	Wjaykusuma	2012-06-04	Theon: "WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIIIEEEEEEEE....*thump*Black Lorren: "I though he'd never shut up."*snap*the *thump* came after "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4075	Chelly	2012-06-04	the *thump* came after "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />I might have paraphrased a bit of the diiiiiieeeeee and aaaahhhhh  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Some other good ones. Jaime/Brienne conversations be full of the *snap*Jaime: Some boys like a challenge. I bet one or two have tried to get inside Big Brienne.Brienne: One or two have tried.*snap*Jaime: I'm strong enough.Brienne: Not interested.*snap*After laying the soldiers to waste without so much as breaking a sweat.Brienne to Jaime: Stay.*snap*
4076	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Mel: Look into the fire, my King.
Stannis: I see fire.
*SNAP*
4077	Stark Winds	2012-06-05	Ahahah so many.
I don't remember them word for word, but here you go, paraphrasing like a boss:
Robb: The last person who should be talking to me about reckless is you, mother.
*SNAP*
Sam: What I find interesting about you is...nothing.
*SNAP*
4078	Dunnii	2012-06-06	Arya:.... and my sister, too.
SNAP! She still isn't sure she wants to see her sister, lol.
4079	RedRum	2012-06-06	Varys: I thought you said you knew who I was.
4080	KingWolf	2012-06-05	I am interested to hear what other people think about how the show has handled Arya. IMO I still love her and she is my favorite character, however, I do like the book version more because of the shit she is put in. Her story really is the one that shows us what the war is like from the commoners point of view. She is put in one shitty situation to another. Plus I wish they could have shown her kill that guard, one thing I found interesting about her character was just how dark she became as the books went on. She really became insensitive to the whole killing thing. So do you think her character is just as good in the show or do you also like book Arya more?
Ps: Please forgive me if this has already come up.
4081	Sel(l)mysword	2012-06-05	I totally agree. Arya's character in the books is superbly constructed on the basis of the relentless adversity GRRM throws her against. Personally, I'm looking at the next two season as the show's potential redeeming seasons for this past one. She's a badass. But if the writers of the show keep half-assing the terrible crap she has to go thru she'll just look like an idiot when she goes to Braavos.
4082	Autopath	2012-06-05	She'll be slicin' and dicin' it up in that tavern with the Hound. They can't leave that out!
					
					
							Edited by Autopath, 05 June 2012 - 09:34 PM.
4083	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	I love her in the show, but I would have rather seen more from the book... what she went through was important and I am sad to lose it.
4084	Tenlaar	2012-06-05	I feel like they have removed almost all of the terrible, utterly depraved cruelty and the constant mind-numbing terror that she experienced and that ultimately led her to decide  "never again."
And that is such a let down.
4085	Slurktan	2012-06-06	I quite like the changes they made to the Arya character and most importantly her plotline.  They cut away most of the dross and made up some good stuff with Tywin.  Then again IMO Arya is easily the most needless character in both ACoK and ASoS so really any changes were helpful.
4086	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-06	Completely gutted her character, she is an entirely changed person after Harrenhal.  But in the show she's essentially the same as before, no character development at all.
4087	sennahoj	2012-06-06	Arya is one of my favourite POVs in the books and I liked her on the show a lot as well. But how can you say there was no character development? Just because she didn't kill that guard herself? Arya killed a boy her own age in season 1, and ordered the deaths of several men in Harrenhal. How much more ruthless can a teenage girl get? Much more important, after losing everything at the end of season 1, Arya learns to trust people again (Yoren, Gendry, Jaqen), which I don't think is a small development after that experience. Arya has seen another father figure killed, friends tortured, for a time she came to respect (and like even) the man who should be one of her worst enemies. Despite some smart-ass remarks to Tywin, on the whole Arya kept her head down low and played the mouse in Harrenhal. And even though the arc with Jaqen played out differently, she tricked him into helping her escape by naming him, and received the coin at the end.
How that accounts for no development is beyond me.
4088	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-06	No development because she's still the same person as she was at the end of season 1. 
They're is no sign that she's been hardened by her experience.  Ordering someone else to kill is not the same as doing the deed oneself, that precisely why the Starks require "the man who passes the sentence must swing the sword", because they understood that it's not the same.
Arya character in the book by the end was a very angry, very bitter,  very determined and very vengeful.  Where do you see that in the TV show?  Weasel soup, and the killing of the guard, was all about her taking control of her destiny and gaining agency.  Instead she gets Jaquen to do everything for her on the TV show.   She doesn't lift a finger to do any of it,
4089	Salome Sand Witch	2012-06-06	I'm in agreement.  I think the loss of the weasel soup was a key moment lost to the development of Arya's character.  She not only demands the death of many men, but is complicit in making it happen with no remorse.  That's pretty huge if you ask me.
4090	SerMixalot	2012-06-06	As important and disturbing as Arya killing is, her state of living is equally important to her development, in the books she goes from hiding her identity and gender while walking to the wall, wandering the woods, becomes a sheep and a mouse, Arry, weasel etc.  The point is that she is learning through hard experience to move silently to hide, to take on other identities.  The intensity of those actions are critical to her development into a FM.
4091	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-06	They kind of dropped the ball on her stay at Harrenhal. The almost Dickensian levels of abuse she was getting in the books didn't translater to screen. It kinda showed just how tough a girl Arya was, going from the priveleged life of a Lord's daughter to being kicked awake each morning by Weese etc. And she takes it all on the chin, up until Jaqen gives her the power to get some revenge.
Show Arya is Tywin's fecking cupbearer. Hardly a tough life. Sure, she gets a bit of abuse from the Lannister men but that's hardly scarring.
Maybe it will be the aftermath of RW when we see her harden up considerably. I reckon if RW happens in episode 9, they will have the fight against Lannister men (in the inn in the books, probably located elsewhere in the show) alongside the Hound into episode 10. Her season ending with her leaving the Hound to "die" from wounds fighting the Lannisters. But this is just guesswork. Can't see them including all the Hound and Arya's travels down the rivers and into the Vale in the show.
4092	Autopath	2012-06-06	The only moment you need to know that her character has already been permanently changed, is when she relays all the glorious legends of the Young Wolf, tales any normal child would buy into and believe, and then she looks at Tywin with that deadness in her eyes and says "Anyone can be killed."
4093	The Nerdly Knight	2012-06-06	I really enjoy her character in the books (one of my top five), and she's good in the show too but her potential isn't being met. Like a few others have said Harrenhall just really dropped down everything for her in the show. Yes the Tywin Lannister thing was a neat sub-story but I would have rather seen the books story here, especially her kill escaping the castle. She didn't need Jaqen to finally leave the castle, instead he helped put everything in place and she took the first step in her transformation.
I really look forward to seeing how things shape up for her in Season 3 though. The actress playing her is superb and really captures Arya, they just need to utilize her awesome story from the book,
4094	The Monkey	2012-06-06	I agree to a degree, but I have to say that the Arya/Tywin pairing made for damn good television. They could have remedied the lack of suffering by having an episode of Arya's life as The Mountain's cupbearer (which as we all know wouldn't have been pleasant), and and think one cold-blooded murder was vital to end her storyline this season, as it would leave viewers questioning where her character is headed.
Shame.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 06 June 2012 - 07:13 AM.
4095	Bearsblood8	2012-06-06	I agree that Arya killing the soldier to exit Harrenhal is a pivotal moment.  The only "take the bull by the horns" moments we have from Arya at Harrenhal in the show are 1) Arya trying to steal battle plans from one of the most dangerous men in Westeros and 2) Arya threatening / outsmarting a skilled assassin.  Both of these are pretty bold moves, but neither is vicious.  I think it's a willingness to be absolutely vicious that begins to define Arya.
4096	Spearmother	2012-06-06	Considering the speed with which the other story lines were developing (apart from Dany's maybe), I could have gone without three episodes of Arya being Lord Tywin's cup bearer. Although, I have to admit, the scenes between them were excellent. I still would have liked to see her with Roose Bolton... Aah, all the changes are making me dizzy !  ...  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
4097	sarah.jenice	2012-06-06	I really enjoyed Arya this season and her scenes with Tywin, but I do think they are missing her character ark.
I'm worried that they are afraid to make a young girl as violent as Arya becomes and that would be terrible. Even in Season 1 when she kills the boy in King's Landing, she just stands up and more accidentally stabs him than making a conscious decision to "stick him with the pointy end." And, if I am not mistaken, killing the guard at Harrenhal isn't her only personal kill in the book. Doesn't she fight before they escape the holdfast where Yorren is killed? I am not certain if she kills anyone, but I remember her fighting and stabbing at men climbing up the ladders to breech the holdfast.
They still have plenty of time to turn things around, but I think they have to have her kill at the inn with the Hound or it will be really unbelievable that she's training to become a FM when she's only killed on boy in King's Landing.
4098	SerMilady	2012-06-06	I was so disappointed that they skipped Arya killing the guard. That, out of ALL the scenes to look forward to in Season 2, was the one I could visualize the best. Rain falling. Arya slicing the guard's throat, whispering "Valar Morghulis" with that dead/blank stare Maisie does so well. If we're talking things that translate well to television, THAT was one of them. Shame.
4099	nearthewoods	2012-06-06	As much as I stick up for the series, I agree that Arya's character has been a little short-sided (no pun intended) with HBO. In order to survive in this most ruthless world, Arya had to essentially numb herself...and this sociopath tint to her development is what allowed her to become the very dark person she turned so willingly into. Killing the guard was definitely the point of no return...as we see in the HBO series, she accidentally killed that stable boy, and ordering deaths is not exactly the same as undertaking it yourself. In my opinion. I wish the show had shown her killing somebody with intent. While I look forward to her scenes with the Hound, it was not just some innocent joyride through the flooded countryside. I feel like the Hound teaching her how to stab someone cleanly through the heart, et cetera, and her time spent with this cold-blooded killer in his own right is what finally solidified what she was to become. A lot of that will loose it's meaning if tv!Arya does not initiate this change herself, first...so here's hoping we see something like that next season.
4100	Harrad	2012-06-06	No harm, no foul. Arya is still the same. Killing the stable boy is a clear killing for reason to all series viewers. Ordering the deaths of others are more. Contemplating killing Tywin is another. Wanting to go with Jaquen is still more. I don't find her as dark as many say even in the books. Was Ned Stark dark because he killed countless foes? Arya is just doing it in the only way that a 75 lb weakling can in a medieval world.
4101	GoodGuyA	2012-06-06	They've delayed her arc. It makes sense, given that nothing of that arc is even displayed until after Book 3's pivotal moment. I have a feeling that the entirety of her Season 4 character will be frustrated to the core, and only the next step in her life will be able to calm her down. The character has not been butchered as some claim, merely not developed in the same way this Season. The thing about development is that we cannot assume that it happened when we don't see it. Unless you really want some invented action scenes in Arya's storyline, there's no way to demonstrate her supposed "descent" until much later.
4102	Mikey	2012-06-06	I think that Arya's character in Series 1 was great, stuck to the books and some great character development went on there. Then series 2 rolled around, and she's serving Tywin as the maid, but that's not what happens in the books until much later if I recall. She tells Jaqen the wrong names in the show, to in the books, it irked me somewhat that they've changed her character's story arc around a little in the show vs the books.
4103	sennahoj	2012-06-06	I agree with GoodGuyA about delaying her arc. For the show it makes sense to space out her development more over the seasons (at least 3 and 4 for everything in ASOS). In the books I was so disappointed how few chapters Arya had after ASOS. In my opinion it would make her character a bit frustrating to watch in the future if she made the transition to cold-blooded killer too quickly and then being stuck in a place Daenerys-style and not having much to do anymore until her time has come in GRRM's scheme of things to return and kick ass.
4104	Mulled Wino	2012-06-06	No harm, no foul. Arya is still the same. Killing the stable boy is a clear killing for reason to all series viewers. Ordering the deaths of others are more. Contemplating killing Tywin is another. Wanting to go with Jaquen is still more. I don't find her as dark as many say even in the books. Was Ned Stark dark because he killed countless foes? Arya is just doing it in the only way that a 75 lb weakling can in a medieval world.She's nowhere near as dark as in the book, but i think its sufficient.  It would take the entire 10 hrs of the season to adequately tell arya's story.Obviously book arya (the best character imo) smashes show arya.  But show arya is still a bamf.
4105	History of Westeros	2012-06-04	That was clearly not Julian Glover as Pycelle, but I can't find the name of the new actor.  Anyone know what happened there?
4106	End of Disc One	2012-06-04	What?  How was that not him?
4107	Talleyrand	2012-06-04	It was Julian Glover.
4108	Sir Cadogan	2012-06-04	I had the same impression, he looked much younger and healthier. Maybe it was just the acting and the light, but I can't tell for sure.
4109	McTrigger	2012-06-04	That was Glover without any doubt whatsoever.
4110	Chalkius Stark	2012-06-04	It was Glover. He just wasn't acting as frail and doddery.
4111	BinkyBonks	2012-06-04	Later in the episode, he's hunched and senile as he usually is. This posture is only an act. Tyrion isn't Hand anymore, so there's no need for Pycelle to be cautious.
4112	Bayard	2012-06-04	Dude, it was the same actor /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> .... only without a beard, remember that Tyrion cut it?
4113	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	Yeah, it was the same actor. He just acted like the Inidana Jones villain he is. And he's trimmed his beard /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Also, I loved him in this episode.
"For your troubles." Total badass xD
4114	Hooter	2012-06-04	We had a hint of this earlier - Pycelle's first whorehouse scene in season 1, where after she leaves he jumps up & does some exercises. The doddering old fool routine is an act put on by one of King's Landing's champion survivors.
4115	MMOWarrior	2012-06-04	God I wanted to slap him lastnight...  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4116	Triskan	2012-06-04	I have to admit that I was like "Wait, is that the same guy?" right in the first scene in which he appeared, but there was no doubt after additional scenes.
4117	victim	2012-06-04	I think the real topic of conversation should be why he puts on the act of frailty?
4118	Im no Ser	2012-06-04	I think the real topic of conversation should be why he puts on the act of frailty?So his enemies underestimate him - because nobody spends their evenings trying to figure out how to outwit a senile old man.
4119	Gloria	2012-06-04	I had the same impression, it wasn't just the posture; his face appeared fuller and he seemed younger.  I'd have bet money it wasn't him.  Pycelle in earlier episodes seemed stick-thin and ancient, in this episode he was just sort of old looking.  I'm specifically thinking of the scene where he's sitting on the edge of his bed (in the whorehouse, or maybe in his own chamber) and going on about something or other - he was near emaciated.  I remember thinking how the girl he was with might break him in half by accident /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4120	Tobin	2012-06-04	Yeah, it was the same actor. He just acted like the Inidana Jones villain he is. And he's trimmed his beard /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />He's been a villain long before that that, /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4121	DurararaFTW	2012-06-05	I had the same impression, it wasn't just the posture; his face appeared fuller and he seemed younger.  I'd have bet money it wasn't him.  Pycelle in earlier episodes seemed stick-thin and ancient, in this episode he was just sort of old looking.  I'm specifically thinking of the scene where he's sitting on the edge of his bed (in the whorehouse, or maybe in his own chamber) and going on about something or other - he was near emaciated.  I remember thinking how the girl he was with might break him in half by accident /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />It's because his schoolgirl crush Tywin is around. He's using the expensive make up now.
4122	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-06-05	Trust me, we've been used to seeing Julian Glover on our screens in the UK for donkeys' years.  That was him.  In fact, in his scene with Tyrion he was far more like the JG we know and love than in his usual doddery Pycelle bits. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4123	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	I think the real topic of conversation should be why he puts on the act of frailty?I think the real question is why did he let down that facade.  Tyrion may no longer be Hand, but he is still a Lannister, still a schemer and still can report that Pycelle isn't exactly as he seems.
4124	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I think the real question is why did he let down that facade.  Tyrion may no longer be Hand, but he is still a Lannister, still a schemer and still can report that Pycelle isn't exactly as he seems.Tyrion isn't going to remember anything that happened in the state he is in. Pycelle probably had him drugged up, and Tyrion is not on anyone's good side right now. Cersei is going to tell Tywin that Tyrion brought his whore (even if she didn't have the right one, Tywin won't care).
4125	Ferrous	2012-06-05	I think the real question is why did he let down that facade.  Tyrion may no longer be Hand, but he is still a Lannister, still a schemer and still can report that Pycelle isn't exactly as he seems.Except Pycelle is Tywin's spy.Tywin already knows Pycelle is playing games- because Pycelle is working for Tywin.
4126	Indigocell	2012-06-06	It was the same actor, the reason he seemed so different is because he was gloating, it was a small victory for him after what Tyrion did.  Tyrion had no more power within King's Landing so Pycelle was just flaunting that fact, obviously.
4127	Khal Pono	2012-06-06	Props to Mr. Glover for pulling off his gloating alterego so completely that some viewers didn't even recognize the "real" Pycelle when he was unveiled, his doddering act cast aside.
I was initially sad that Roy Dotrice got sick and couldn't play Pycelle in the TV series, but Glover nails the role, IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 06 June 2012 - 11:15 AM.
4128	Aemon Stark	2012-06-06	Well, we know at least that his villainy doesn't always work out so well. But he did warn Indy not to trust *anyone*.
4129	Parise	2012-06-06	I totally thought he was somebody else too, because he looked and sounded so different. I'd never seen Julian Glover as anybody else than Pycelle though.
4130	Drunken Bard	2012-06-04	Were any of your non book readers a little confused as to the difference between a white walker(other) and a wight. The majority of my friends just assumed they were all zombies, and said "The walking dead is coming" in that AMC voice your always hearing.
4131	Maistre	2012-06-04	There were White Walkers and then dead people that they had raised to fight for them, I could clearly see the difference.
4132	Adam West	2012-06-04	There were White Walkers and then dead people that they had raised to fight for them, I could clearly see the difference.I thought the "Others" were the ones who turn dead men into "White Walkers"? I honestly thought the visual adaptation was marvelous. They did an excellent job in creating the Others and I loved it.
4133	Gerdan_Redsnow	2012-06-04	Were those White Walkers though or were they really old Wights?
4134	Studlymuffin	2012-06-04	I though the Others are the White Walkers and they turn dead things into Wights?
4135	Reposado	2012-06-04	I thought the "Others" were the ones who turn dead men into "White Walkers"? I honestly thought the visual adaptation was marvelous. They did an excellent job in creating the Others and I loved it.nah others and white walkers are the same.  i think they stopped using others as much for the show was because of lost.
4136	Syrio Lives	2012-06-04	Correct. The Others of the books were renamed White Walkers so ss not to be confused with a show called Lost. The white Walkers animate dead, even animals, who are called wights. The thing that tried to kill Lord Commander Mormont was a wights, a dead man come back to life. Burning bodies is how the Wildings prevent more Wights from coming back from death to fight them.
4137	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	The Others are an actual race of humanoids from the Lands of Always Winter.
Wights are reanimated corpses aka zombie aka the walking dead
4138	VivaVictarion2	2012-06-05	Perhaps more confusing then using the somewhat ambiguous term "Other" would be if the HBO folks called them "White Walkers", even though they are frequently depicted alongside creatures known as "Wights." People unfamiliar with the books could mistakingly hear White Walker, Wight Walker, Whites, Wight White Walker, White, White Walker; even more confusing for some (most?) non-readers because they wouldn't know what the term wight means, in it's real world context.Oh wait.
4139	Clariana	2012-06-05	The one on the horse directing the others was a White Walker (the WW formally known as Benjen Stark) right?  Those following were wights.
4140	Morvran	2012-06-05	Perhaps more confusing then using the somewhat ambiguous term "Other" would be if the HBO folks called them "White Walkers", even though they are frequently depicted alongside creatures known as "Wights." People unfamiliar with the books could mistakingly hear White Walker, Wight Walker, Whites, Wight White Walker, White, White Walker; even more confusing for some (most?) non-readers because they wouldn't know what the term wight means, in it's real world context.Oh wait.I know right?  They didn't use the word 'Others' to avoid confusion with fans of Lost, but now the term they chose directly tangles with the main term (Walkers) in the new popular show 'The Walking Dead', which ironically I would imagine shares a strong percentage of the fan base.  ....so can we just go back to Others??
4141	The BlackBear	2012-06-05	Was no one else incredibly disapointed by the Other's? All I've heard is praise for them. They're meant to be inhuman and unknowable by humans, (if I recall correctly they look like they're made of ice). They just looked like blue guys, not threatening in the least.
4142	Arkash	2012-06-05	No I am quite satisfied for reasons I've expressed some other place (dont remember where).
The funny thing is that if you look closely at the wights on the last shot, you will see some of the guys have been duplicated in different movments (mostly the half-naked long-blond-haired guy), we see the same wildling shield that has been used in other scenes, and sometimes, some of them are poorly incrusted in the image (look at their feet)... but otherwise, great shot.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 05 June 2012 - 08:19 AM.
4143	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	No I am quite satisfied for reasons I've expressed some other place (dont remember where).The funny thing is that if you look closely at the wights on the last shot, you will see some of the guys have been duplicated in different movments (mostly the half-naked long-blond-haired guy), we see the same wildling shield that has been used in other scenes, and sometimes, some of them are poorly incrusted in the image (look at their feet)... but otherwise, great shot.Ahh give them a break its only TV!!!
4144	Arkash	2012-06-05	Yeah I know, that is why I'm saying I am very satisfied of this scene, but I found it amusing to spot the little flaws, but just for fun, otherwise, great scene !
4145	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I was a little put off by showing the Other so vividly. I think it would have been much scarier and foreboding to keep them mostly hidden as they have done all series...
4146	Versiroth	2012-06-05	SPOILERSThe one on the horse directing the others was a White Walker (the WW formally known as Benjen Stark) right?  Those following were wights. Cold Hands is a wight, not a White Walker.  White Walkers are an actual race of creatures.  Wights are just reanimated corpses that White Walkers use for battle.   I believe Benjen was killed and turned into a wight before the children of the forest returned him to his own mind (tough he's still a wight).
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 05 June 2012 - 08:31 AM.
4147	Roboginger	2012-06-05	The one on the horse directing the others was a White Walker (the WW formally known as Benjen Stark) right?  Those following were wights.My friend pointed this out to me, I was under the impression that he was floating around somewhere, has this been confirmed? or just a theory?
4148	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	The one on the horse directing the others was a White Walker (the WW formally known as Benjen Stark) right?  Those following were wights.As far as we know from the books, the White Walkers/Others are a completely different species of beings so a human cannot become a White Walker. The ones you saw on horses with the ice swords are White Walkers and the reanimate the dead human bodies that become wights. If Benjen Stark is dead and was in the army approaching the Fist of the First Men, he would only be a wight.
4149	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	My friend pointed this out to me, I was under the impression that he was floating around somewhere, has this been confirmed? or just a theory?If you really, really want to know:
	Spoiler Up until A Dance with Dragons, there has been no official confirmation on what happened to Benjen. There is a character that appears in A Storm of Swords and is still around in A Dance with Dragons that many people believe is Benjen, but it has not been proven as his face remains covered the entire time he is seen.
4150	Clariana	2012-06-05	... Do the Starks really need the intervention of the CotF... I thought that there was a legend about one who became undead but still remained in his seat for many years as his mind was intact.
I think the big nose was a giveaway...
4151	House Balstroko	2012-06-05	I think there's definitely more to the WW than meets the eye. Maybe they face their own kind of crisis and are fighting for survival. Or perhaps there was a time when they were the dominant race on Westeros and they want to reclaim their power?Just some thoughts.
4152	Morvran	2012-06-05	Cold Hands is a wight, not a White Walker.  White Walkers are an actual race of creatures.  Wights are just reanimated corpses that White Walkers use for battle.   I believe Benjen was killed and turned into a wight before the children of the forest returned him to his own mind (tough he's still a wight).I was going to say, "Is Cold Hands a wight?  Because he doesn't display the characteristics of one (i.e. he has his mental whits about him)" but then I read the rest of your post.  So you're suggesting that CH is Benjen, who was made a wight, and then the children of the forest essentially 'upgraded' him?
4153	Clariana	2012-06-05	Frankly I think it more consistent that CH is the WW formally known as BB Benjen Stark. As I said I think it was Bran who recalls granny telling him about an evil Stark who lived undead for over an century...
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 05 June 2012 - 02:54 PM.
4154	protar	2012-06-05	My mum thought that they were wildlings /facepalm.
4155	Black Crow	2012-06-05	Frankly I think it more consistent that CH is the WW formally known as BB Benjen Stark. As I said I think it was Bran who recalls granny telling him about an evil Stark who lived undead for over an century...I assume you're talking about the Nights King:The gathering gloom put Bran in mind of another of Old Nanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stories, the tale of Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King. He had been the thirteenth man to lead the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch, she said; a warrior who knew no fear. â<U+0080><U+009C>And that was the fault in him,â<U+0080><U+009D> she would add, â<U+0080><U+009C>for all men must know fear.â<U+0080><U+009D> A woman was his downfall; a woman glimpsed from atop the Wall, with skin as white as the moon and eyes like blue stars. Fearing nothing, he chased her and caught her and loved her, though her skin was cold as ice, and when he gave his seed to her he gave his soul as well.He brought her back to the Nightfort and proclaimed her a queen and himself her king, and with strange sorceries he bound his Sworn Brothers to his will. For thirteen years they had ruled, Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King and his corpse queen, till finally the Stark of Winterfell and Joramun of the wildlings had joined to free the Watch from bondage. After his fall, when it was found he had been sacrificing to the Others, all records of Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King had been destroyed, his very name forbidden.â<U+0080><U+009C>Some say he was a Bolton,â<U+0080><U+009D> Old Nan would always end. â<U+0080><U+009C>Some say a Magnar out of Skagos, some say Umber, Flint, or Norrey. Some would have you think he was a Woodfoot, from them who ruled Bear island before the ironmen came. He never was. He was a Stark, the brother of the man who brought him down.â<U+0080><U+009D> She always pinched Bran on the nose then, he would never forget it. â<U+0080><U+009C>He was a Stark of Winterfell, and who can say? Mayhaps his name was Brandon. Mayhaps he slept in this very bed in this very room.â<U+0080><U+009D>
4156	Tytus	2012-06-05	Frankly I think it more consistent that CH is the WW formally known as BB Benjen Stark. As I said I think it was Bran who recalls granny telling him about an evil Stark who lived undead for over an century...Even if Coldhands is Benjen, he still wouldn't be a White Walker...
4157	smallfolktypeperson	2012-06-05	So are the Others supposed to be made of ice/snow? The one on horseback looked very interesting and I knew I was looking at a WW because of the bright blue eyes, but I'm confused as to whether they are covered with snow or some sort of white hair...I don't remember any real detail from the books except their height, and the eyes.
4158	Lord commander_Snow	2012-06-05	BTW in the book it is totally different; wights attack the fist and the survivors[ people who ran with mormont. they were in the forest when Sam,    
Grenn and small Paul fell behind when emerges from the darkness in pale armor and with a magic ice sword riding a dead horse. sam pissed himself and pull out his dragon glass dagger then closes his eyes and charges and accidentally stabs the other in the throat. the white walker then melts/dissolves.
4159	Coldhands' Elk	2012-06-05	What I found weird was how the portrayal of the Others/White Walkers has changed in the TV series. Remember in the season one prologue where we get a few glimpses of them? They had dark, ghoulish faces.http://awoiaf.wester...WhiteWalker.jpgThis seemed to continue far into season 2 until the last episode:http://images2.wikia...Walker_2x02.pngAnd now we have the gaunt, pale-white and wrinkly old White Walker we see in S02E10.http://images4.wikia...Whitewalker.jpgAnybody else find this interesting? Or is it just the lighting and me being stupid.
					
					
							Edited by quigley, 05 June 2012 - 08:41 PM.
4160	Morrigan	2012-06-06	Probably lightning or bad VFX.
Personally I'm not sure what to think of the design of the Others in the show. I don't care much for the treebark-looking skin, and I really wanted to see the cool reflective armour. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4161	StarkWard	2012-06-06	For some reason, they reminded me of Avatars (Cameron's version) and Treebeard (LOTR). *shrug*
4162	Sword in the Morning	2012-06-06	What I found weird was how the portrayal of the Others/White Walkers has changed in the TV series. Remember in the season one prologue where we get a few glimpses of them? They had dark, ghoulish faces.Some have suggested that their skin "camouflages" to their surroundings. This would reference (although not replicate) the effects of their armor from the books, which were like active camouflage. So, seeing them in the dark under the trees, their skin would go dark to make them less visible--then with the white, snowy backdrop, they're pale. (what's up with that, by the way? The Others aren't supposed to come out during the day)
					
					
							Edited by Ser Goldenhand the Just, 06 June 2012 - 01:43 AM.
4163	Hamitt	2012-06-06	I thought maybe the tree bark-like skin was intentional and they were trying to hint at some connection between the Others and the weirwoods?
4164	Justin Danford	2012-06-06	Maybe they are GRRM version of "elves"
4165	Sword in the Morning	2012-06-06	Maybe they are GRRM version of "elves"To borrow heavily from the words of a greater man than I--The Others aren't in the same ballpark as elves; it ain't even the same god-damn sport.
4166	Justin Danford	2012-06-06	I agree, but the seems to be a whole "dark elf" thing going on with them.
4167	Hamitt	2012-06-06	The Children of the Forest are kind of like elves, dont remember if there has been any mention of them in the tv series yet.  But they are an ancient race just like the Others and I think they may be connected somehow
4168	Catherine Storm	2012-06-06	I assume you're talking about the Nights King:The gathering gloom put Bran in mind of another of Old Nanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stories, the tale of Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King. He had been the thirteenth man to lead the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch, she said; a warrior who knew no fear. â<U+0080><U+009C>And that was the fault in him,â<U+0080><U+009D> she would add, â<U+0080><U+009C>for all men must know fear.â<U+0080><U+009D> A woman was his downfall; a woman glimpsed from atop the Wall, with skin as white as the moon and eyes like blue stars. Fearing nothing, he chased her and caught her and loved her, though her skin was cold as ice, and when he gave his seed to her he gave his soul as well.He brought her back to the Nightfort and proclaimed her a queen and himself her king, and with strange sorceries he bound his Sworn Brothers to his will. For thirteen years they had ruled, Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King and his corpse queen, till finally the Stark of Winterfell and Joramun of the wildlings had joined to free the Watch from bondage. After his fall, when it was found he had been sacrificing to the Others, all records of Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King had been destroyed, his very name forbidden.â<U+0080><U+009C>Some say he was a Bolton,â<U+0080><U+009D> Old Nan would always end. â<U+0080><U+009C>Some say a Magnar out of Skagos, some say Umber, Flint, or Norrey. Some would have you think he was a Woodfoot, from them who ruled Bear island before the ironmen came. He never was. He was a Stark, the brother of the man who brought him down.â<U+0080><U+009D> She always pinched Bran on the nose then, he would never forget it. â<U+0080><U+009C>He was a Stark of Winterfell, and who can say? Mayhaps his name was Brandon. Mayhaps he slept in this very bed in this very room.â<U+0080><U+009D>Creepy story! Old Nan's stories are scary even by way of a forum post /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />My cousin (a non reader), after watching the episode, was quite positive that the WW was Benjen Stark.Then he asked, if Craster's sons were offered to the WW's - do they make wight babies, or just get eaten up for strength?I knocked off the books about a week each late last year so I guess it's time to start rereading!
4169	Spearmother	2012-06-06	I thought the Other on the dead horse looked great, and my thought at that moment was "This is surely the first of many times Sam pisses himself" but quigley above is right. It seems the makers of the show hadn't quite made up their mind up until that moment what the Others would look like. Still, I found it a good ending to the season, and seeing an actual Other as a sentient being made me think a lot about their real motivation.
4170	Clariana	2012-06-06	I assume you're talking about the Nights King:The gathering gloom put Bran in mind of another of Old Nanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stories, the tale of Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King. He had been the thirteenth man to lead the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch, she said; a warrior who knew no fear. â<U+0080><U+009C>And that was the fault in him,â<U+0080><U+009D> she would add, â<U+0080><U+009C>for all men must know fear.â<U+0080><U+009D> A woman was his downfall; a woman glimpsed from atop the Wall, with skin as white as the moon and eyes like blue stars. Fearing nothing, he chased her and caught her and loved her, though her skin was cold as ice, and when he gave his seed to her he gave his soul as well.He brought her back to the Nightfort and proclaimed her a queen and himself her king, and with strange sorceries he bound his Sworn Brothers to his will. For thirteen years they had ruled, Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King and his corpse queen, till finally the Stark of Winterfell and Joramun of the wildlings had joined to free the Watch from bondage. After his fall, when it was found he had been sacrificing to the Others, all records of Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King had been destroyed, his very name forbidden.â<U+0080><U+009C>Some say he was a Bolton,â<U+0080><U+009D> Old Nan would always end. â<U+0080><U+009C>Some say a Magnar out of Skagos, some say Umber, Flint, or Norrey. Some would have you think he was a Woodfoot, from them who ruled Bear island before the ironmen came. He never was. He was a Stark, the brother of the man who brought him down.â<U+0080><U+009D> She always pinched Bran on the nose then, he would never forget it. â<U+0080><U+009C>He was a Stark of Winterfell, and who can say? Mayhaps his name was Brandon. Mayhaps he slept in this very bed in this very room.â<U+0080><U+009D>That's the one! And he was the brother of the Stark who bought him down... Or how about uncle...
4171	Targaryen loyalist	2012-06-05	Correct me if I'm wrong, but Arya didn't pick up Needle when she fled Harrenhall.
I imagined that Jaqen would have given it to her during their meeting together with the coin, but I was wrong.
How do you think Arya will get Needle back? I think it's quite important for her plotline (as the thing that reminds her of being a Stark during the FM training).
I do really hope the writers have not forgotten about this and needle just pops up again in Arya's possessions next season.
4172	Silverx2	2012-06-05	Arya did not get needle back till she killed poliver at the inn with the hound.
4173	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	Silver is correct. Doesn't she make do with another, heavy sword for a while or something? At one point considering taking up archery so she can be like one of the Brotherhood (forget his name)?
4174	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	Arya did not get needle back till she killed poliver at the inn with the hound.Yes
4175	gogorath	2012-06-05	Silver is correct. Doesn't she make do with another, heavy sword for a while or something? At one point considering taking up archery so she can be like one of the Brotherhood (forget his name)?Anguy, I believe.
4176	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	But the Tickler is already dead now, Jaqen killed him. I do not even remember if we saw someone supposed to be Polliver, and nobody would remember him after two seasons. I think they will find a different way for Arya to get Needle back.Or maybe Needle will not even make an appearance again, which would be bad.Silver is correct. Doesn't she make do with another, heavy sword for a while or something? At one point considering taking up archery so she can be like one of the Brotherhood (forget his name)?I always hoped Arya would try archery in the books, once she considered it. She can shoot in the show though, she showed it in the first episode of the first season.
4177	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	I always hoped Arya would try archery in the books, once she considered it. She can shoot in the show though, she showed it in the first episode of the first season.Correct. I remember rewatching season one after reading up past the book scene in question and thinking "Eh, that's not right, Arya doesn't know archery."Then immediately thinking "oh crap, I've become one of those nitpicking readers." /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I think Needle will end up in the possession of some random Lannister men. The Hound and Arya will probably end up taking them all out, although not in the inn.N.B. Which reminds me, it's a shame that they didn't make more of an effort to make that inn a memorable place in the show.This one little place where so many important characters (Tywin, Cat, Arya, The Hound, Tyrion, Brienne) converge at different points of the book, "crossing roads" on each of their own stories.
4178	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	Correct. I remember rewatching season one after reading up past the book scene in question and thinking "Eh, that's not right, Arya doesn't know archery."Then immediately thinking "oh crap, I've become one of those nitpicking readers." /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I think Needle will end up in the possession of some random Lannister men. The Hound and Arya will probably end up taking them all out, although not in the inn.N.B. Which reminds me, it's a shame that they didn't make more of an effort to make that inn a memorable place in the show.This one little place where so many important characters (Tywin, Cat, Arya, The Hound, Tyrion, Brienne) converge at different points of the book, "crossing roads" on each of their own stories.There is nothing wrong with being a nitpicker reader, shows you have a good memory. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />This is probably how it will happen. Tickler and Polliver or whoever it was were not that important for the overall story anyway, Arya already made her revenge on Tickler now and it could still develop much as it did it the books, only with some random soldiers.The inn in the books was where many important things happened, but I think that is one of the things that is reasonable to expect that will not make it into the show. They do not have that much time to explain which inn exactly it is.
4179	KingWolf	2012-06-05	I hope that Polliver replaces the Tickler for the tavren scene. I like Arya's plot in the show, but I loved the book one more, seeing her become desensitive to killing is really a big part of her character IMO.
4180	Independent George	2012-06-05	I hope that Polliver replaces the Tickler for the tavren scene. I like Arya's plot in the show, but I loved the book one more, seeing her become desensitive to killing is really a big part of her character IMO.Polliver was already in the original tavern scene, and he had Needle in his belt. He's not replacing anyone.The Tickler could very well be replaced at the tavern by his assistant (the taller guy with the beard). If so, there's really not net deviation from the books.
4181	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	I hope that Polliver replaces the Tickler for the tavren scene. I like Arya's plot in the show, but I loved the book one more, seeing her become desensitive to killing is really a big part of her character IMO.I think that this is what is happening. Poliver was cast this season, and he very much was shown taking Needle, and there was a couple of shots later with him carrying the sword
4182	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	The Tickler could very well be replaced at the tavern by his assistant (the taller guy with the beard). If so, there's really not net deviation from the books.I hate to break it to you but I think that was Gregor Clegane...Edit: Oh wait, just rewatched it, yeah the guy who puts the rats in the buckets had a beard. Thought you meant the chap who picks the torture victims.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 05 June 2012 - 03:25 PM.
4183	Sand11751	2012-06-05	In Ep 4 Polliver's the one the old woman asks for some food, until he kicks her. Later, he's threatening Arya for looking at him, just before Tywin arrives. Polliver has Needle hanging on his sword belt then.
4184	A Bear covered in Fluff	2012-06-05	yes polliver is the ijiot who didnt know Arya was a girl /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4185	KingWolf	2012-06-05	Polliver was already in the original tavern scene, and he had Needle in his belt. He's not replacing anyone.The Tickler could very well be replaced at the tavern by his assistant (the taller guy with the beard). If so, there's really not net deviation from the books.I meant that Polliver can be the one Arya stabs multiple times. Of course its not as good a scene without "Is there gold in the village!"
4186	boojam	2012-06-05	Arya did not get needle back till she killed poliver at the inn with the hound.It's true it's Polliver who had Needle, and he is still alive, tho did not see after Tywin arrived.He's available for the Tavern Fight.
4187	boojam	2012-06-05	By the end of ADwD she still has Needle, which she is not supposed to have .
I find it hard for the FM not to know this ... yet the training goes on... 
My guess is she will not be admitted to the order, but will become a 'rogue' FM...
Which is , I think, their plan.
Why? Hell if I know.
4188	StarkWard	2012-06-05	I meant that Polliver can be the one Arya stabs multiple times. Of course its not as good a scene without "Is there gold in the village!"I hope they don't take that out. Arya's stabbing frenzy is a turning point in her life - the completion of her desensitization to murder.
4189	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-05	I'm going to state the obvious and say that Polliver is the same guy who killed Lommy and later thought Arya was a boy /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4190	Indigocell	2012-06-06	Seriously, don't worry guys, it's pretty clear to me that she will be getting Needle back from Polliver at some point next season.  It's not something they will gloss over and hope we forget.
4191	kephv	2012-06-06	Since they killed the Tickler earlier, they'll have to give her an equally cool and iconic kill scene. Perhaps she'll help Polliver pick his teeth with Needle like how he wanted? "Is there plaque hidden in your mouth? *Stabs mouth to find out* Is there decay? Do you have cavities? *Still stabbin* How many! How many! How many! How many! How many! How many!"
4192	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-06	I'm going to state the obvious and say that Polliver is the same guy who killed Lommy and later thought Arya was a boy /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Hah, maybe she'll offer him a hand to pick him off the ground then drive Needle through his neck. That would be pretty damn sweet.
4193	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-31	Couldn't help but notice that the final song on the Season 2 OST is named "Three Blasts"http://www.youtube.c...h?v=K9GDvjyfPFcAn assault on The Fist of the First Men by a horde of white walkers (who have been all but absent this season, minus one sighting early on) would be a horrifying cliff-hanger to end on. Surely this is how the season will end?
4194	Crown	2012-06-01	This is the general consensus of the forum.
4195	Zappotack	2012-06-01	This is the third thread in this forum of how the episode is going to end...
4196	Arkash	2012-06-01	This is the third thread in this forum of how the episode is going to end...Yeah, true...
4197	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-01	My bad. Not sure why it was approved if that is the case /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Edit: To make it a little different from the other two, let me ask; what did everyone think of this song? Kinda like the track "What is Dead May Never Die", it gave me chills the first time I heard it.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 01 June 2012 - 05:44 PM.
4198	Arkash	2012-06-01	Well, sadly for me, none of the music composed for the series work when I listen them separatly from the video material... something's always missing...
4199	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-01	Well, sadly for me, none of the music composed for the series work when I listen them separatly from the video material... something's always missing...Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve noticed the same thing, something that is certainly not true for Howard Shoreâ<U+0080><U+0099>s music that he composed for the Lord of the Rings movies.
4200	Arkash	2012-06-01	Well it is different... cause Howard Shore went for something bombastic... it is nice to hear but souless by moments... it is damn damn hard to do epic music that have a soul... so far, I can name you only bands like Rhapsody (despite cheesy lyrics) or Hammerfall, or, of course Blind Guardian who achieve that.
But the GoT music is much more introspective, yet I dont find any memorable moments in it.. it works damn well in the show but it is too much linked to the show to be taken separatly.
4201	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-01	Well it is different... cause Howard Shore went for something bombastic... it is nice to hear but souless by moments... it is damn damn hard to do epic music that have a soul... so far, I can name you only bands like Rhapsody (despite cheesy lyrics) or Hammerfall, or, of course Blind Guardian who achieve that.But the GoT music is much more introspective, yet I dont find any memorable moments in it.. it works damn well in the show but it is too much linked to the show to be taken separatly.You think so? Sure, things like â<U+0080><U+009C>Foudations of Stoneâ<U+0080><U+009D> and â<U+0080><U+009C>The Lighting of the Beaconsâ<U+0080><U+009D> are certainly supposed to be splendid, but there are lots of quiet or just peppy/catchy songs in the Lord of the Rings movies that arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t at all bombastic. You canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t call the peppy â<U+0080><U+009C>Concerning Hobbitsâ<U+0080><U+009D> bombastic, right?  And the LothlA3rien theme is foreign, haunting. There are many examples of things like that. The songs are especially poignant at times, like â<U+0080><U+009C>Pippinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Songâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
4202	Davos55	2012-06-02	I absolutely love the music from Lord of the Rings. I still listen to it all the time, and especially love to listen to it when I am studying. It is absolutely amazing, especially "The Breaking of the Fellowship" and the " The Bridge of Khazad Dum", among many others.  Howard Shore is brilliant!
I do love the theme for Game of Thrones and many other songs from it, but the only one I really listen to outside of the show is the opening theme.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 02 June 2012 - 12:39 AM.
4203	Eogh	2012-06-02	I loved the season 1 OST, and listen to it all the time. The music from season 2 has been great as well, and i'm definitely liking what i've heard so far of the soundtrack. Also really enjoy "what is dead may never die". "warrior of light" is my other favourite.
4204	nubreed000	2012-06-03	Couldn't help but notice that the final song on the Season 2 OST is named "Three Blasts"http://www.youtube.c...h?v=K9GDvjyfPFcAn assault on The Fist of the First Men by a horde of white walkers (who have been all but absent this season, minus one sighting early on) would be a horrifying cliff-hanger to end on. Surely this is how the season will end?I predicted this cliffhanger ending as soon as I read the Book 3 Prologue not long after Season 1 ended. It's just too good not to end the season like that.
4205	Arya of Winterfell	2012-06-04	You were right guys. Just say the finale and it was ... amazing. Perfect ending.
On the note about the music, "Three Blasts" is so chilling. It has so many dark undertones, and has that feeling of inevitable dread. I get goosbumps listening to it!
4206	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	Hah yeah, I thought the music was perfect for the scene. Kinda synced up with the lumbering, laboured march of the dead horde.Have to agree with the LotR music love. Great to listen to on it's own. I always liked 'The Riders of Rohan' from TTT. In fact, if I'm ever playing a game or something where there's a ton of horses charging across a plain it comes to mind /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I do think Ramin Djawadi has done a solid job in his tenure on the show though.
4207	StarkWard	2012-06-05	"Three Blasts" at full volume, directly at my ears, actually gave me mini-heart attacks. "What Is Dead May Never Die" and "Winterfell" are also good pieces.
4208	BabyMeraxes	2012-06-05	Now that the season is wrapped, let's rate the performances. Top 5 ladies, Top 5 dudes, and Top 5 Minors
1. Alfie Alan's Theon: He really killed it this season, and the beheading of Ser Rodrick really sealed the deal. That was almost the most moving scene of the series.
2. Jack Gleeson's Joffrey: Spot on. I think it takes a lot to create and portray a truly irredeemable character, on top of the fact that he's just a kid...
3. Charles Dance's Tywin: Almost the exact opposite of Joff. Dance gave me a whole new perspective on Tywin's character, and made a potential one-note character (a character I never cared to read about) one of the highlights of the season.
4. Conleth Hill's Varys: Destroyed every scene he was in. Pitch perfect Varys, his coy, salty faces gave Dinklage a run for his money
5. Liam Cunningham's Davos: The best of the new male character's introduced this season. I wish he had more scenes.
1. Michelle Fairley's Catelyn: She murdered Catelyn. My favorite scene, and the best acted, of the season was when LF delivers Ned's bones. Gut-wrenching stuff, and she'll sweep awards season if there's any justice left in this world.
2. Gwendoline Christie's Brienne: I was really nervous about the casting of this character, but Christie surpassed all my expectations. She's totally overshadowed NCW's Jamie in the few scenes they shared this season, and her reaction to Renly's death was moving, when it could have been super clunky and rushed.
3. Lena Headey's Cersei: I was not on the Lena Headey ship until Blackwater. Martin gave her some wonderful stuff to work with, and she really stepped-up to the challenge.
4. Sophie Turner's Sansa: She barely edge's out over Williams' Arya, but Sansa had the harder scenes (The riot in King's Landing, Joff's Throne Room assult), and Sophie sold Sansa better than actress twice her age.
5. Maisie Williams' Arya: How old is she again? 13? She's got a great career ahead of her.
1. Pyat Pree: Ignoring the dragons, he saved Qarth.
2. Ygritte: Can't wait to see more of her, I'm glad she ditched secretary school
3. Shae: If they continue with her story line as it plays out in the books, everyone is going to FREAK OUT
4. Yorin: I was sad to see him go, more so than when he died in the books
5. Irri: For that guttural sobbing in episode two alone...
4209	gogorath	2012-06-05	Top 4 for me:
Men:
1.  Allen.
2.  Dinklage.  It's obvious and he gets the best lines, but still.  The range was fantastic and he kept some potentially cheesy moments real (the speech, time with Shae).
3.  Dillane.  He got so little time, but I think he took a very hard character and really nailed him.  Stannis is petty, pedantic, righteous, bitter, and at the same time courageous and driven.  Dillane got that across so well with so little time to do it.
4.  Coster-Waldau.  Of all the actors, I think his Jaime might be the one I'd see most while reading.  Just seems perfect and the "too many vows" speech was nailed.
Women:
1.  Cersei.  Headey killed the whole season.  Bitter, drunk, triumphant, impatient, bored, lashing out, determined, caring mother and a willing, if odd, mentor.
2.  Fairley. 
3/4.  Williams/Turner.  I can't really pick.  The "Anyone can be killed/shrug" versus "Dinner with the Lannisters/Lashing out at Shea"  Good stuff all around.
Minor Characters:
1.  Malahide.  Balon Greyjoy had a tiny bit of time, but that's basically him in a nutshell.  They didn't even need to introduce him.
2.  Maester Luwin (don't know the actor's name).  Just great stuff.  A lot of emotion in his voice without overacting.
3.  Dotrice.  Wildly amusing.  Perhaps this is too minor, but I really enjoyed his character.
4210	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	Top 2 for me, because these ar those I think will get nominated
Men
1. Peter Dinkledge - and he walks off with another win. This is the role of a lifetime for him
2. Alfie Allen - absolutely astonishing work and could have won if not for Dinkledge beating him out.
Women
1. Leena Headey - For her work on The Blackwater. We won't see a better acting performance this year
2. Maisie Williams - She just might be the surprise of the awards this year and pull off an upset
4211	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-05	If we are talking absolute stand-out performances that will put the actor in consideration for awards, I have to agree with Holafernando Torres.
Others worth mentioning would include Liam Cunningham, Stephen Dillane and Charles Dance. Each pretty much nailing their character, even in scenes that didn't make the book (Tywin's great scenes with Arya adding to the also-not-in-the-book scene from last season with Jaime, Stannis first into the breach).
Oh and Ben Crompton (Dolorous Edd is comedy gold).
4212	Songlian	2012-06-05	I'm just going to list everyone in random order, because I'm lazy like that.
Alfie Allen - Theon Greyjoy
Maisie Williams - Arya Stark
Rose Leslie - Ygritte
Tom Cantspellhisname - Jaquen H'ghar
Dillane - Stannis
Charles Dance - Tywin
And that's about it.
4213	Mad Queen	2012-06-05	Men:
1. Alfie Allen: I didn't believe in him at first, but he surpassed all my expectations. The best performance of the season.
2. Peter Dinklage: Tyrion was the most important character in A Clash of Kings and Dinklage nailed it.
3. Jack Gleeson: very promising young actor.
4. Conleth Hill: was the perfect Varys in every scene.
5. Liam Cunningham: so likable as Davos, the way he should be.
Honorable mention to Stephen Dillane. I'm sure Charles Dance is a great actor, but I hate what the writers did to Tywin. Not Dance's fault, I know.
Sam Tarly was great last season, but in this one not so much. Maybe it's due to a lack of good scenes. I hope to see more of him in future seasons.
Women:
1. Lena Headey
2. Gwendoline Christie: I was very impressed. Can't wait to see more of her, even though I don't like what the writers did to Brienne (turned her into a vicious killer).
3. Sophie Turner: This could be just because I love Sansa so much. Whatever. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Minors:
Bronn, Maester Luwin, the Spice King, Pyat Pree.
4214	Fragile Bird	2012-06-05	Top 2 for me, because these ar those I think will get nominatedMen1. Peter Dinkledge - and he walks off with another win. This is the role of a lifetime for him2. Alfie Allen - absolutely astonishing work and could have won if not for Dinkledge beating him out.Women1. Leena Headey - For her work on The Blackwater. We won't see a better acting performance this year2. Maisie Williams - She just might be the surprise of the awards this year and pull off an upsetGeez, maybe you should keep this name, I love everything you write.  Better than Howdy did.
4215	Onion Smuggler	2012-06-05	I don't get this Alfie Allen hysteria, he was good, but not amazing. He got progressively better as the season went on but to me he can still be quite wooden. I don't think shouting a battle speech warrants a Golden Globe. 
Gleeson, Dinklage and Dance are the best male actors in it IMO, with an honourable mention to Maester Luwin.
4216	Mad Queen	2012-06-05	I don't get this Alfie Allen hysteria, he was good, but not amazing. He got progressively better as the season went on but to me he can still be quite wooden. I don't think shouting a battle speech warrants a Golden Globe.His best moment in the last episode was when he was talking to Maester Luwin IMO.
4217	Fragile Bird	2012-06-05	I don't get this Alfie Allen hysteria, he was good, but not amazing. He got progressively better as the season went on but to me he can still be quite wooden. I don't think shouting a battle speech warrants a Golden Globe.Gleeson, Dinklage and Dance are the best male actors in it IMO, with an honourable mention to Maester Luwin.Oh, I have been astonished at how his work has just gotten better and better, going back to his scenes at home with Balon and his sister, and writing his letter to Robb.  He started to take on a look of desperation as events progressed, and the play of emotions across his face in the Luwin scene were wonderful.
4218	Onion Smuggler	2012-06-05	His best moment in the last episode was when he was talking to Maester Luwin IMO.Oh, I have been astonished at how his work has just gotten better and better, going back to his scenes at home with Balon and his sister, and writing his letter to Robb.  He started to take on a look of desperation as events progressed, and the play of emotions across his face in the Luwin scene were wonderful.I found the whole "Kill the guy with horn" pretty annoying though. To me he was quite poor at the beginning of the season, but he has grown and become fairly decent. He just doesn't convince me enough with it, and he seems quite monotonous.
4219	Les Berceaux	2012-06-05	LadiesEmilia Clarke did an admirable job with her material this year. It wasn't perfect stuff, but the early scenes in the Red Waste, and the always humorous Spice King scenes set up some great payoff in "Valar Morghulis." In many ways, Daenerys' story reflected what the second seasons of television series are usually about: characters questioning their purpose and assessing whether they are really strong enough and committed enough to get what they want.Lena Heady has been a favorite of mine since the pilot, unlike many fans who first came from the books. Her performance and interpretation of Cersei has certainly evolved for the better, and her moments in Blackwater were an exciting culmination of that evolution.Rose Leslie will undoubtably be a rising fan favorite in season 3. My only complaint is that she didn't get to tell the Bael the Bard story. If she had she would have been the breakout character of season 2, instead of...Gwendoline Christie has done what many of her castmates before here did: erase any doubt in my mind that another actor could fill their role. I loved her, but don't really have anything else to say aside from my high anticipation for her performance in season 3.Natalie Dormer was everything I wanted and more from Margaery Tyrell. My excitement for her casting was dulled by the fact that the character doesn't flourish for a while in the novels, but I think we can all agree that her performance in the first half of season 2 certainly allowed the Tyrell rose to flourish more than it did in A Clash of Kings.GentlemenIsaac Hempsted-Wright broke my heart as Bran this year. The character gets largely set aside for parts of the season, as well as parts of A Clash of Kings, but still he sticks out in my mind, particular his unspoken scene at the end of The Prince of Winterfell. That's a testament to the young man's performance, and I'm looking forward to seeing what he does with Bran in the future.Alfie Allen. Being a fan of his sister, Lily Allen, I spent the first season singing her song "Alfie" in my head whenever he was onscreen. This year, however, I was floored time and time again by his ability to communicate the unwritten; some of the most classic parts of his narration from A Clash of Kings, such as his envisioning himself rising in the ranks of the Night's Watch, and his decision to turn his cloak and the inner conflicts involved, were told without a line of dialogue thanks to Alfie's grand performance. (For those of you who haven't heard the song, click here to enjoy Lily Allen's song "Alfie," which is obviously about our own Theon Greyjoy)Charles Dance was a revelation this season. I love love loved his scenes with Jaime and especially Tyrion last year, and I'm very excited for his final tenure as Hand of the King, but his scenes with Maisie Williams will probably stick out to me as one of the best creations of the show's creative staff.Liam Cunningham. I don't have much to say for his performance aside from how much it grew on me as the season progressed. Even though I'd read the books, I found that as more of his backstory was told I became more invested with him. I've always been a little skittish about Davos; the first time I read A Clash of Kings, I hated him, but I consider his three chapters in A Dance with Dragons to be one of the highlights of the book (especially the one and perhaps only time we'll see the Three Sisters, which has become one of my favorite chapters of the series).Nicolas Coster-Waldau delivered the standout performance of episode seven, which in my opinion sealed the deal for his strong claim to award nominations this year.MinorBen Crompton nailed the dour and understated humor of Dolorous Edd.Donald Sumpter. I'll admit that Mr. Sumpter would have had to do the absolute worst job of any actor on a television series ever for me to not be happy with Maester Luwin. His goodbye to Bran and Rickon is a staple for the series, and he seems to be one of the few actors unanimously liked by newbies and experts alike. I'm proud to say I'm one of those people.Joe Dempsie could just stand in the background of every scene with his shirt off and I'd love him. I'm a big fan of his (and Hannah Murray's) performance on Skins, and I greatly enjoyed his undeniable chemistry with Maisie Williams.Finn Jones to me qualifies for this category, and his reaction to Renly's death was very well done. I certainly hope his scene with Sansa from the beginning of A Storm of Swords is intact next year.Carice van Houten was suitably deadpan when appropriate, as well as creepy, fascinating, a little sexy, and obviously kissed by fire. I'm a little burned out from earlier paragraphs, so I'm going to end my post here. Except to say that IF SHE HAS HER HAIR DONE UP IN BUNS ONE MORE TIME... /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
					
					
							Edited by Les Berceaux, 05 June 2012 - 05:29 PM.
4220	Mad Queen	2012-06-05	(For those of you who haven't heard the song, click here to enjoy Lily Allen's song "Alfie," which is obviously about our own Theon Greyjoy)I've always hated this song because I think it makes him look like a total loser. But I'll admit it fits very well now that Alfie is playing Theon Greyjoy.
4221	Les Berceaux	2012-06-05	I've always hated this song because I think it makes him look like a total loser. But I'll admit it fits very well now that Alfie is playing Theon Greyjoy.Really? I think the song is fun. It's some of Lily Allen's worst songwriting, to be sure, but it's catchy and has some good rhymes. But then again there's probably the chance that we have a fundamentally different opinion on whether or not all stoners are losers, lol.
4222	Mad Queen	2012-06-05	Really? I think the song is fun. It's some of Lily Allen's worst songwriting, to be sure, but it's catchy and has some good rhymes. But then again there's probably the chance that we have a fundamentally different opinion on whether or not all stoners are losers, lol.In the video he just sits in his bedroom and watches TV, plays games, jerks off and smokes weed. Total loser! And in truth he's been the best actor this season.
4223	Fat Mac	2012-06-05	Not gonna rank Dinklage since he pretty much makes everybody's lists...
1. Liam Cunningham did a fantastic job in my opinion, probably the best new character this year. Dillane deserves a mention, but I think Cunningham had Davos down.
2. Conleth Hill- Good work as always. A perfect Varys.
3. Alfie Allen- Have to mention him. He's done a very good job reflecting Theons emotions during his short reign as Prince of Winterfell.
4. Nikolaj Caster Waldau- He was in way too little episodes. I love him so much.
5. Jack Gleeson- Through and through a perfect Joffrey
1. Michelle Fairley- I actually find myself rooting for Catelyn in the show
2. Gwendoline Christie- physically and personality wise she's exactly like how I picture Brienne
3. Lena Headley- Some don't like her portrayal as Cersei, I think its amazing and makes her look like an actual human
4. Turner/Williams- Equally fantastic jobs from these girls
5. I dont know her name, but whoever plays Yara. She gets a lot of hate because she doesn't look like her at all (and her names different), but the scene with her in Winterfell with Theon was awesome
Minor
1. Donald Sumpter as Luwin- Seriously, I think he was my favorite. The scene in the Godswood was emotionally riveting, and probably in my top 5 scenes for the season.
2. Ben Crompton as Dolorous Edd
3. Patrick Malahide as Balon Greyjoy
4. Eugene Simon as Lancel Lannister- This kid doesn't get enough props in my opinion. He did an awesome job playing Lancel
5. Whoever played the Spice King- TV made character I know, but he was hilarious and anyone who calls out Dany like that deserves my respect.
HM: Julian Glover as Pycelle, Finn Jones as Loras, Natalie Dormer as Margaery, Rose Leslie as Ygritte
4224	Ser Ponce	2012-06-05	2. Ygritte: Can't wait to see more of her, I'm glad she ditched secretary school /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4225	Ser Giant	2012-06-05	Just gonna do my fav for each category:
Female: Michelle Fairley's Catelyn(every single scene from the beginning of the series to the end of season 2 she has been perfect)
Male: Dillane's Stannis(the convo about Storm's End with Davos was masterful!)
Minor: Roy Dotrice(he shined in both(?) his scenes)
My fav younger actor was probably Sansa or Gendry. Arya is always fantastic, too hard to pick one single young actor from this show to say is best.
4226	Lord Godric	2012-06-05	The top male performances for me were definitely- Peter Dinklage - Clash of Kings was really his time to shine and Dinklage didn't disappoint.  He has been the most consistent character on the show and all scenes with him are a joy to watch.- Alfie Allen - He really was great showing Theon's struggle.  And although at this point in the books I still hate Theon I felt for him.  Especially in his final scene with Maester Luwin.- Isaac Hempstead Wright - I have such a soft spot for Bran and Isaac is perfect at bringing his character to life.  The story in the north was probably my favorite, and that is saying a lot compared to everything else that happened.For the ladies:- Michelle Fairley -  Remember those days when people said that Michelle Fairley was too old and too ugly to play Catelyn?  Yeah, me neither.  She has been the most consisten female actress on this show I think.  She kills the emotional scenes and seems to have such great chemistry with so many characters including Robb, Littlefinger and Brienne.  She has been fantastic and I don't think gets the credit she deserves (and thats probably because people hate Catelyn).- Lena Headey -  pretty much for her performance in Blackwater alone.  She was beyond perfection as Cersei in that episode and really killed it.- Gwendoline Christie - She really brought Brienne to life in a way that doesn't happen in the books until the latter parts of A Storm of Swords.  Her little quippy lines were killer and she was so badass, I can't wait to see her interact with Jaime more.- Maisie Williams - She was killer in the first season and didn't disappoint this season either.  Her early scenes with Gendry were hilarious and her scenes with Tywin were creepy yet amazing and an unexpected highlight of their episodes.Minor (this category for me doesn't necessarily mean minor characters just characters with great performances just not as great as the ones listed above)- Donald Sumpter - As I said before I was very impressed with the North story line and Maester Luwin's scenes with both Bran and Theon brought so much more emotion to them.- Natalie Dormer - I love this new Margaery and, while her role was tiny, I think she stole the scenes she was in.  I can't wait to see her as a character in the politics of King's Landing.- Rose Leslie - I was worried about Ygritte at first but Leslie really brought it home.  She was so fiery and a great sparring partner for Jon.- Finn Jones and Gethin Anthony - Particularly Gethin but I had to include Finn Jones too.  Renly's scenes with Catelyn really showed why he was a loved king and Gethin was perfect in his scenes with Stannis.And finally - Liam Cunningham - I feel like we didn't get enough of him but he portrays Davos perfectly.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 05 June 2012 - 09:42 PM.
4227	teemo	2012-06-04	There was a small but extremely powerful change from the books in the conversation with Jaqen/Arya.  Faceless Men in the book are "no one."  They don't have identities, they just work for the Many-Faced God.  I mean obviously, we all know that.  In the show, however, Jaqen tells her that if she joins, she can get revenge on the people that she lists (Cersei, Tywin, etc.)  Is this going to be what drives Arya to join?  Are the Faceless Men going to be more of a group of assassins that can kill whoever they feel like?  This could be a huge plot changer. Discuss!
4228	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-05	There was a small but extremely powerful change from the books in the conversation with Jaqen/Arya.  Faceless Men in the book are "no one."  They don't have identities, they just work for the Many-Faced God.  I mean obviously, we all know that.  In the show, however, Jaqen tells her that if she joins, she can get revenge on the people that she lists (Cersei, Tywin, etc.)  Is this going to be what drives Arya to join?  Are the Faceless Men going to be more of a group of assassins that can kill whoever they feel like?  This could be a huge plot changer. Discuss!I was just thinking about this. Faceless Men do NOT get to choose their targets. Arya gets in trouble big time when she unilaterally decides to kill Dareon (because she thinks he's a slimeball, which he is, but that's still not how the tools of the Many-Faced God operate).So yeah, Jaqen going through Arya's prayer list and telling her that she will be able to pop a cap in each one PROFOUNDLY changes what Faceless Men are in the books.
4229	teemo	2012-06-05	Some people think that maybe Jaqen bluffed her on that to sway her to join.  I'm not sure I'm buying that though.  Have to think about that one.
4230	KingWolf	2012-06-05	Prob have to do a re-watch but I thought he may have meant that if she goes with him then she can make a prayer to the many-faced god for them to die. Like she does in the books, she prays in front of the statue every day in the book(unless I am mistaken.)
4231	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I think this a change from the books as they never made her "faceless/nameless-ness" a big enough plot device. She will need another reason to travel to Braavos and this may be it.
4232	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-05	Prob have to do a re-watch but I thought he may have meant that if she goes with him then she can make a prayer to the many-faced god for them to die. Like she does in the books, she prays in front of the statue every day in the book(unless I am mistaken.)Hmm, I'll have to rewatch as well. I really though he was saying that she could off them herself.I just remembered that Faceless Men in the books specifically *do not know* their targets. There's a scene in which Arya is serving a group of FM who are discussing various targets and some decline an assignment, saying that they know the man, until one FM says, "I do not know this man. I will do it."
4233	KingWolf	2012-06-05	Hmm, I'll have to rewatch as well. I really though he was saying that she could off them herself.I just remembered that Faceless Men in the books specifically *do not know* their targets. There's a scene in which Arya is serving a group of FM who are discussing various targets and some decline an assignment, saying that they know the man, until one FM says, "I do not know this man. I will do it."Maybe it was just wishfull thinking that I misheard it. Because isn't that whole no killing whoever you want thing a big part of her story. Its one of the reasons she is held back in the FM. Plus it also is one of the reasons she can never truly be be no one. She wants revenge too much. It seems odd for the FM to let her kill whoever she wants, it goes against their no idenity type of life style.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 05 June 2012 - 09:38 AM.
4234	Greywolf2375	2012-06-05	Some people think that maybe Jaqen bluffed her on that to sway her to join.  I'm not sure I'm buying that though.  Have to think about that one.It wouldn't kill her arc in any way, but I definitely would not be a fan of something like that.  I loved their interaction, but did not like that he put it out there that she can use the FM as a way to get back at people.
4235	Howdyphillip	2012-06-05	I was just thinking about this. Faceless Men do NOT get to choose their targets. Arya gets in trouble big time when she unilaterally decides to kill Dareon (because she thinks he's a slimeball, which he is, but that's still not how the tools of the Many-Faced God operate).So yeah, Jaqen going through Arya's prayer list and telling her that she will be able to pop a cap in each one PROFOUNDLY changes what Faceless Men are in the books.Actually, Arya wasn't punished at all for killing Dareon. She was elevated into the blindness training that could have taken years longer to reach without that act.She was specifically told that she was not to kill anyone on her own, but that could have very well just been a part of her training. Jaquen Haggar didn't seem to hold these kinds of limitations.The bottom line in all of this is that we really don't know for sure what the "rules" for the FM are yet. If Arya leaves training early like most of suspect, we may never fully know.
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 05 June 2012 - 09:51 AM.
4236	Silverx2	2012-06-05	in the books Arya went to brovos with the intention of getting revenge, its not til she learns the way of the FM and starts to learn to become no one that she starts to move up teh ranks.
4237	kephv	2012-06-05	Another change is how magical they made Jaqen seem. It's like he can teleport from here to there -- when's he's on the cliff and then all the sudden walks up behind Arya -- and apparently can kill groups of guards on lookout without others noticing or raising the alarm.
4238	sumpthy	2012-06-05	Another change is how magical they made Jaqen seem. It's like he can teleport from here to there -- when's he's on the cliff and then all the sudden walks up behind Arya -- and apparently can kill groups of guards on lookout without others noticing or raising the alarm.Because peeling his face off and making a dog turn on its master wasn't magical?
4239	boojam	2012-06-05	There was a small but extremely powerful change from the books in the conversation with Jaqen/Arya.  Faceless Men in the book are "no one."  They don't have identities, they just work for the Many-Faced God.  I mean obviously, we all know that.  In the show, however, Jaqen tells her that if she joins, she can get revenge on the people that she lists (Cersei, Tywin, etc.)  Is this going to be what drives Arya to join?  Are the Faceless Men going to be more of a group of assassins that can kill whoever they feel like?  This could be a huge plot changer. Discuss!Funny thing is ASoFaI-wise, the list has gotten very short.The Hound, if he is alive, remember, is no longer on her list.We don't know but by the time she gets back to Westeros, could no body will be left on the list!
4240	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	I believe what JH said was he could get teh FM to get her vengence for her, ie she could "purchase" more deaths, though one wonders where she would get the cash
4241	Ciglon	2012-06-05	I think this is to really establish for non-book readers what drives her to go to Braavos and actually stay there at first. Remember, this will be a shocking change for her character in the TV program because she is not all too desensitized to death as she was in the books, so giving her a strong motivator and a real reason to stay there as opposed to just looking for somewhere else to go after RW.
4242	kephv	2012-06-05	Because peeling his face off and making a dog turn on its master wasn't magical?More magical I meant. And no, making the dog turn on its master wasn't magical. He spiked some food with basilisk's blood and tossed it to the dog. There's nothing out of the ordinary in any of the FM's kills that we've seen yet.
4243	boojam	2012-06-05	I think this is to really establish for non-book readers what drives her to go to Braavos and actually stay there at first. Remember, this will be a shocking change for her character in the TV program because she is not all too desensitized to death as she was in the books, so giving her a strong motivator and a real reason to stay there as opposed to just looking for somewhere else to go after RW.If that does not happen until E5 Maisie Williams will be nearly 18.Viewers are going to have to get used to a different physical appearance.
4244	Stannis is the Mannis	2012-06-05	I seem to recall the line being something like "... and you can offer the names up to the red god" like people come to do at the temple in the books. Unless I'm remembering the line incorrectly, I don't think this scene implied any serious changes.
I was surprised a little at the mention of the red god in this scene though. I know he said the red god was owed for the three deaths in both the book and the show, but I assume that is because they were going to die from fire. In this instance, he seems to be implying that it is only the red god the FM serve and not the Many-Faced god.
4245	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	If that does not happen until E5 Maisie Williams will be nearly 18.Viewers are going to have to get used to a different physical appearance.That should be okay.  When you look at GRRM's failed attempt at leaping forward five years in the books, you can tell he regretted setting the Stark kids with such young ages.  The older ages of Bran, Jon, Sansa, and an older looking Maisie Williams will be what Martin wanted in the first place.
4246	incarnate	2012-06-05	- Isn't Margery like, too old for Joffrey, shouldn't she be near Sansa's age?
- How did the Iron Men escape and burn Winterfell if northmen were at its door?
- So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire?
- Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic.
- Why did the Others not care about Sam?
4247	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	- Isn't Margery like, too old for Joffrey, shouldn't she be near Sansa's age? - Age doesn't matter in marriages in Westeros (politics matter)
- How did the Iron Men escape and burn Winterfell if northmen were at its door? - Robb said all Iron Born are free to go except Theon. It is implied that the Northmen burned Winterfell.
- So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire? - Eh, Dragons?
- Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic. - When a dragon breathes fire its entire body gets EXTREMELY hot (I think). This presumably melted/disintigrated the chains and/or the magic that created the chains wore off when Pyat Pree was killed.
- Why did the Others not care about Sam? - Eh, Dragons?
					
					
							Edited by Tourniquet, 05 June 2012 - 08:55 AM.
4248	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-05	- Why did the Others not care about Sam?
It's a (not so) clever ploy by the writers. If Sam won't be at the Fist of the First Men, they won't have to pay for all the expensive CGI and extras, that are required for the battle. This way, they can start the season with Sam running through the woods alone while screams of his brothers and the sound of battle follow him. If he survives that is... 
My two cents are that they haven't planned all the expenses for S3. If they have some money over, they'll shoot the battle. If not, then they won't.
4249	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-05	- So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire?- Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic.The chains dort of magically appeared on Danys, right?  I assume that the chains themselves may have been a product of Pyat Pree's magic  -- maybe only an illusion.  When he died, the chains went "poof".
4250	eyeheartsansa	2012-06-05	Isn't Margery like, too old for Joffrey, shouldn't she be near Sansa's age?She wants to be the queen.  It's a very calculated move for the Tyrells as well as the Lannisters.  So it's a win/win.  Especially for Margery.How did the Iron Men escape and burn Winterfell if northmen were at its door?Robb told Roose to make sure his bastard spared the Iron Men, except for Theon.  There's more but you'll have to wait and see.  It's going to be good.So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire?Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic.It's been mentioned that dragon fire is extra hot and can melt stone; see Harrenhall.  Pyat Pree wouldn't have known this or he would have taken better precautions.  I was a tad underwhelmed by the outcome as well.Why did the Others not care about Sam?Why do they do anything?  We really don't know, do we?
4251	Tadco26	2012-06-05	- Isn't Margery like, too old for Joffrey, shouldn't she be near Sansa's age?As far as following the books, yes she is older, she is ~16 in the books.  As far as her being too old for them to marry no age is not a concern for marriage in westeros.- How did the Iron Men escape and burn Winterfell if northmen were at its door?We don't know for sure.  We can make guesses primarily based on what we know from the books, but with all the other changes they have made, they are just guesses.  Unfortunately Maester Luwin didn't bother to mention who was responsible.- So the House of the Magi was populated by one guy who slaughtered a whole room of men but dies when his cloak catches a small fire?pretty much.  To be fair he didn't die until all 3 dragons joined in.- Her dragons can disintegrate chains with magic, okay I can sort of buy that since it's magic.I think the magic disintegrated when Pyat died, though the whole thing was pretty contrived since he could have just taken her prisoner in regular chains after killing all the rest of the 13.- Why did the Others not care about Sam?The best reason I have seen given is because they thought fat Sam would slow them down if they had to wait for his zombie corpse to march along with them.  Other than that, there is no real good reason.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 05 June 2012 - 10:50 AM.
4252	Gerdan_Redsnow	2012-06-04	So it seems that TV Jaquen knows about Arya's list and almost liked it. It seemed to me in the book that the Kindly Man would have disapproved of the list...
Does this make Jacquen more of a renegade/free thinking FM, again begging the question of what he was doing in Kings Landing and soon to be doing in Oldtown or are the FM a less strict organisation?
It seemed to me that whenever Arya stops being nobody and tries to leave then she will be killed but maybe I am reading this wrong and when she becomes somebody again then she will simply leave and her training will stop.
I read her becoming Arya again briefly in Braavos and subsequent blindness as a punishment but maybe it was a progression of her training with the death of the NW Bard being of little import to the grand scheme of things to the Many Faced God.
Could it be that there are a few part trained FM running about Westeros? It wouldn't be something you would share with your nearest and dearest lest suspicion would fall upon you or your friends and family ask things of you they shouldn't really. Lady Olenna maybe? I wouldn't expect there to be many as I would imagine the training and early missions could have a high mortality rate though I don't recall any stories of a FM knowingly being stopped...
Would the FM be happy just to know there are a few extra people sending extra offerings to the Many Faced God? They don't have a monopoly on death.
4253	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	TV Series =/= Books
4254	Frey Pie a la Mode	2012-06-05	I saw this as a huge, meaningful change from the books. Definitely not a nitpick.
The Kindly Man clearly tells Arya that Faceless Men do not get to choose their targets. They are instruments of the Many-Faced God, not independent assassins. Arya loses her sight after killing Dareon, not so much as a punishment (though she is "in trouble" for having killed without instruction) as to put her back on the right path. They would have taken her sight eventually, the Kindly Man says, but her actions made it necessary to take her to the next step a little sooner.
But Faceless Men **do not** get to use their skills to seek personal revenge.
4255	sarah.jenice	2012-06-05	You've brought up an interesting point, and while the TV series is not cannon for the books, I don't think it is impossible that Jaquen knew about Arya's list when he knew other secret stuff like her true name.
Jaquen had to have seen something in Arya that made him believe that she was FM material, or he wouldn't have given her the coin and encouraged her to go to Braavos. I think the show did a great job of showing his interest in her, starting with the way he looked at her when she hit Rorge with her stick sword ("A boy has more courage than sense") and the great scenes they had together. 
In my humble opinion, I still don't think we have enough information on the FM to fully make conclusions about all of their methods and motives. If Arya had gone with Jaquen, he would have taken her to the House of Black and White so he must not be a renegade or he wouldn't be reporting back to them. And yes, Arya did save him, Rorge and Biter from the fire so he said they needed to give three deaths to the Red God, but how does a FM make that decision. No one paid the price for deaths so if a FM is in mortal peril, he can be saved but then gets to kill someone else to take his place? Once we learned about how the FM are hired, I've always found what Jaquen did with Arya confusing. Maybe there are loose guidelines to what you can do with your assassin powers when you are out on a mission when it comes to your life.
I don't think Arya will truly become no one because of her Nymeria connection, but I am not sure how she will get out of there. It seems like such a secretive organization wouldn't just let people who change their minds leave, but perhaps Arya will be assigned to Westeros and once there, she can change her course without them immediately being after her.
Hopefully, we will learn more with her training and will have a better understanding of how they operate. 
For the show, I've been wondering if they will let Jaquen train her instead of the Kindly Man since the actor was such a big hit. It wouldn't go with the books (especially if he really is the FM in Oldtown), but they've made worse changes.
4256	A Stark in Salem	2012-06-05	@sarah.jenice At this point the motives and methods for the FM are indeed pretty obscure, though I believe RRM has some sort of logic in mind. So many characters and organizations in the series have these incredibly long-term agendas, it's often impossible to figure out what they are by what is presented or said. For instance, at first Varys seemed to be for what would seem to be mostly himself, or some vague notion of "the good of realm". But then underlying it all it seems he's part of a secret group trying to get the Targaryens back in power. But how do you hold true to a 20+ year plan anyway? Or maybe it's even something else?The FM are so much older and more steeped in mystery that it would be very hard to say exactly how or why they do things. Their rules are pretty vague too, at least from the outside. Clearly there is something happening in Oldtown with one of them that took Pate's life, and that was not a standard "give the gift of death" situation. It was unlikely anyone even paid enough attention to Pate to care to ask/pay to get him killed. No, that was planned by the FM to assume his identity and get in with the rogue maester. They guy was waiting for Sam too, right?And let's not forget, Arya is a novice. Masters or all kinds rarely tell an initiate all of the truth. Personally I believe she will stay and see it through. I love her arc more than almost any other in the series. She will have some important role to play out before the end I am sure.
4257	saryan	2012-06-05	In the book, I believe the waif is the only person for whom we have a backstory as to how she became a recruit (well, except for Arya, of course).  Her father had basically given her to the House of B&W in order to ask for the gift for her stepmother, who had been trying to kill the waif (if I remember correctly).  The waif doesn't say anything about her own feelings on the matter, but I wonder if the she also wanted revenge, which is part of the reason she agreed to go.  I also don't know if she says how old she was at the time.
Anyway, it's just interesting to think about--maybe feelings for revenge are a catalyst for becoming a FM more often than we think.  The KM does say to Arya that it's unusual for a child to be a FM, which suggests most of the recruits are at least young adults.
4258	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-05	I saw this as a huge, meaningful change from the books. Definitely not a nitpick.The Kindly Man clearly tells Arya that Faceless Men do not get to choose their targets. They are instruments of the Many-Faced God, not independent assassins. Arya loses her sight after killing Dareon, not so much as a punishment (though she is "in trouble" for having killed without instruction) as to put her back on the right path. They would have taken her sight eventually, the Kindly Man says, but her actions made it necessary to take her to the next step a little sooner.But Faceless Men **do not** get to use their skills to seek personal revenge.I don't think that angle has been ruined, at least not yet.  And I doubt that all FM "recruits" arrive with that well-developed sense of "neutrality" already existing.  Arya certainly didn't, because the whole reason she decided to "enlist" was revenge.  Even while undergoing her training, she still keeps that mindset (and Needle).  The FM know that, likely expect that, so part of her training is to keep the willingness to kill, but change the motivation.In other words, the personal motivations she has for killing are not likely something that would disqualify her to Jaqen.  The more important points that make her a desireable recruit are her intelligence and willingness to kill.  The rest is up to the Kindly Man, so I don't think her character or arc has been materially damaged at all.  And least, not yet.I personally believe that she will, at some point, abandon the "neutrality" aspect, and revert to her former motivation of family, etc.  But that remains to be seen in TWOW, etc.
4259	saryan	2012-06-05	Also--in the book, I didn't feel like she really went to Braavos in order to become a FM.  I feel like she went because she wanted to find Jaqen again. She had nowhere else to go, and despite his weirdness, I do feel like there was an emotional bond between them, and that he was a mentor/older brother or father type figure to Arya.  Everyone else she had had that type of relationship with was either dead or out of reach (ie, Jon).
4260	Independent George	2012-06-05	In the book, I believe the waif is the only person for whom we have a backstory as to how she became a recruit (well, except for Arya, of course).  Her father had basically given her to the House of B&W in order to ask for the gift for her stepmother, who had been trying to kill the waif (if I remember correctly).  The waif doesn't say anything about her own feelings on the matter, but I wonder if the she also wanted revenge, which is part of the reason she agreed to go.  I also don't know if she says how old she was at the time.I also imagine the waif was given a choice to stay or go, as Arya was. Her father had to give her up as part of the price for the gift, but I just don't see the Faceless Men keeping her against her will. Of course, as a child, she really didn't have anywhere else to go, but it does seem she's found a place at the temple, and that it's her home now.
4261	7V3N	2012-06-04	As many know, the Game of Thrones show finally got to the House of the Undying. The only thing that really had importance in Dany's storyline for book/season two. The key: prophecies and visions, the things that keep this board constantly down due to overpopulation /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> .I had been so excited for this scene since season one ended. It was really the beginning of the next scale. It was a chapter that said, "She cannot be stopped, she is destined for greatness." Now we see things change later in her story, but that is irrelevant.Book readers know all about how flashbacks have been cut from the show. We wanted to see some of Robert and Ned in the Rebellion, some of Ned and Lyanna, Rhaegar, and perhaps Arys. But the show made the decision to wipe all of that out. With that, I expected the HotU to perhaps skip to Dany meeting the warlocks with that giant (blue?) heart thing. This way they could just ignore the prophecies until next season, or even do their typical narration between Dany and Jorah (KHAALLLLLEEEEEEEEESSSSIIII!!! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> ). But they decided they indeed needed to include some sort of vision.Instead they went with this scene of Dany, Drogo, and their child Rhaego. A scene with no true meaning to the story, and has no explanation for its inclusion. It was the makers of the show saying, people liked Jason as Drogo, I bet the ratings would love to see him again in a cheesily-written, romantic, what-could-have-been scene that for some reason started at the Iron Throne, then to the Wall (with no blue rose, which I thought they could have at least put in as a sort of easter egg for us book readers). So they cut out all of the flashbacks and visions from the books, but then created their own meaningless scene and found time/money to put it in.I cannot express how pissed/disappointed (pissapointed, as said in a post) I am. This seems like another example of how money is guiding this show. I mean, they had Bronn's whore switch to being naked (originally written in with clothes) just for viewers. /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' /> (I don't necessarily mind, but it shows their attitude towards getting viewers).Now, this is not a "rant" topic, but an analytic discussion on how the writers/executives/whoever are making changes to the story--which will have consequences--without proper justification, specifically the hypocritical cutting of flashbacks and visions, then the inclusion of made-up ones.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 05 June 2012 - 10:28 AM.
4262	Ser Wun Wun	2012-06-04	what-could-have-been scene that for some reason started at the Wall (with no blue rose, which I thought they could have at least put in as a sort of easter egg for us book readers). So they cut out all of the flashbacks and visions from the books, but then created their own meaningless scene and found time/money to put it in.I know, I was looking for a blue rose from the moment she stepped foot out there.  And in the throne room I was waiting to hear some disembodied voice boom out 'Let him be the king of ashes' or something like that.  For a second I was even expecting to see a Wolf protecting a baby, to symbolize Ned and Jon.  Something, anything to represent a prophecy would have been nice...I will say though, I actually read an episode recap article that described the scene in a way that almost makes me think that the writers were in fact trying to make their own prophecies about what is to come in the series with these scenes.   Here is (basically) what it said that got me thinking like this:'Dany is just about to touch the Iron Throne when she hears her dragons and follows their cries, leading her through a different door which brings her to the Wall'Maybe I am just reading too much into it (because this is based on my own speculation about where the story is heading), but I think what happened there could be symbolic about what will happen once Dany reaches Westeros.  She will at first be in pursuit of the Iron Throne, and just when she is about to get it something happens.  A betrayal?  A revelation? Something to throw her off her course.  Whatever it is, I think it will lead her North.  To the Wall, to the fight with the Others, etc..  I'm not sure what the significance of that tent with Drogo and the baby in it being at the Wall is though.....That she will find that domestic bliss in the North (with Jon)?  That she will die there, and that is when Drogo will return to her?  I don't know.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 04 June 2012 - 01:02 PM.
4263	Reposado	2012-06-04	I didn't mind the scene itself. I've said often, they make very good scenes. They just fail at giving them context in the big picture. This is a perfect example of a scene that worked on its own but was completely unnecessary to the narrative.
if they were going to bring someone back they should have brought back harry lloyd and used make up to have him play rhaegar.
as it is, they would have been much better off cutting qarth entirely. nothing important happened there.
4264	David Selig	2012-06-04	Do we really need another thread about this? There are two others on the exact same topic already
4265	victim	2012-06-04	The difficult thing with prophecy is that when it isn't immediate it's a very hard thing to create. What I'm attempting to say, albeit weakly, is that the writer's went for more of an immediate emotional impact as opposed to one which eventually makes sense after years and years of seasons and differing storylines. At this point, we as book readers are still unsure of what all the prophecies mean.
The scene with Drogo gave Dany, and consequently audiences, an emotional impact in the present tense that a prophecy could never do. The vision of Drogo was certainly fabricated by the Warlocks as a means of making Dany comfortable in the HotU in order to take her power and give it to the dragons, which was their ultimate goal I believe. Pyat Pree gave Dany things she longed for; the Throne symbolises the power, the Wall symbolises the land and Drogo symbolises the love she had lost. The last is the most important, as Dany leaves Drogo and Rhaego, we realise that nothing in the past or future is more important to her than the present -- she is the Mother of Dragons, and she wants her children back, more than she ever wanted Westeros, Drogo or her unborn child. They are her babies.
The question remains, how does this affect the rest of her story compared to what the prophecies would have given us? In the end, it doesn't. I can see reasoning behind why show-runners don't want to get too far ahead of themselves. More importantly though, I think this sequence was more a culmination of where Dany's mindset has been and where it will go as opposed to Westeros as a whole. Does Dany really need to see the Red Wedding, Rhaegar and Elia or the Winter Rose? Do any of those things immediately relate to her that the audience can fathom at this stage? Outside of perhaps Rhaegar, I don't think any of these images would have an immediately profound impact on Dany like Drogo did.
In terms of the untold prophecies, Dany still needs to meet Quaithe, who is so slyly mysterious to the point where she can show up a literally any time and the audience won't be suspicious. Her looks are memorable enough that she won't be easily forgotten despite the lack of screentime. I don't doubt that we will be hearing more of three-betrayals and the Prince Who was Promised at a later date.
In the end, how do Dany's deepest desires not contribute to the overall narrative in a compelling and dramatic way?
					
					
							Edited by victim, 04 June 2012 - 01:18 PM.
4266	FrozenFire3	2012-06-04	I know, I was looking for a blue rose from the moment she stepped foot out there.  And in the throne room I was waiting to hear some disembodied voice boom out 'Let him be the king of ashes' or something like that.  For a second I was even expecting to see a Wolf protecting a baby, to symbolize Ned and Jon.  Something, anything to represent a prophecy would have been nice...I will say though, I actually read an episode recap article that described the scene in a way that almost makes me think that the writers were in fact trying to make their own prophecies about what is to come in the series with these scenes.   Here is (basically) what it said that got me thinking like this:'Dany is just about to touch the Iron Throne when she hears her dragons and follows their cries, leading her through a different door which brings her to the Wall'Maybe I am just reading too much into it (because this is based on my own speculation about where the story is heading), but I think what happened there could be symbolic about what will happen once Dany reaches Westeros.  She will at first be in pursuit of the Iron Throne, and just when she is about to get it something happens.  A betrayal?  A revelation? Something to throw her off her course.  Whatever it is, I think it will lead her North.  To the Wall, to the fight with the Others, etc..  I'm not sure what the significance of that tent with Drogo and the baby in it being at the Wall is though.....That she will find that domestic bliss in the North (with Jon)?  That she will die there, and that is when Drogo will return to her?  I don't know.I thought the same. They could have at least shown the blue rose. Not like it's expensive or anything xD At least that...
4267	Morvran	2012-06-04	........why another thread on this?  I think it's well-covered already
4268	7V3N	2012-06-04	The difficult thing with prophecy is that when it isn't immediate it's a very hard thing to create. What I'm attempting to say, albeit weakly, is that the writer's went for more of an immediate emotional impact as opposed to one which eventually makes sense after years and years of seasons and differing storylines. At this point, we as book readers are still unsure of what all the prophecies mean.But part of what I loved about Dany post-Qarth was that I was always, like her, looking for the next betrayal. I am still not convinced that Jorah's betrayal counts as on of them. And her being so paranoid about the betrayals was a huge part of what went on in her head, and made me see a bit of the paranoia her father suffered from.And in response to the show making their own prophesies: they have no right (unless GRRM okay-ed it) since they have no idea if she will ever reach Westeros, or the Wall, or what will happen. Maybe the she will be TWOW prologue POV and the Dothraki will kill her to start (no, but it is still an available option).To all saying this has been overdone: This is an analysis of tHotU scene AND a discussion of how they chose to mass-cut all visions and flashbacks (besides some of Bran's absolutely-necessary dreams), including those at tHotU, but then chose to make one up and include it in the series. This is more about the hypocrisy of the decision, and trying to make sense of it.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 04 June 2012 - 03:08 PM.
4269	daoloth	2012-06-04	i wrote it somewhere else on the forum. The HOTU scene was a filler and a trick. It is meant to drag fans into futile speculation to keep interest up much like the "mythology" was used in Lost. Throw people hungry for something special a bunch of random bits and they will conjure the story for you. It only turns sour once it is made plain that the show was never meant to reach some artistic and creative level - it is just business. It was just the writers decision that by keeping some visions they will maintain the "deep"  of the show which they relentlessly butcher with every episode. So to me the whole discussion is pointless...
HOTU was important in the books because it worked as a foreshadowing not so much for the reader but for the character herself. Since the backstory in the series was filled with pointless scenes of tits, sex and violence rather than context the actual prophecies would be useless although not all of them (betrayals). As for me they could have dispensed with the visions altogether. A lot more could have been said during the showdown with the 13 Pyat prees (A nice touch ...was it one or 13 identical warlocks...sadly left resolved in the worst possible way) than by wasting time and money for vague scenes that tell absolutely nothing. And the warlock(s) were disappointing too... in the novels they were permanentnly hight with shade of the evening... in the series just plain creepy.
4270	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	I know, I was looking for a blue rose from the moment she stepped foot out there.  And in the throne room I was waiting to hear some disembodied voice boom out 'Let him be the king of ashes' or something like that.  For a second I was even expecting to see a Wolf protecting a baby, to symbolize Ned and Jon.  Something, anything to represent a prophecy would have been nice...I will say though, I actually read an episode recap article that described the scene in a way that almost makes me think that the writers were in fact trying to make their own prophecies about what is to come in the series with these scenes.   Here is (basically) what it said that got me thinking like this:'Dany is just about to touch the Iron Throne when she hears her dragons and follows their cries, leading her through a different door which brings her to the Wall'Maybe I am just reading too much into it (because this is based on my own speculation about where the story is heading), but I think what happened there could be symbolic about what will happen once Dany reaches Westeros.  She will at first be in pursuit of the Iron Throne, and just when she is about to get it something happens.  A betrayal?  A revelation? Something to throw her off her course.  Whatever it is, I think it will lead her North.  To the Wall, to the fight with the Others, etc..  I'm not sure what the significance of that tent with Drogo and the baby in it being at the Wall is though.....That she will find that domestic bliss in the North (with Jon)?  That she will die there, and that is when Drogo will return to her?  I don't know.I'm sure they are symbolic (or at least I hope...) and they were visually stunning but they missed out some really important, fundamental things she should have seen. I was sure they would at least show the blue rose. Of course I wasn't expecting to see Rhaegar or to hear anything about Aegon because people (non-readers) wouldn't understand since none of the two have actually ever been mentioned (Rhaegar once or twice in season 1).
4271	Reposado	2012-06-05	........why another thread on this?  I think it's well-covered alreadywhy another post complaining about the existence of the thread? the first one covered it.here's an idea that would have burned down this forum for days and created some real drama for the non-book people:dress kit harington up in silver hair and age him a bit and have him play rhaegar in the scene.
4272	CardMaster24	2012-06-05	The scene was good its just the fact that all of us want all those visions in there
I do think the visions wil come back and screw them in a few years when TWOW is released and they are necessary though the show will just have to do some more edditing
4273	Morvran	2012-06-05	why another post complaining about the existence of the thread? the first one covered it.Because I didn't bother reading further into the thread.
4274	Seekrit Targaryen	2012-06-05	I cannot express how pissed/disappointed I am.Pissappointed?
4275	Silverx2	2012-06-05	I believe the hotu scene wasn't about the phopecies anymore so much as it was about showing the viewer that the dragons have brought magic back into the world. The warlocks made a plan to lock the dragons and dany up in order to enhance that power.
she had 2 visions which represented temptation, one was for duty(throne room destroyed, iron throne empty), one was for love(Drogo and their child), each time she gave up what she wanted in order to get her dragons.
Was it like the books? no.
Was it extremely well done? yes.
4276	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I think non-book-readers would have been thoroughly confused with the visions from the novels. They haven't spent nearly enough time on the exposition that would have been required to have them make any sense.
4277	DaveSumm	2012-06-05	Name one vision from the book that would have made sense to TV viewers. The only conceivable candidate is the RW, and given that this is TV and not a book, you can't just vaguely describe a wedding, you'd have to show Stark men and the man on the throne. 
I cannot for the life of me get my head round why anyone thought, after all the changes made this season, that the HotU visions would remotely resemble the book version.
4278	7V3N	2012-06-05	Name one vision from the book that would have made sense to TV viewers. The only conceivable candidate is the RW, and given that this is TV and not a book, you can't just vaguely describe a wedding, you'd have to show Stark men and the man on the throne.I cannot for the life of me get my head round why anyone thought, after all the changes made this season, that the HotU visions would remotely resemble the book version.Name one vision that truly made sense at the time. I knew those visions meant something and were foreshadowing events, but I just had no idea what events. I think it would have made as much sense to them as it did to me at the time.And I always suspected it'd be different due to how this season has gone, but I had no idea they would cut it all and make something completely new (Pyat Pree is the only warlock?). I figured it'd go straight to the undying after a creepy scene of Dany passing through all sorts of hallways while hearing whispers and echoes.
4279	just want to search	2012-06-05	http://www.hollywood...-ratings-332646
4280	Died a Hero	2012-06-03	I just watched most of season 2 again this afternoon and caught something Quaithe said that I overlooked before. When Ser Jorah asked for her name, her reply was "I am no one." and the way she said it, it sounded very purposeful. A strange woman in a lacquered mask who spouts prophecies? Could she be a faceless man? I know she's meant to be from Asshai and not Braavos, and that seven straight hours of television have probably melted my brain. Still, I thought I'd toss this out there.
4281	Ciglon	2012-06-04	And why would a FM be following Dany around (not killing anyone, mind you, to the best of our knowledge) and encouraging her to go to Asshai-beyond-the-shadow? Interesting thought, but I can't see it playing out considering what would the FM know about prophecies? Also, with the masks, maybe there is some tradition with some Asshai'i to be 'no one' so to speak, and always wear a mask. Obliteration of the self and a lack of self-identity are not too uncommon of philosophies in some Eastern beliefs, I think most likely they are unrelated. Not too mention she never actually said anything like that in the books (at least I don't remember off-hand).
4282	turdle	2012-06-04	I just watched most of season 2 again this afternoon and caught something Quaithe said that I overlooked before. When Ser Jorah asked for her name, her reply was "I am no one." and the way she said it, it sounded very purposeful. A strange woman in a lacquered mask who spouts prophecies? Could she be a faceless man? I know she's meant to be from Asshai and not Braavos, and that seven straight hours of television have probably melted my brain. Still, I thought I'd toss this out there.that thought also crossed my mind that she's a faceless man, but don't know what to make of it. perhaps that's the role they've made for her on tv, but not in the books.
4283	FateLess	2012-06-04	Yup. I noticed that as well. Incidentally, when that episode aired, I was in the middle of one of Arya's chapter in A Dance with Dragons. Hence, noticed that expression distinctly. However, I am of the opinion that the book readers should not read too much into "hints" dropped by the writers of the series here and there.
It is pretty clear that the TV series is not a strict port over from paper to screen. If the series' writers consider Dany's "The House of the Undying" sequence unworthy of screen time, it stands to reason that they would not bother with the dialogue detail such as Quaith calling herself "no one".
4284	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	I just watched most of season 2 again this afternoon and caught something Quaithe said that I overlooked before. When Ser Jorah asked for her name, her reply was "I am no one." and the way she said it, it sounded very purposeful. A strange woman in a lacquered mask who spouts prophecies? Could she be a faceless man? I know she's meant to be from Asshai and not Braavos, and that seven straight hours of television have probably melted my brain. Still, I thought I'd toss this out there.good catch! not sure what to make of it.  If the show were more faithfully mirroring all the mythology of the books, I would definitely take that as a clue to Quaithe.
4285	The Last Reyne	2012-06-05	I know GRRM is not one for coincedence but I think in this case a cigar is just a cigar.
4286	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	Strangely, because of this thread, I noticed when flipping through A Storm of Swords that Jaime actually uses a similar phrase when he is first returning to King's Landing.  "He would be no one's cousin, no one's enemy, no one's sworn sword, in sum... no one."  I know it's not like a hugely unique phrase, but I thought that was sort of interesting.
4287	Tourniquet	2012-06-05	I think its just a cool thing to say that they writers through in there. I am no one means to not remember or talk about this conversation taking place.
4288	Linda	2012-06-03	Of all the atrocious decisions taken in the adaptation of the second season -- having Joffrey and not Cersei be the one to order the killing of the bastards, having Robb fall for a spunky and socially progressive chick from Volantis, cutting out virtually all of the poignant material between Jon and Qhorin, leaving out virtually all the dark character development from Arya's arc, to name but a few -- the utter travesty that is the show's version of the House of the Undying takes the cake. In fact, it takes the whole dessert table.
I/we will be writing a longer piece on how poorly handled both Dany and Dany's whole storyline have been in the second season, contrasting it with the very clear purpose of Qarth in the books, so right now I am just concentrating on the House of the Undying.
Instead of a single one of the visions that Dany actually sees, we get a vision of Khal Drogo. Talk about a cheap-ass publicity stunt to squeeze Jason Momoa back in. Now, it is true that perhaps some of the visions she sees would be too spoilery on TV as opposed to when read, but why not just compensate for that by toning down what is shown? Or going entirely to Dany hearing but not seeing things? I expect that there would be cuts and changes, in particular I expected some of the visuals to disappear. I did not expect them to just throw everything out.
We have, as of yet, not had a single mention of either the Song of Ice and Fire or the Prince that was Promised in the series. What more, not only did they cut out the visions, they cut the whole prophecy. So far, all we have gotten for Dany is an abbreviated version of Mirri Maz Duur's prophecy.
So, they continue to cut out the past from the story and in addition to that they also cut out most of the prophecies. Both these are very significant elements of the story. Whatever the producers and writers might think, A Song of Ice and Fire isn't just about battles and boobs.
The past still matters, it enriches and makes the present more poignant. We'll likely never see Rhaegar now, not to mention Elia. What viewers will care about them? What viewers will care about Rhaegar and Lyanna when they ultimately have to become more important to the story? What viewers will care particularly about the Martells without any establishing of Elia?
The prophecies...well, who can deny their importance? As we see in A Dance with Dragons, even the most obscure ones do come true, just not in ways one might have expected. Magic isn't just dragons and Others.
A Song of Ice and Fire is a multi-layered and multi-faceted story. That also means that people do read it for different reasons. Some may take in all aspects of the story with near equal enjoyment, others may favour some aspects and dislike others. The mysteries of the past and the prophecies fuel a large amount of the discussion on the forums. They are clearly important aspects for many, many fans. And the show has just ripped them out of the story almost wholesale.
Furious doesn't come close to describing what I am today. Nor does disappointed.
I had said before the season started that for this season, the only thing I really hoped for was that they would get the House of the Undying right. If not, I would find it hard to continue watching. Since they didn't even try to get it right, they just threw it in the trash, I have absolutely no interest in watching any more. Unfortunately, we have a lot tied up in the coverage of the show, so I'll probably have to keep watching to some degree anyway. But I no longer look forward to new episodes because the story has been gutted of what matters the most to me and because I do not expect any of the scenes I truly care about to make it in, at least not without being butchered beyond recognition.
As far as I am concerned, it is no longer an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, it is an mainly an original story in the A Song of Ice and Fire setting. And it isn't particularly good.
4289	Qwop22	2012-06-03	Never mind HotU, that ending was weak. I thought I was suddenly watching The Walking Dead. As so White Walkers just look at Sam and walk right past him? Rrriigghhtttt
4290	SerMixalot	2012-06-03	Ummm Maester Luwin completely disregards his oath to serve the lord of winterfell by not telling theon about B&R
Now we KNOW Varys is truly a eunich
Dany will burn KL
Drogo WILL return
what else from books 6 and 7 did D&D reveal
4291	SerMixalot	2012-06-03	The motives of the FM now change to "they will help you seek vengence on that list of yours" instead of death is a gift and the FM do NOT allow personal motives to play into their decision making
and
ARYA DID NOT KILL ANYONE!
4292	tsunad	2012-06-03	The way it was adapted, the entire House of the Undying plot could have been cut with no damage to the plot or character development.
4293	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-06-03	can't help but sympathize with you completely Queen of Innuendo,
4294	Caryn Stark	2012-06-03	How hard would it have been to add a blue rose growing out of the wall? Or to have Quaithe tell her the prophecies? I want to cry.
4295	StannisWins	2012-06-03	It's going to be a loooong break between season.
I liked the ep, but I see why people are upset about HotU.
All of this "I'm done with this show!" stuff is lame though. It's an adaption, some stuff has been close to perfect, some stuff never will be.
4296	cooper56	2012-06-03	You will never please book fans. Even in s1 with one little thing off they bitch. Its a tv show its not same story get it through your head its got to be addpted for tv books and tv and other media not the same.
4297	Eogh	2012-06-03	Yes, Dany's visions in the HotU were definitely striking visually, but other than that no real substance to them. Prophecies are dumped /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Also, that scene with Drogo was mind-numbingly useless. Still, though there are certainly changes made that I do not enjoy and get annoyed by, can't say I hate the show or anything. Still love it.
4298	A Stark in Salem	2012-06-03	I didn't hate the episode overall, but my expectations hit rock bottom a few weeks ago so from that low anything even half-way decent has been OK for me. I have had to sort of take the approach of deciding I'm seeing a "summary version" of the books, with some poorly contrived and useless sections mixed in with some spot on scenes to make it worth staying with Yeah, the Others scene started out strong especially at a distance, but once you just see them shuffling along it got a little silly. Except the rotting horse- that was great and very like the book.
And seriously, why have Sam sitting there and the leader wight sees him? What, a fat crying coward is not worth chowing down on? Don't think so! Though one more line about Gilly and I would have been glad to see him chomped or skewered!
4299	Tarandor	2012-06-03	I can totally see why people will be upset, the HotU was fairly lackluster, and I really expected it to take up the majority of the episode...still that being said, I can't imagine ever saying I'll never watch again. I know it won't be perfect, I know they can't do everything. I have high hopes for next season, so I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Though... whyyyy did Quaithe make mention of Jorah's betrayal if they weren't even going to touch on the three? I thought for sure that since they brought that up it would be mentioned at the HotU.
4300	A Stark in Salem	2012-06-03	You will never please book fans. Even in s1 with one little thing off they bitch. Its a tv show its not same story get it through your head its got to be addpted for tv books and tv and other media not the same.Not true- 1st season was awesome, even when a few things diverged. And a few times some changes were for the better, or helped make a point more clearly. This season wasn't about little things, it was major plots and characters completely re-worked, often for no good reason, and always for the worse. It's not just budget stuff- that can be forgiven. It's many times simple things like what is said that totally changes the point of the story. No reason to screw with it so much and believe me, it will come back and bite the writers later on when all these things add up to huge mess that will be that much harder to resolve.
4301	sbjackdaw	2012-06-03	cooper56, how much can they change the story before it crosses the line from an adaptation to an 'inspired by'? Where is that line for you?
4302	Eogh	2012-06-03	My optimistic guess is that Dany will be visited by Quaithe sometime early next season where she will deliver the prophecies. That would go at least some way towards making up for their lack in the HotU. Also, quite liked the actress they have as Quaithe.
4303	Goral	2012-06-03	The way it was adapted, the entire House of the Undying plot could have been cut with no damage to the plot or character development.That's why I was skipping every Dany scene there was. To be honest I was skipping many of them.  Terrible season, although last 2 episodes (i.e. ep. 9 and 10) were decent.
4304	Bastard of Boston	2012-06-03	I can see why people are upset...I guess. The House of the Undying is a pretty pivotal point in the series, as is the "legend of Lyanna and Rhaegar." I still enjoy the show. Gotta say it's disheartening to see others are not, but such is life. It certainly keeps things lively around these parts. I feel like, warts and all, the show still has a lot to offer as a TV show. My entire stance has been that I can't begin to fathom the Herculean feat it is to adapt such an intricately woven series of novels, so I tend to always give the show the benefit of the doubt.
I have this wish that -- considering how long it takes GRRM to write the books -- that, when D&D run out of books to adapt, we'll get seasons dedicated to "flashing back" to Robert's Rebellion and drama which led up to it. I actually don't think it would be a bad idea. Maybe it would go a long way in repairing this disconnect which is developing between book purists and Game of Thrones production.
4305	Sxxman	2012-06-03	I sympathize with some of your points but to be honest (and don't take this personally) reading your post reinforces one of the main reasons why non-book readers despise those who have read the books.  The endless complaining about characters not being introduced or events happening in the books but not in the show and vice-versa.  There were warnings of this when the writers said that some characters introduction would be delayed until the next season....but people didn't listen.  They said that they would adapt the series as a whole not each individual book....but people didn't listen. Most complain about future plots being ruined when you DON'T KNOW HOW IT WILL END ON THE SHOW.  Some review episodes based on how close it is to the books rather than each episode on its merits. Don't bring me this "I don't care if it's the same...I just want good writing" because 95% of non-book readers love the writing on the show.  
If you don't like it...don't watch it and please don't spread your misery on to those who enjoy the series.  People have complained since SYRIO WAS SHOWN WITH HAIR!  You have your opinion, I respect it (despite what my rant suggests, I really don't hate any of ya'll lol) but you have to understand for those who love the show AND the books, it is depressing to see some of these comments.  Again I hate to sound like a broken record but I'm not trying to offend anyone or start a flame war.
4306	Gabriel Franco	2012-06-03	I think what HBO is doing is disrespectful
You CAN NOT just ignore important moments in character development like that
It's one thing to ADAPT or make small changes, but that's not what happening here
And they just don't care
Why? 'Cause people won't read the books anyway
They'll just watch the show and say "WOW, ain't HBO fantastic?"
Honestly? **** HBO and their TV series, **** you very much for the lack of consideration towards the people that actually liked the story
And to the people saying "Yeah, it sucks, but I'll keep on watching": have some self respect man!
4307	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-06-03	I will still watch the show, because I love watching the characters on screen, but I will try to separate it from the books. The only thing that upsets me is the feeling that the tv viewers are being cheated out of a great story. Unless you read the books, the show is starting to become a dark soap opera. It's difficult explaining to my friends and family how wonderfully awesome this series is when the show is turning it into such a joke. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
4308	Nymphetamine	2012-06-03	I thought it was a decent episode overall and I still will enjoy the series, but the HotU was just awful. So I guess Dany will burn King's Landing.
4309	Terilien	2012-06-03	I think railing on people who complain should be banned.
4310	niA±ostark	2012-06-03	the house of undying... with not a single undying
jon being a stupid brat and qhorin didn't mean shit
dany and her gang stealing gold
invisible people burning winterfell...
what else can I say... adaptations are good (just take a look at Tyrion's arc) but fan fiction sucks... and sucks hard
4311	FirelordSylar22	2012-06-03	How is this show becoming a joke? Explain that? It's far from it, there is a reason many people are calling it the best show on TV. Because the show is amazing, whether or not it sticks to the books 100% doesn't matter, what matters is that they give us a great show and that is EXACTLY what they're doing.
I can understand passion for the source material, but this is going to far.
4312	Terilien	2012-06-03	Why, because some of us don't want this board to become a 24/7 whinefest about how the show isn't like the books.  You want people to respect your opinion but you don't want to respect those whose own opinions are contrary to yours.  You have every right to complain about the show every day of the week and I have every right to tell you that it's annoying. Because someone posts a scathing critique, and people storm at them and call them sourpusses and tell them to shut up. The former might be annoying, but the latter is rude. Expressing disagreement is one thing calling someone an awful shebat to silence them is another.
					
					
							Edited by Terilien, 03 June 2012 - 11:57 PM.
4313	Tetrarch42	2012-06-03	The episode was pretty good overall, the ending was really cool. Stannis' character on the other hand...? What have they done with my favourite character?
4314	Terilien	2012-06-03	The episode was pretty good overall, the ending was really cool. Stannis' character on the other hand...? What have they done with my favourite character?Forced their (perhaps legitimate) interpretation down our throats.
4315	Lannes	2012-06-03	I can totally see why people will be upset, the HotU was fairly lackluster, and I really expected it to take up the majority of the episode...still that being said, I can't imagine ever saying I'll never watch again. I know it won't be perfect, I know they can't do everything. I have high hopes for next season, so I'm keeping my fingers crossed.Though... whyyyy did Quaithe make mention of Jorah's betrayal if they weren't even going to touch on the three? I thought for sure that since they brought that up it would be mentioned at the HotU.I'm OK with most of the changes or omissions, but honestly, it seems to me that the show is very heavily script edited while they are shooting. It often has that herky jerky feel, at least to me.
4316	Lord SnavE OtirB	2012-06-03	Not true- 1st season was awesome, even when a few things diverged. And a few times some changes were for the better, or helped make a point more clearly. This season wasn't about little things, it was major plots and characters completely re-worked, often for no good reason, and always for the worse. It's not just budget stuff- that can be forgiven. It's many times simple things like what is said that totally changes the point of the story. No reason to screw with it so much and believe me, it will come back and bite the writers later on when all these things add up to huge mess that will be that much harder to resolve.I agree with you, there are changes that i cant understand why they did it
4317	Stenbuck	2012-06-04	I'm usually not one to get into discussions like these but please people, stop flaming whoever dislikes the changes done to the story and the characters. We are not "lucky" to have the series, it's not a "gift" - I mean, it's nice that it's being adapted, but you have to remember that HBO is making money out of it, otherwise they simply wouldn't be making the episodes at all. I simply cannot fathom why changes would be done to stuff like dialogue, or why characters have to be pointlessly changed. The first season was INCREDIBLE; in fact, it is so faithful to the book that I tell everyone I know who has watched it to skip straight ahead to the second book; the only thing they really lose is the Tower of Joy. However, the changes done in this season were not, IN ANY WAY, minor, as some people seem to be suggesting. Syrio having hair is so ridiculously minor I didn't even notice it until people pointed out that some were complaining about it. Mago dying is insignificant, they can just replace him. However, in terms of only characterisation, in this episode alone:Why have Brienne be sadistic? She killed her first man only in book 4, and it was a huge event in her life. Now she stabs this dude in the belly out of pure spite?Why turn Shae's character completly around like this? Is she not going to sell Tyrion out? If she is, how do they expect to sell it to viewers?Why make LF so overt with Sansa and offer her the means to escape himself (this reminds me - why did they bother with Dontos if they're gonna skip that plot point?) - this could obviously bite him in the ass later, and LF is not one to make such mistakes.Why have Jaqen make Arya understand as if she would join the FM to learn how to become an assassin with the explicit purpose of getting revenge?Why kill the development for Jon and Qhorin? All they needed to do was do away with that stupid chase with Ygritte (or maybe chase then lose her and find his brothers) and have Jon be ambushed along with Qhorin, just like in the books. Hell, it could've even saved time in the end.etc.I'm not saying the series is broken, or bad, or any number of things. However, me and many others feel that the changes are pointless, add nothing to the story, are often NOT related to the book-> TV transition (see all of the above), and only actually weaken the overall plot and characters. Which is just... sad.The House of the Undying, as the OP mentioned, was like a punch in the gut. It's one of Dany's most important chapters and it is also one of the most important chapters for the series as a whole. Much of what she sees there will guide her thoughts and her actions all through the next books (three heads has the dragon, three treasons will you know, etc. etc.), while also being a lost opportunity for a great, trippy scene, while ALSO losing the potential for TV viewers to discuss the prophecies and what is to come. It felt just so... empty and contrived the way it was done. Did not like. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4318	Ser Giant	2012-06-04	I can't believe people expected a "based on" TV show to to be so close to the novels. I am more surprised that the show keeps as much of the source material as it does. If you can't view it as absolutely independant from the books you're just setting yourself up for dissapointment.
This is a great television show(even though there was so much cheese in tonight's dialogue that I'm now constipated), this isnt a perfect adaptation of a novel. It never will be. They dont have a team of GRRMs locked in a dungeon cranking out episodes.
4319	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	Of all the atrocious decisions taken in the adaptation of the second season -- having Joffrey and not Cersei be the one to order the killing of the bastards, having Robb fall for a spunky and socially progressive chick from Volantis, cutting out virtually all of the poignant material between Jon and Qhorin, leaving out virtually all the dark character development from Arya's arc, to name but a few -- the utter travesty that is the show's version of the House of the Undying takes the cake. In fact, it takes the whole dessert table.I/we will be writing a longer piece on how poorly handled both Dany and Dany's whole storyline have been in the second season, contrasting it with the very clear purpose of Qarth in the books, so right now I am just concentrating on the House of the Undying.I can't wait to read that, Linda. I keep complaining to my non-reader husband that they have really done a number on the character of Danaerys. It's really aggravating. In fact, all of the women in GoT have been written with the same broad brush: spunky, bitchy, shrewish. Here comes Sansa! oh look, she's a bratty smart aleck. Here comes Shae! Oh look, she's a spunky, smart aleck, take-charge girl! Here comes, whoever that replacement Jeyne Westerling is! oh look, isn't she spunky, take-charge and socially-conscious!Here comes Dany! oh, watch her scream about what's hers! Here comes Brienne! oh look how spunky and take-charge she is!I understand that there was alot of hand-wringing about the treatment of women in Westeros last season. But come on! Can't we have one woman who is multifaceted, or even (gasp!) sweet, innocent, kind...and still strong? is the only way to be a strong woman by being bitchy? grrrWe have, as of yet, not had a single mention of either the Song of Ice and Fire or the Prince that was Promised in the series. What more, not only did they cut out the visions, they cut the whole prophecy. So far, all we have gotten for Dany is an abbreviated version of Mirri Maz Duur's prophecy.So, they continue to cut out the past from the story and in addition to that they also cut out most of the prophecies. Both these are very significant elements of the story. Whatever the producers and writers might think, A Song of Ice and Fire isn't just about battles and boobs.The past still matters, it enriches and makes the present more poignant. We'll likely never see Rhaegar now, not to mention Elia. What viewers will care about them? What viewers will care about Rhaegar and Lyanna when they ultimately have to become more important to the story? What viewers will care particularly about the Martells without any establishing of Elia?The prophecies...well, who can deny their importance? As we see in A Dance with Dragons, even the most obscure ones do come true, just not in ways one might have expected. Magic isn't just dragons and Others./agree Linda. ASoIaF is one long, complicated and possibly intertwined mystery. I myself am constantly re-reading, trying to unravel GRRM's mystery in eacy nuanced scene, memory, half-told story, awkward pauses, etc. It's the heart of the book series. But not apparently, GoT.A Song of Ice and Fire is a multi-layered and multi-faceted story. That also means that people do read it for different reasons. Some may take in all aspects of the story with near equal enjoyment, others may favour some aspects and dislike others. The mysteries of the past and the prophecies fuel a large amount of the discussion on the forums. They are clearly important aspects for many, many fans. And the show has just ripped them out of the story almost wholesale.Furious doesn't come close to describing what I am today. Nor does disappointed.Right there with you, Sister.I had said before the season started that for this season, the only thing I really hoped for was that they would get the House of the Undying right. If not, I would find it hard to continue watching. Since they didn't even try to get it right, they just threw it in the trash, I have absolutely no interest in watching any more. Unfortunately, we have a lot tied up in the coverage of the show, so I'll probably have to keep watching to some degree anyway. But I no longer look forward to new episodes because the story has been gutted of what matters the most to me and because I do not expect any of the scenes I truly care about to make it in, at least not without being butchered beyond recognition.As far as I am concerned, it is no longer an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, it is an mainly an original story in the A Song of Ice and Fire setting. And it isn't particularly good.I almost quit during the season, and it is no longer "must see TV" for me. I am not sure I can live on one GRRM-penned episode a season.cooper56, how much can they change the story before it crosses the line from an adaptation to an 'inspired by'? Where is that line for you?For those of you backlashing against us readers, Linda's post is not directed to you. It's directed to fans (the readers) of A Song of Ice and Fire. sbjackdaw hits the nail on the head: at what point do the changes to the story mean that GoT is no longer an adaptation? It seems to me that it has definitely gone the way of "inspired by". Which is fine for those of you who just like watching the HBO series. I'll be a reader who may be bowing out. And sharing with my fellow readers the reasons why.Linda, thank you so much for your post! I felt very alone in my opinion.
4320	CacauCinnamon	2012-06-04	I had disappointments. Still, I think it is some great series and is still think is a good adaptation!
Was I sad that Arya's story did not go as dark as I expected? Oh boy, yes I was.
Was I sad that the House of the Undying wasn't more like the books? Yup. At least a whisper while she's leaving could have been awesome...
Still, I think Theon was handled well and many parts were handled well. We don't know if the profecies won't show up some other way. It's not the final season, just the second one!
I was sad they were blowing my ship when the Reeds did not show up, but hey! Season 3 will have them and my ship will be setting sail again!
And hey, ppl! No prejudice with the book readers! I have lots of friends who've read the books and all of them enjoy the series.
Sometimes we discuss changes, yes, but I love this series and I'm grateful for it.
I wouldn't have discovered the books if it wasn't for the first season. I've devoured the books since.
It is an adaptation. Changes will happen. Some you'll like, some you won't, but it's the overall that counts and we still have some seasons yet to see. We can't know what is totally left behind until the last one... Specially big things.
Still, I understand pouring your heart out is important sometimes! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Well, I'll be anxious for season 3! Actually, already am!
4321	teetch	2012-06-04	I thought the choices made in the HoTU scenes were odd as well, though that darned baby was so "stallion that mounts the world"-- CUTE.  The scene in the throne room was really dazzling, but I wanted more of the prophecies to show up as well.  I wonder if Quaithe will show up to prognosticate more as the "khalasar" take their leave of Qarth next season.  Word has it that the Reeds WILL show up next season (Yay), as well as some other familiar missing in action faces.  I was so VERY glad to see Summer and Shaggydog finally show up again...where the heck were they when Theon (rhymes with...oh...not yet)...was taking over the damn place, or when the "invisible" bastard---Ramsay Bolton torched Winterfell?  And come to think of it...where the heck is Ghost?  I dunno...I must be rather alone in actually LIKING Robb's choice somewhat better in the film...Jeyne just didn't do much for me...this woman seems more of a match for the "King in the North"...though still a deadly mistake, no less. Finally...I did not like the ending scene very well...I think it just showed way too much...it should have been much more suspenseful and drawn out...if they HAD to change it.  When is "Sam the Slayer" going to show up do you suppose?  He's just sitting there getting stared at...and the White Walker, though not "bad", didn't live up to the truly fearful depiction...showing less...doing more...in the VERY first episode.  *sigh*  I like the show, I really do.  I can't help it.  I kind of enjoy picking apart the differences, but I can't help but enjoy the show.
4322	Ffiferoo	2012-06-04	I have to say, I find it rather silly how many people will come into threads like this one and the nitpick threads to complain about people being unhappy about changes.  Everyone keeps saying that if people don't like the changes from the book, stop watching the show - how about if you don't want to read opinions that criticize the show, just don't read those posts, keep scrolling, read the next one that doesn't bother you.  Even easier than changing the channel.
4323	victim	2012-06-04	Actually, I loved the HotU and the rest of this episode. I felt like HotU was amicable in that it was shown to be a very magical place that is very far from reality -- it almost felt as though Dany had stumbled into her own little slice of heaven before everything went wrong. The "Dracarys" scene was done quite well, though I will admit the fire CGI looked cheesy as hell. 
I loved-loved-loved the Tyrion/Shae/Varys scene, as well as the scene in the throne room; everything in King's Landing pretty much. Theon's scene with Luwin was magical, my only wish is that we got to see a bit of the Sack of Winterfell and what happened to Dagmer, Black Loren and unconscious-Theon; it really felt as though the iron-born burnt Winterfell on their own, I wish Luwin gave us some insight. Sam being left alone by the White Walker was very strange as well, but the scene served it's purpose and was the perfect mirror to last season's dragon reveal. 
I am very interested to see what non-book readers say of the Jon/Qhorin fight. I personally felt like more time was needed for them to do it right, perhaps a scene earlier in the episode would have sufficed to reiterate that Qhorin wanted Jon 'to do what must be done.' It almost seemed as Jon did what he did out of self-defense, which is very wrong. Though the "We are the watcher's on the Wall" was extremely well placed and I think will very much remind everyone of who Jon is, despite him losing his way. 
Ros may actually have a purpose now as something other than boob-girl, which is kind of cool.
4324	Fredwin	2012-06-04	Never mind HotU, that ending was weak. I thought I was suddenly watching The Walking Dead. As so White Walkers just look at Sam and walk right past him? Rrriigghhtttt I have to agree with this. I don't care about book vs television much, but this was just a poorly done scene. If you don't have a budget, don't make it so obvious. I've seen undead in crappy zombie movie remakes that look more threatening than that. The white walker looked pretty cool, but wow, that's NOT how you introduce it.
4325	The Last Reyne	2012-06-04	I sympathize with some of your points but to be honest (and don't take this personally) reading your post reinforces one of the main reasons why non-book readers despise those who have read the books.  The endless complaining about characters not being introduced or events happening in the books but not in the show and vice-versa.  There were warnings of this when the writers said that some characters introduction would be delayed until the next season....but people didn't listen.  They said that they would adapt the series as a whole not each individual book....but people didn't listen. Most complain about future plots being ruined when you DON'T KNOW HOW IT WILL END ON THE SHOW.  Some review episodes based on how close it is to the books rather than each episode on its merits. Don't bring me this "I don't care if it's the same...I just want good writing" because 95% of non-book readers love the writing on the show.  If you don't like it...don't watch it and please don't spread your misery on to those who enjoy the series.  People have complained since SYRIO WAS SHOWN WITH HAIR!  You have your opinion, I respect it (despite what my rant suggests, I really don't hate any of ya'll lol) but you have to understand for those who love the show AND the books, it is depressing to see some of these comments.  Again I hate to sound like a broken record but I'm not trying to offend anyone or start a flame war.If you do not agree either state your opinion arguing against or do not read this thread. It seems pretty clear from the thread title that this was likely to be a rant thread. If it depresses you so much stay away from those types of threads. Those of us who like a little misery adn to be able to rant a bit will be fine without you constantly telling us to get over it. Perhaps you should get over it.Having said that lets not throw the baby out with the bath water. Much was good about the episode and the season. The important part is they got the characters to the points they needed to get to in the end. Would I have preferred more time with the Halhand (who's story line they really butchered)? Yes. Would I have preferred weasel soup? Yes. Would I have preferred more from the HOTU (like maybe one prophecy)? Yes. But in the end the main characters got into the positions they needed to be in to see the story move in the right direction. In the end I think that it is what most readers are concerned with.
4326	phonybaloney	2012-06-04	I thought the scene was weak, but the one thing that grates more than any other is the sheer number of "relationship" conversations they contrived out of thin air.  In just this episode there were long and relatively pointless scenes between Rob/new wife, Dany/Drogo, and Tyrion/Shae.
I understand broadening an audience and making the show accessible to more people, but they just waste scene after scene with this romance bent.  They're just kind of missing the point of what made the books great.
4327	The Great Unwashed	2012-06-04	I didn't have so much of a problem with the decision to remove some or all of the prophecy aspects of the story.  It's a legitimate decision to make in an adaptation when the prophecy isn't strictly necessary to the plot of the story (although the lack of it certainly takes away some of the flavor).  
What I did have a problem with was the decision to even include the HoTU if you're going to cut the prophecies.  The entire point of the HoTU was the prophecies.  Removing the prophecies but leaving the HoTU gives us exactly what we got...a hokey and awkward scene that didn't drive the plot, didn't develop characterization, that didn't really have a point. Honestly, it just seemed like a fan service scene, without the service, like they got together and decided all the fans would be pissed if it wasnt included, but then removed the sole reason why the fans wanted it included.  
It just seems like that time could have been better spent elsewhere.
					
					
							Edited by The Great Unwashed, 04 June 2012 - 01:58 AM.
4328	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	I thought the choices made in the HoTU scenes were odd as well, though that darned baby was so "stallion that mounts the world"-- CUTE.  The scene in the throne room was .....  *sigh*  I like the show, I really do.  I can't help it.  I kind of enjoy picking apart the differences, but I can't help but enjoy the show.Actually, I loved the HotU and the rest of this episode.....Iloved-loved-loved the Tyrion/Shae/Varys scene, as well as the scene in the throne room; everything in King's Landing pretty much. Theon's scene with Luwin was magical, my only wish is ....... but the scene served it's purpose and was the perfect mirror to last season's dragon reveal.I am very interested to see what non-book readers say of the Jon/Qhorin fight. .......Ros may actually have a purpose now as something other than boob-girl, which is kind of cool.I'd like to thank you both for your really calm and reasonable defense of the HBO series.  Unlike what someone wrote above, rudeness and name-calling are not just part of the Internet, at least, not on these forums.  Though you both disagreed with the OP, you did so respectfully and stated your defense of the show.Anyway, thanks for showing the classless folks above how disagreement on Asoiaf.westeros.org is done.edited to include The Last Reyne and The Great Unwashed for kudos and thanks.edited: the awesome Moderators have taken care of the very rude posts that were in this thread, which may make this post confusing to new visitors.  Suffice it to say, that Civility may be knocked around briefly on these forums, but she always comes back to rule.  With help from the Mods.  :-)
					
					
							Edited by A Song of Hound and Wolves, 04 June 2012 - 03:02 AM.
4329	Niere	2012-06-04	I can't remember what happened in the book, did Dany lock Doreah in that room? That bit took me by surprise, I didn't think it was something her character would do.
4330	Djinn	2012-06-04	Avoiding the whole book vs tv debate. Season 1 was, IMHO much better written and paced then season 2. And there's a clear gap in quality in the writing between episode 9 and episode 10. Have to agree with most of the critices to the final scene with the white walkers. Looked like a cheesy Walking dead scene.
4331	victim	2012-06-04	I can't remember what happened in the book, did Dany lock Doreah in that room? That bit took me by surprise, I didn't think it was something her character would do. Doreah actually died in the first Dany chapter of Clash. I knew they kept her around for a reason. That turned into a change I quite liked.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 04 June 2012 - 02:08 AM.
4332	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	I can't remember what happened in the book, did Dany lock Doreah in that room? That bit took me by surprise, I didn't think it was something her character would do.No Doreah died from starvation/exposure/thirst in the Red Wastes, before Qarth.  In fact, even before they find the abandoned city.Basically, none of that happened.  Xaro Xhoan Daxos was on friendly terms with Dany even after she burned down the House of the Undying.  None of the "Thirteen" stuff had happened in the book.Yeah, I agree, I didn't think it was something Dany would do.  She's tough, but not at all sadistic.  Made her seem rather "Targaryen" in all the wrong ways.  Actually, most of her scenes this season, several of which have her screaming and ranting, have seemed pretty Targaryen-y, by which I mean, crazy.  Which of course, is the exact opposite of  the portrait of Danaerys that Martin has spent the series painting.
					
					
							Edited by A Song of Hound and Wolves, 04 June 2012 - 02:22 AM.
4333	Jameson Snow	2012-06-04	I think the biggest reason the HotU was so disappointing was because we spent like 4 or 5 episodes hearing about this place and just kind of dicking around in Qarth, waiting til we get to go check it out. And it ended up being just the epitome of anticlimactic. I'm not so upset that they changed the content of what was in there, but more so that they had all this time with Dany where she's just doing effin' nothing. I feel like they shouldn't be so concerned with confining the seasons to a particular book. Like, let's go to the HotU in episode 6 or 7, and maybe meet Arstan in 8 or 10? Or something along those lines. There's plenty of stuff for her to keep busy with next season. Point is, ADVANCE the story. Khaleesi was one of my top 3 favorite characters in Season 1. Now she is absolutely my least favorite. She whined and complained and just yelled about her dragons all season long.
My biggest disappointment was Theon's storyline. We don't get any sign of Ramsay. Then Roose mentions him in back to back episodes, giving us hope. Then the theories were a-flyin' about Dagmer=Ramsay and we're waiting to see something happen and who is right and end up getting squat! The Ironborn betray him. No Ramsay. Yet. I was looking forward to this big reveal all season long. Never happened. Just a bummer, man.
I understand people saying it's an adaption and we should stop complaining. But if you watch/read any interview with GRRM, you will hear him say how many times he turned people down who wanted to adapt his story into movies/shows because they were not staying true to the story! I could understand if this show was created and the author had no involvement and it was just an interpretation, but that's really not the case here. D&D have said how important it is for them to tell GRRM's story the right way. Well, after this letdown of a finale, I have to say I don't think they're staying true to their word.
4334	valyrian_steel	2012-06-04	I have to say they have completely ruined the character of Margery Tyrell.  First with the scene with Renley where they imply a sexual relationship with Loris (or at the very least they r very open about Loris' sex life), then she goes on with Littlefinger about wanting to be "the queen" and now she is throwing herself at Joffrey in the Red Keep.  Certainly nothing like the girl in the books.
4335	Iceswan	2012-06-04	I think the HotU just shows the difficulty of converting these books into a TV show.  I don't agree with a lot of their choices, but in a way I do understand them.  You can't show the first vision, of the RW.  Its way to obvious.  In the books, we don't yet know of Robb's terrible marital decision making skills, but in this episode we have just learned about it.  It goes from foreshadowing to outright ruining the biggest twist in aSoS.  As for the Elia and Rhaegar scene, true it would be nice to see it, but for anyone who hasn't read the books, you're completely lost.  I don't think they have even said Elia's name in the show.  The blue flower on the wall of ice is an even larger problem.  Even if you show it, it has no meaning at all to a non-book reader.  People who do read into this had to really go looking for meaning.  To us it is very significant, but without a flashback explaining the significance of the blue rose in relation to Lyanna (which would mean giving us the whole Tourney at Harrenhal, opening a new larger can of confusion worms) it isn't necessary to the story.  It hurts, but it has to go.  To your point, I can see no real reason not to end with the actual undying though, I thought their prophecy would have been fine, and actually very interesting, as they immediately pertain to Dany's story and her decision making.  On a side note, I have a feeling that the first scene in S3 is going to be Winterfell as the Ironborn attempt to leave peacefully as Robb Stark instructed, and how the Bastard of the Dreadfort brutally makes his intentions and mindset very clear.
4336	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	Agree that not only was the House of the Undying a letdown, but the whole sequence didn't make much sense. First, they've been mentioning this house for like five episodes by now, and giving how creepy Pyat Pree is, I expected, and I'm sure new viewers did also, something sinister and creepy inside. 
Instead, we get Dany wandering around a snow covered Throne Room and then having a loving conversation with her dead husband. Just anticlimactic. What was the point of her seeing Drogo and leaving out all the creepy visions and prophecies? I really have no idea.
Now to the stuff that doesn't make sense. Actually, Pyat Pree's reason for keeping Dany in the house of the undying makes sense, since his magic will be bolstered. But really, he didn't anticipate that dragons could burn him? Plus, only a few episodes ago that dragon could barely roast a small piece of meat. 
Also, how was Dany able to infiltrate Xaro's mansion so easily? He's now the king of Qarth, figured he would have increased his security. Plus, she suddenly gained a bunch of Dothraki, who I thought died in the attack when her dragons were stolen.
4337	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	I think the HotU just shows the difficulty of converting these books into a TV show.  I don't agree with a lot of their choices, but in a way I do understand them.  You can't show the first vision, of the RW.  Its way to obvious.  In the books, we don't yet know of Robb's terrible marital decision making skills, but in this episode we have just learned about it.  It goes from foreshadowing to outright ruining the biggest twist in aSoS.  I think tehy could have kept the king with the wolf's head. The natural reaction to that should be "Robb will become king" since the king has a wolf's head, and obviously the Starks sigil is the Direwolf. There's no way tv viewers coudl interpret that as to what really happens.
4338	Castel	2012-06-04	A whole bunch of things about this episode don't make sense. I can see them cutting the prophecies, but the entire plotline of the Undying was just lackluster. Drogo being involved was just pointless and the ending somehow managed to be worse than in the book. But at least the plot of the warlocks, if not the house itself made sense.What wasn't explained properly was why the boys had to somehow run to the Wall. The Ironborn betrayed Theon and presumably went home. But by cutting out the burning of Winterfell we don't know who fucking did it. If it was the Ironborn, then there should be no problem and the boys should be able to stay since the castle is now in the hands of the Boltons- Stark men. If it was the Boltons then I could see the argument here, but it wasn't shown, I think they just assumed that people  knew this from the books or wouldn't look too deeply into it.Yeah, I agree, I didn't think it was something Dany would do. She's tough, but not at all sadistic. Made her seem rather "Targaryen" in all the wrong ways. Actually, most of her scenes this season, several of which have her screaming and ranting, have seemed pretty Targaryen-y, by which I mean, crazy. Which of course, is the exact opposite of the portrait of Danaerys that Martin has spent the series painting. Dany is sadistic. Look at what she did to the men at Yunkai. It was pure sadism. And I think it fits Dany pretty well, she has this fucked up idea of justice. Depending on what exactly Doreah did, I can totally see her pulling this. She did it to the Yunkai.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 June 2012 - 03:00 AM.
4339	Castel	2012-06-04	On another note; Jon's fight with Halfhand makes little sense as well. Jon didn't kill Halfhand because he turned sides, he did it because the Halfhand was trying to chop his head off, that doesn't make him trustworthy now does it? Ygritte surely knows the truth here. It was pretty quick the way the cut out a lot of the running that Jon and his rangers had to do but this is the price you pay for it.
4340	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-06-04	It remains an adaptation of ASOIAF, an adaptation that has not successfully adapted some aspects of this great story (I am particularly disappointed with how Qhorin Halfhand was treated) while still remaining a pretty good series despite that but of course not as good as the books. Could they have done a better job? Sure, and that means that some criticism is justified but it still a good job for a tv adaptation and a good show. So as a book reader I am neither perfectly pleased and I do have several disappointments but I not furious either. The show has entertained me.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 04 June 2012 - 03:25 AM.
4341	Arrogant Bastard	2012-06-04	On another note; Jon's fight with Halfhand makes little sense as well. Jon didn't kill Halfhand because he turned sides, he did it because the Halfhand was trying to chop his head off, that doesn't make him trustworthy now does it? Ygritte surely knows the truth here. It was pretty quick the way the cut out a lot of the running that Jon and his rangers had to do but this is the price you pay for it.Also, why are the wildings so impressed that Jon killed Qhorin? They had already captured Qhorin and could have killed him any time they wanted to. Plus, Qhorin of the show was so incompetent that a simple decision of leaving Jon to behead Ygritte led not only to the deaths of all his rangers but getting himself captured. On teh show, it just doesn't seem like Jon killing Qhorin is nearly enough to get the wildings to let him join them, especially since they know how incompetent Jon is.
4342	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Hi Linda,
I thought of you and Elio immediately after the HotU and knew how upset you were going to be. I think that I gave up with being angry with adaptation changes during LOTR movies when in the first, they cut my all time favorite character in literature Tom Bombadil. To me, Tom's character in Tolkien's world was the most important character in the series because he represented what they were fighting for. He was the counterbalance of good to Sauron's evil.a huge reason that I paid money for my ticket was to see him.
Well, Peter Jackson didn't have the same interpretation that I did, and I still don't really forgive him, but I have learned to adjust. I went to see the movie a second and third time in the theatre, and gradually my anger faded and I was able to enjoy the beauty of the things that we do have. I think that this experience is the reason that as an absolute lover of ASoIF series, I can still enjoy the GoT TV show.
Did D&D mangle plot elements... Well, yes they did. The HoTU is particularly egregious, and as I know that this plot point is your Tom Bombadil,  I won't even begin to argue. I am just hoping that you will be able to get past this gut punch and find a little love in your heart again for this series. Your reviews and input make the show that much better for all of us, so I am just hoping that you get a fraction of what you give to it.,
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 03:00 AM.
4343	mormont	2012-06-04	[mod] Two things:
First, if you have nothing to contribute but criticism of people who either criticise or defend the adaptation, please don't bother. Discuss the episode and the adaptation all you like: keep your opinions of each other to yourself.
Second, anybody who decides that we don't really mean what we say in the documents linked in my sig is wrong. We don't want any rudeness on either side. Posts have been deleted and some suspensions will follow. Play nice or else. [/mod]
4344	Sheep the Evicted	2012-06-04	Don't bring me this "I don't care if it's the same...I just want good writing" because 95% of non-book readers love the writing on the show. That's actually quite a fair point. So i guess from now on i'll just go with "i want writing that's in the unconventional, character-focused, multilayered, tightly-plotted spirit of the books ?"
4345	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-04	As for the Elia and Rhaegar scene, true it would be nice to see it, but for anyone who hasn't read the books, you're completely lost.  I don't think they have even said Elia's name in the show.  The blue flower on the wall of ice is an even larger problem.  Even if you show it, it has no meaning at all to a non-book reader.  People who do read into this had to really go looking for meaning.  To us it is very significant, but without a flashback explaining the significance of the blue rose in relation to Lyanna (which would mean giving us the whole Tourney at Harrenhal, opening a new larger can of confusion worms) it isn't necessary to the story.  It hurts, but it has to go.  I just want to start out by saying in no way am I arguing with your point. Just wanted to go off of it. And I freaking love this show and would never quit watching it.But I don't understand this point people keep making about non book readers getting lost or not understanding it. When anything is first introduced; whether it be a character, location, or plot line, you have to come to understand it. And sometimes it takes time or effort. Especially in fantasy.When we first all read or saw the Others, we had no freaking clue what was going on, but eventually we understood it. When we all first read the HotU, we definitely didn't know what the hell was going on. And that was the beauty of it, readers are still going back trying to decipher that lonely chapter. I personally didn't understand the wolf on a man's head as foreshadowing the RW when I first read the books, even though now we all look by at how obvious it is.I personally think its better for them to introduce these "hard to understand" things rather them exclude them. D&D were very surprised at how easily audiences picked up on the first season, so I'm sure they can pick up on everything else.I think Mad Men is a somewhat descent example to show this..I have watched four seasons of that show and I love it. But man sometimes they talk about stuff and I have no freaking clue what their talking about, whether it be about business, politics, or history. They don't dumb down their show. And just because I don't understand every bit of dialogue or catch every reference on the show, it doesn't make me not want to watch the show.So if I would give them any advice for next season, it's stop being so concerned about the "average" viewer.(And by the way, its kinda cool to be on a topic Linda started personally. ha)
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 04 June 2012 - 03:56 AM.
4346	spmoura	2012-06-04	Have I missed something here?? Isn't GRRM part of the creational process of the series? Aren't any changes made by D&D supposed to be reviewed and approved by GRRM?? Are you people saying that GRRM is not in accord to what is being done to his creation? Is that it??
4347	Tumnas the Torpid	2012-06-04	Instead, we get Dany wandering around a snow covered Throne Room and then having a loving conversation with her dead husband. Just anticlimactic. What was the point of her seeing Drogo and leaving out all the creepy visions and prophecies? I really have no idea.Speaking as a viewer who was generally disappointed by opportunities squandered in the show's treatment of the HotU, I feel obligated to say that the Drogo scene wasa big exception.I saw it as reframe of the red-door room from the book.  Obviously, there has been no exposition regarding Ser Willem Darry, but I think Drogo and Rhaego accomplished the same dramatic purpose much more effectively.That purpose being to tempt Dany with an impossible vision of what she has lost along the road to her destiny.
4348	Jayaris	2012-06-04	What scenes did you guys want included that would of made any sense? Ratmen raping a woman? Obvious Spoilers of Robb's Death? Rhaegar who's that guy Targaryen?
4349	wandarah	2012-06-04	If you read forums of unspolied non-readers, they all fucking love it. They all get it.
4350	Castel	2012-06-04	I think Mad Men is a somewhat descent example to show this..I have watched four seasons of that show and I love it. But man sometimes they talk about stuff and I have no freaking clue what their talking about, whether it be about business, politics, or history. They don't dumb down their show. And just because I don't understand every bit of dialogue or catch every reference on the show, it doesn't make me not want to watch the show.Not the same at all. Mad Men has references to times past that you can get or not get. Same with shows like the Wire. Understanding enhances the experience but lack of knowledge doesn't detract from it.I'm personally talking about scenes that don't make sense when they should, like Luwin sending the kids away from Winterfell.  Littlefinger and Harrenhal was shaping up to be a borderline example, but thankfully they sorted it out the next episode.I don't mind many of the changes they made, but some of the ones they did make things make less sense. It's less a matter of going your own way and more them cutting out important bits that will make it harder to understand the plot later on.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 June 2012 - 05:08 AM.
4351	Somnus	2012-06-04	I normally don't understand complainers that comlain about how Renly wasn't eating a peach, or how there was no mention to the ghost of Renly, or how Davos only has one son. I was okay with the Jeyne's replacement and Robb's stubborness.
I was a bit sad that they cut Ramsay's introduction since it's a very powerful introduction but hey I thought they'd make it up in the last ep.
But not...and this ep was the ep that made me feel anger towarde what I was watching.
Winterfell was burned without even explaining that it was RAMSAY that did it. I bet 99% of the viewers think the ironborn did it. Qhorin died without making it clear that he wanted Jon Snow to infiltrate the Wildlings.
And then the house of the undying became a joke. The scene i was more looking foward in the show was replaced by DanyxDrogo for the female fans. What the f*** ? 
No Rhaegar, no Wolf King, no prophecies, no mad king, no song of ice and fire. Doreah being wasted on a stupid plot, if they intended to get rid of Doreah this way they should've killed her in the red waste and let irri live to fulfill her role in the book.
This is no longer little changes, this is huge changed that change the way people see characters in a completely different way. I always thought that Dany's actions in ADwD were fueled by a paranoia over the prophecies...that she no longer has.
The only way they can fix what has been left out Imo is to have Quaithe in the next season tell her the prophecies, have a Robert Rebellion prequel before they reach ADwD and have the Rhaegar and Mad King scene where he talks about the prophecies and the song of ice and fire and we see the level of madness of the Mad King.  
But whatever what I felt from Dany's TV prophecies is that after the red wedding they'll make only one more season that will be mostly filler and tying loose ends and have it end with Dany saving the world from the Others
I'll still watch the show though, if I was a TV viewer I'd love it to death, so from now on I'll differentiate the two. The book and the what if TV version ( that is still pretty good if you don't compare it with the books)
					
					
							Edited by Somnus, 04 June 2012 - 04:54 AM.
4352	duncanthemedium	2012-06-04	I love the show for what it is. I love the books for what they are. Linda and company, your posts make me feel like I am betraying the books by liking the show. That is something I cannot abide. Don't like the show? (A show that is hailed as the best show on TV in Britain and the US?) Don't watch it. But do not imply that there is something bad about feeling grateful for being able to watch our favorite characters brought to life in a different medium. For people who are fantasy/sci-fi fans, I'm afraid, there is a whole lot of lack of imagination going around here. Think of the series as an alternate universe, where things happen almost exactly the way they do in your 'reality', but not quite. I think that might assuage your feeling of betrayal.Kudos to D&D for making an awesome show. Can't wait for season 3.
4353	Toccs	2012-06-04	I love the show for what it is. I love the books for what they are. Linda and company, your posts make me feel like I am betraying the books by liking the show. That is something I cannot abide.And comments like yours make me feel like I should feel guilty for not liking certain aspects of the show, how is that any different?  Get down from your high horse mate.Don't like the show? (A show that is hailed as the best show on TV in Britain and the US?) Don't watch it. But do not imply that there is something bad about feeling grateful for being able to watch our favorite characters brought to life in a different medium.Well first off I don't think that anyone is implying that there is something bad about liking the show.  Second, this is a forum for aSoIaF fans and we're discussing an adaptation into a TV series and guess what? not liking said adaptation is a perfectly valid opinion to have.  It's pretty obvious from the thread title that this was going to be a "things I dislike about the show" thread, you coming in here with that knowledge and saying that every post is somehow invalid really annoys me.I really don't see how people discussing what they don't like about the show is in any way an insult aimed at you.
					
					
							Edited by Toccs, 04 June 2012 - 05:11 AM.
4354	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-06-04	I disagree with OP. I understand that many people were disappointed from the changes in the house of the undying, particularly the whole issue of leaving many of the past events untold. But we all have to remember that martin has about a thousand pages for each book to unfold his story.. I would, of course, love to see HotU as I hoped it would be, but then, many questions would arise for the non-readers and there would simply not be enough time to explain all of this.
It is a terrible thing HBO must consider, a vile thing.. Yet they who presume to write the show must sometimes do vile things for the good of all the fanbase, readers and non-readers.
4355	Ran	2012-06-04	Have I missed something here??Yes.Isn't GRRM part of the creational process of the series?Not really. He doesn't see the scripts, he's not asked to approve anything. He's occasionally consulted.Aren't any changes made by D&amp;D supposed to be reviewed and approved by GRRM?? No.Are you people saying that GRRM is not in accord to what is being done to his creation?Don't think anyone is saying that. That said, GRRM already said -- even in the first season -- that the showrunners make adaptation choices that he himself would not make were he the one running the show. But, hey, it's their show and he's just happy that something of his work is getting out there. Whether the gutting of the House of the Undying of every single image, moment, and resonance is something he'd not be particularly fond of is a question I leave to you, but it's also an academic one: it doesn't matter, because GRRM doesn't get to say what everyone else likes or doesn't like. It's subjective, and we each decide that one for ourselves.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 04 June 2012 - 07:28 AM.
4356	End of Disc One	2012-06-04	I'm so glad these books aren't a bible to me and I can enjoy the show for what it is.
4357	Stannis the Stern	2012-06-04	I thought they made a pigs mess out of Theon's storyline, pretty much because they omitted Ramsay. Now with Season 3 coming, instead of creating what was a sick-twisted yet cunning character what ACOK lead to, he's going to seem just like a generic villain. The weasel soup was another thing that really pissed me off as it was vital to Arya's character arc.
4358	Ser Giant	2012-06-04	Winterfell was burned without even explaining that it was RAMSAY that did it. I bet 99% of the viewers think the ironborn did it. Qhorin died without making it clear that he wanted Jon Snow to infiltrate the Wildlings.It was made clear in their conversation a couple episodes ago, if Jon didnt understand what Q was spittin' than he truly knows nothing.
4359	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	Ah, come on. If I could dislike this thread I would. Clearly the OP has no idea whatsoever what budget, ratings and short term plot has to do with creating a TV show of this calibre. They just can't make a successful show, that follows the exact plot of the book. It's impossible. Even if all of you book purists would donate all your lifesavings to this show, it would still be utter crap if they'd make a direct book-to-TV show. You would think it'd be awesome, but what about the casual viewers, who are in majority? Would they be able to follow a multitude of characters and all the twists and turns of the story? Would they know what every POV character was thinking at a given moment? You would, because you've read the books, and you know what drives every character.
I find this way of thinking narrowminded. Not to mention sad. It's sad that you can't enjoy the greatest TV show in years, just because it isn't exactly like the way you wanted it to be. The way I see it, the books are still the official aSoIaF, the show comes second. I already know what happens in the books, so why would I need repetition? I like seeing changes, even if they aren't always to my liking.
Enjoy raging on the internet. Meanwhile I will enjoy rewatching that awesome finale that is 'Valar Morghulis'.
4360	kungtotte	2012-06-04	Yeah, I really have to stop seeing this as "Game of Thrones, the TV-show" and more like "A fantasy TV show inspired by ASOIAF". It can still be enjoyable I guess, but it's a shame since they started off so well in season one.
4361	Sir Cadogan	2012-06-04	I'm so glad these books aren't a bible to me and I can enjoy the show for what it is.:') so true.
4362	David Selig	2012-06-04	The less prophesies the better as far as I am concerned, both in the books and in the show .
And it may sound blasphemous to some, but I thought the Drogo - Dany scene was more interesting and moving than any of the HOTU visions in the books. PTWP, Azor Ahai, all this stuff bores me to tears.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 04 June 2012 - 10:00 AM.
4363	Elroy Mankins	2012-06-04	While I was disappointed that the HotU wasn't more faithful to the books, it's not the end of the world.  My guess is the prophecy will still play a part, and will probably be conveyed either by Quaite or through dreams.  I though the WWs looked pretty cool, although not how I had imagined them.  It certainly was slightly unbelievable that a WW/Other would stare directly at Sam and then just continue on his merry way.  Oh well.  I'm still enjoying the show for what it is.
4364	Lyanna Stark	2012-06-04	Ah, come on. If I could dislike this thread I would. Clearly the OP has no idea whatsoever what budget, ratings and short term plot has to do with creating a TV show of this calibre. Do you perchance know who the OP is? I am guessing no. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Just want to say thank you to Linda for posting that.Yeah, I really have to stop seeing this as "Game of Thrones, the TV-show" and more like "A fantasy TV show inspired by ASOIAF". It can still be enjoyable I guess, but it's a shame since they started off so well in season one.Indeed. I thought season 1 was mostly spot on, but now? Cat's and Robb's characters have been gutted, Dany's storyline is just bewildering, Jon has lost his duty, Arya is a jolly happy assassin in training with no darkness to her character, Bronn is 100% hilarious and his lack of moral compass is not touched on, The Hound is one dimensional and most of his good lines ended up with Littlefinger, who in turn shows his hand to all and sundry. The backstory with Rhaegar and Lyanna is also totally lost.
4365	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-04	Eh, fortunately my "characters of choice" have generally been treated alright... give or take a little cousin bludgeoning. I've never cared too much for Dany and the prophetic side of things, so this isn't a huge blow, but still. It was a disappointment, and coupled with the stunningly efficient botching of Theon's otherwise interesting story this season... well. S2 ended on a pretty stale note for me.
On the other hand, I'm over trying to see ASoIaF faithfully brought to television; it's evidently not going to happen. I can settle for seeing my favourite characters brought to life in a looser sense.
4366	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	I think the fact that 33 people (so far) liked the first post in this thread speaks volumes. Seriously, half of the viewership is probably made of fans of the novels, couldn't they just stick to some easy-to-adapt stories? I love this show to bits, but some things really make me mad - like the complete and utter destruction of Jon's personality, the non-existant prophecies and visions (they could include just ONE from the books and we be happy).
It's sad that we won't probably ever see any prophecies now. After the omission of ToJ last season I was 100% that we'll see something in the HotU, simply because they could show things in three seconds and the obsessed fans of the show would be given a bone to chew on, and the other viewers would simply forget or brush it off. It wouldn't hurt.
I'll still watch it, it's just that my expectations have now drastically lowered. And I'll have to work really hard to get Jon Show out of mind when re-reading the books. I want my own image of Jon Snow to return >.<
Plus, some people need to stop blaming the small budget because not a penny more would be spent if Jon and Qhorin exchanged additional lines, or if Mormont wouldn't make fun of Jon, or if the Undying told their prophecies, or if there was at least a blue flower in the snow when Dany's walking through the Wall...
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 04 June 2012 - 10:16 AM.
4367	Silverx2	2012-06-04	I have to say they have completely ruined the character of Margery Tyrell.  First with the scene with Renley where they imply a sexual relationship with Loris (or at the very least they r very open about Loris' sex life), then she goes on with Littlefinger about wanting to be "the queen" and now she is throwing herself at Joffrey in the Red Keep.  Certainly nothing like the girl in the books. Can you point me to the Marg POV chapters where you are basing this judgement?Marg in the books is not some goody goody two shoes who is sugar and spice and everything nice. shes a plotting coniving player in the game of thrones, who helped plan the assassination of joffrey in order to marry little tommen.. if anything the TV show has enhanced her character because it shows just how involved she is.
4368	nubreed000	2012-06-04	I had said before the season started that for this season, the only thing I really hoped for was that they would get the House of the Undying right. If not, I would find it hard to continue watching. Since they didn't even try to get it right, they just threw it in the trash, I have absolutely no interest in watching any more.I agree 100% with that statement. I don't want to hear the "oh viewers would get confused"/"there's no budget" excuses. It doesn't matter. I bet 80% of the viewership is confused as is because there's so many characters to follow, and a lot of the dialogue goes over their heads regardless. Adding the visions wouldn't make it any worse, but it would certainly add depth and discussion to the story. Instead of Dany going into each room and witnessing every scene, they could have easily just been voices reciting the lines (like someone in the actual HotU thread mentioned).The Red Wedding scene itself wouldn't have spoiled anything because very few people would take a vision that literally. I think most would interpret it as Robb sitting on the throne and all the bodies around him would signify the people he had to kill to get there. And the others would forget about it as soon as the episode ended. The fact that these scenes need to be dropped because it might "confuse" the poor little viewers is ridiculous. Somehow Lost managed to last 6 seasons and that confused A LOT of people right to the very end. These guys don't have to cater to the lowest common denominator because that's not who watches this show. They're not competing for viewers against American Idol, Grey's Anatomy or Desperate Housewives. The reason why so many people fell in love with the show is because of the depth/history of the story and world, the character development (which completely went out the window this season), and the mystery.Like you I'm incredibly disappointed with this scene, and with the season in general. The shadow monster looked like something out of Lost, Joffrey ordering the killing of the babies made no sense whatsoever, Catelyn releasing Jaime before finding out about Bran and Rickon, and the whole Qhorin/Jon Snow thing was just incredibly confusing...epic fails. Sure these guys apparently know the end game but they seem to be completely missing the motivations of characters' actions.edit oh and Jaime killing his cousin.,,FFS!edit 2 why oh why did they even waste a second on anything that happened in Kings Landing? They dedicated a whole episode to that arc. They could've used the last episode to focus on the characters that didn't appear there at all. Instead we lost like 15 minutes on Varys recruiting the whore and Tywin's horse shitting.
					
					
							Edited by nubreed000, 04 June 2012 - 10:40 AM.
4369	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	The way it was adapted, the entire House of the Undying plot could have been cut with no damage to the plot or character development.I'll play the heretic and say that the House of Undying plot could have been cut with no damage even if it was portrayed exactly as in the book.To me, the House of the Undying primarily amounts to a fun guessing game for readers of the series.  The wolf's head turned in mute appeal -- okay, it foreshadowed the Red Wedding, and was fun in that respect.  But it didn't change the Red Wedding, nor did Dany's vision of it change her actions because she has no clue as to what it was.  Blue flower in the wall -- same thing.  Nice foreshadowing for those of us "in the know", but it still changes nothing, and doesn't actually affect character development or plot progression because Dany's draws no significance from it.  Nor did the show actually mention previously anything about the blue rose being Lyanna's favorite flower.  It would have been a non sequitor in the TV adaptation.  As has been said, the few prophecies that really do matter can just as easily come from Qaithe, in which case, neither character development nor plot will be adversely impacted.HOTU is great fun for us fanboys, but for TV viewers, all those completely unexplained images would have just been completely confusing when you're not talking about books you can pore over in rereads to grasp their significance.  I think the most common general viewer reaction would have been confusion, so skipping that scene makes sense.It seems a bit odd to me that some folks act as if the omission of HOTU as written somehow eliminates it from our consciousness.  We still know about it and can debate/discuss it, even in the context of the HBO series because the series is still getting all the plot points correct.  HBO won't be changing Jon's parentage, or that the dragon will have three heads, or the Red Wedding.  It's just that us readers have a bit of additional insight that TV viewers don't.  All we really missed out on was a visual representation of one scene from the books -- it's not a major alteration of the plot.  Seems like a lot to be upset about.I'll go further out on a limb and say that I didn't even mind the inclusion of Drogo -- it's a dream sequence, not reality, so the changes don't bother me.  And the Drogo scene was a pretty effective way of showing that Danaery's is moving on from just being the Khaleesi, to being the Mother of Dragons.  It showed her making that choice.As things stand at the end of season 2, every plot thread is pretty much exactly where it needs to be for Season 3.  That's pretty impressive considering some of the changes along the way.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 10:32 AM.
4370	nubreed000	2012-06-04	The motives of the FM now change to "they will help you seek vengence on that list of yours" instead of death is a gift and the FM do NOT allow personal motives to play into their decision makingandARYA DID NOT KILL ANYONE!That's ok because Brienne made up for it by killing something like 6 people already.
4371	MuchandMore	2012-06-04	I can't believe people expected a "based on" TV show to to be so close to the novels. I am more surprised that the show keeps as much of the source material as it does. If you can't view it as absolutely independant from the books you're just setting yourself up for dissapointment.This is a great television show(even though there was so much cheese in tonight's dialogue that I'm now constipated), this isnt a perfect adaptation of a novel. It never will be. They dont have a team of GRRMs locked in a dungeon cranking out episodes.I want to quote this whole thread....but I'll just pick this one. If this were a movie....a 2 or 3 hour MOVIE, then I would agree with you.  Its not!  They have 10 f****** hours to put as much of the book in the show as possible, and they ruined it.  So no, not setting up for disappointment.....just plain disappointed that they abandoned all that made season 1 good. Season 1 stuck very close to the book.  And most of the changes, like Ned fighting Jamie in the street instead of him just giving an order to his guards, made for better television.  Season 2 is a complete mess.  There is no other way to put it.  The only...THE ONLY episode I can actually say I enjoyed was the Blackwater.  Thats it. I see no reason for the changes they've made.And the HotU was not a little disappointing, or not that great.....its was absolutely, truly, completely, HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!Robb marrying some made up characters is STUPID!  There is no reason for it.And Arya...poor, poor Arya.  One of the best scenes in SOS is when SHE kills the Tickler, and yells the questions at him.  Brilliant job ruining that one guys.And why mention Stannis taking Stoms End and Renly changing directions to face him....thats not important at all.Betrayed for Love....betrayed for gold......nah....who cares right?So, going forward with this show, who is their target audience.  Me, someone who read the books?  Or Joe Shmoe who wants to look at titties from 9 to 10 on TV in April? If this show is as popular as people make it out to be, than HBO has to fix it...NOW!  Make it 15 episodes if they can't fit the important stuff in.  Spend a little damn money!  Lord knows they charge enough to get the friggin channel!And the worst........THE WORST.....part about this season, is that this crap..all the preparation and casting and appearances and what not, were all a complete waste of time George could have spent writing the next book.  When is it suppose to come out anyway?  2015 or so?  This show should have started once the books were done.  If it were actually GOOD, it may be a different story.  But its a joke instead.
4372	Bayard	2012-06-04	What I find the most offensive are the differences between characters. D&D like a lot Theon and Tyrion, I heard it from their own mouth, so, their scenes are faithful to the books (the changes made are only because of financial reasons - like the omission of Ramsay). On the other hand, the ones they don't like, for example Stannis, they change the most... to fit their own vision of the story!!! That shows the measure of respect they actually have for the ASOIAF books.
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 04 June 2012 - 03:13 PM.
4373	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	Can you point me to the Marg POV chapters where you are basing this judgement?Marg in the books is not some goody goody two shoes who is sugar and spice and everything nice. shes a plotting coniving player in the game of thrones, who helped plan the assassination of joffrey in order to marry little tommen.. if anything the TV show has enhanced her character because it shows just how involved she is.I don't think GRRM would have approved a character development inconsistent with his view of the character, even if the portrayal isn't identical.  Events in AFFC suggest that perhaps HBO's approach isn't really off.  The same with complaints about Stannis, etc.  Again, in terms of plot, HBO is in the right place, and I suspect they'll do that at the end of each season.  So, they can't make characters that are truly inconsistent with their portrayal in the books, because those characters have to act appropriately at key plot points.  Choosing a slightly different emphasis isn't heresy in my book, and you can almost guarantee not in GRRM's book either.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 10:37 AM.
4374	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	HOTU is great fun for us fanboys, but for TV viewers, all those completely unexplained images would have just been completely confusing when you're not talking about books you can pore over in rereads to grasp their significance.  I think the most common general viewer reaction would have been confusion, so skipping that scene makes sense.Are "us fanboys" and TV viewers a different thing? No. Almost every single person I know that watches Game of Thrones has read the books. ADwD has been #1 on Amazon best selling list last year, and also the books are in the top ten for how long now?? For years. This "fandom" is HUGE. The show was greatly helped by the word-of-mouth, and well, they seriously screwed up this season, I don't think the word of mouth is going to pass around as much.
4375	Ran	2012-06-04	GRRM doesn't get approval on such things, though. The only thing they ever really do is, if he reveals that some detail will have some negative impact on something he's planning to reveal or do down the line, they may change it. And sometimes, even knowing that they will, they don't actually deviate from their course. I know of a couple of examples of changes that they made that they stuck to even after GRRM noted the problem. (The Mago thing doesn't quite count -- GRRM wasn't even aware of Mago getting killed until everything had been shot) I also know of a couple of instances where they did change things when he noted problems -- again, can't talk about them.That said, no, I don't have that much of an issue with Margaery being changed up to be a more overt political player. Margaery is one in the novels, just a lot more subtle about it.As to the confusing images and all... I mean, maybe? But the fact is that if you look at the huge following that shows like Lost and X-Files and Twin Peaks had at their heights, people absolutely adore being confused by symbolism and images and foreshadowing. They love mystery.This show has drained almost every ounce of mystery out of the narrative in the novels, and simply leaves with basic plot stuff like, "Who will win?" That's not really a mystery.Hell, not a single real reference to the catspaw trying to kill Bran, nor the identity of Jon Arryn's murderer, and they appear to clear up who sent Mandon Moore after Tyrion -- a question that's never resolved in the novels, so far as I can tell.That's probably the greatest thematic deviation of the show from the novels: an antipathy to mystery. George uses it to great effect, as tens of thousands (hundreds of thousands, more likely) of posts discussing all the mysteries in the series reveal. It was the last thing -- literally the last thing -- I ever believed that the showrunners would jettison in their adaptation. The first season, hinging as it did on mysteries, or characters exploring things that were mysteries to them, certainly gave no hint that the second season would be devoid of  them.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 04 June 2012 - 10:52 AM.
4376	Dracarya	2012-06-04	What I find the most offensive are the differences between characters. D&D like a lot Theon and Tyrion, I heart it from their own mouth, so, their scenes are faithful to the books (the changes made are only because of financial reasons - like the omission of Ramsay). On the other hand, the ones they don't like, for example Stannis, they change the most... to fit their own vision of the story!!! That show the measure of respect they actually have for the ASOIAF books.If this is true, they do not deserve to be in charge of this adaptation. I hope GRRM makes a stand soon - it must be heart-breaking for him to see his work being made a mess of like this.
4377	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I thought they made a pigs mess out of Theon's storyline, pretty much because they omitted Ramsay. Now with Season 3 coming, instead of creating what was a sick-twisted yet cunning character what ACOK lead to, he's going to seem just like a generic villain.I think one of the constraints they have here is hiring actors, using them efficiently, etc.  Hiring Ramsay Bolton for Season 2 so he can make a 30 second appearance in the last episode of the series would seem to be a bit of a waste, and likely confusing to readers wondering "who the hell is this guy"?  So, they leave the explanation and exposition of all that to Season 3, where he'll be involved in more episodes and scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 10:48 AM.
4378	7V3N	2012-06-04	The finale was an utter disappointment. The HotU was nothing near what it was in the books and major plot devices were thrown out entirely. Qarth was nothing like the books in any way.Arya is not dark at all. She is still in innocent girl looking for home. That is NOT like the books. I think taking away her killing the Harrenhall guard took away the true start of Arya's dark, dark, DARK path.Jon and Qhorin was stupid. They made it look like Jon actually got pissed in the fight (because of Qhorin's bastard/turncloak comments) and killed Qhorin in a rage. It looks like Jon has actually turned his cloak, and is not pretending. In the book it started as pretending then started being real, not the reverse.I HATE how things went down at Winterfell. What they did could have been fine if afterwards, the Boltons still came and burned Winterfell and took Theon.Robb's story--which I was so pumped for this season, because I figured they would take advantage of GRRM's lack of a POV character and really show some of Robb's battles--was just a cliche and lame. And changing Jeyne to Talisa and making it a typical teenage romance that just could not be allowed..I am convinced the Shae-trayal will not happen. They are making her actually love him. In the book, you were never clear on whether she was an expert whore, or if she could actually fall for Tyrion (kind of like a hope you know is just too good to be true).Hodor isn't Hodoring!The messups have just been horrible. These changes have no purpose. There is no reason to go away from the original in almost all cases (I understand making Arya Tywin's cupbearer. That was a good case of condensing the story.).Having said that, they need to take hints from the good moments. GRRM's writing for Blackwater was amazing, even if I was disappointed by the lack of scale in the battle and the cheesiness (no helmet or shield for the unguarded Stannis, but he is the first to step under the raining arrows on the beach). Also, everything after Qhorin Halfhand died was awesome in my opinion (though I still do not like how the Others are just leaving people in the show, and it didn't sound like cracking ice when it spoke).
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 04 June 2012 - 11:15 PM.
4379	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I don't think GRRM would have approved a character development inconsistent with his view of the character, even if the portrayal isn't identical.  Events in AFFC suggest that perhaps HBO's approach isn't really off.I don't believe this at all. As a matter of fact, I have heard him talk about the changes in the characters, and although he doesn't ever slander the show, he makes it known that the characters aren't his to be approving or disapproving. I don't think that he likes the changes in Catelyn or Littlefinger one bit. (just speculating based on video clips I have seen.)He does point out that there are some characters that he likes better than the way he wrote them in contrast. One of them is Osha. He has said that he is going to give her more plot in future books based on how much he liked her portrayal in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Holafernando Torres, 04 June 2012 - 10:48 AM.
4380	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	I sympathize with disappointment in the House of the Undying sequence, but I think the opening post is a HUGE overreaction filled with extreme hyperbole and exaggeration. Yes, it sucked that we didn't get to see Rheagar and Elia, yes, I would like more prophecy in the show, but 75% of what happened in this episode still came from A Song of Ice and Fire. Nearly every scene led to where these characters will be going in A Storm of Swords, from Arya given the coin and looking for her mother to Jon joining the Wildlings to Robb marying someone else and breaking his pact with Walder Frey. To claim that it's an original story in the ASoIaF world is clearly not the case.
					
					
							Edited by Nagisa Furukawa, 04 June 2012 - 10:47 AM.
4381	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	Are "us fanboys" and TV viewers a different thing? No.Yes.  The former is a subset of the latter.  HBO necessarily must be concerned about building and maintaining an audience that includes people who have not read all the books. Crap, almost everyone I know in RL who watches it hasn't read the books.  For friends on the 'net, it's reversed.Almost every single person I know that watches Game of Thrones has read the books.Not me.  Perhaps different demographics (probably older), but I know folks who watch it who've never read a fantasy book in their lives, or at least, nothing since LOTR.ADwD has been #1 on Amazon best selling list last year, and also the books are in the top ten for how long now?? For years. This "fandom" is HUGE. The show was greatly helped by the word-of-mouth, and well, they seriously screwed up this season, I don't think the word of mouth is going to pass around as much.Well, I disagree.  For all the carping, I strongly suspect that the fans of the written series will keep watching it.  The word of mouth of which I'm aware from people who didn't read the books is overwhelmingly positive. And frankly, I'm willing to live with some variations if it means the series stays on the air.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 10:52 AM.
4382	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	There wouldn't be this many likes if an admin didn't write that post.Nah -- I think a lot of people who are fans of the books were really, really disappointed in the HOTU.  I know I'm in the distinct minority in thinking it was a non-issue.
4383	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	Earlier in the season I thought "this is a good show, it doesn't particularly succeed as an adaption, but who cares, it's a good show". After an extremely boring second half of the season (except perhaps Blackwater, which was good) and especially after last night's terrible episode I'm more like "not only is this a shitty adaptation, it's also just real bad TV". It's just sad to watch a show turn out so bad when you know just how good it could be if the writers were..well.. more competent ?
4384	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I don't believe this at all. As a matter of fact, I have heard him talk about the changes in the characters, and although he doesn't ever slander the show, he makes it known that the characters aren't his to be approving or disapproving. I don't think that he likes the changes in Catelyn or Littlefinger one bit. (just speculating based on video clips I have seen.)He does point out that there are some characters that he likes better than the way he wrote them in contrast. One of them is Osha. He has said that he is going to give her more plot in future books based on how much he liked her portrayal in the show.Fair enough.  Ran pointed out above that GRRM's input was limited.  But, I'm still giving credit to the showrunners for what they've done.  Folks claiming it is no longer ASOIAF are, IMHO, massively overreacting.  It is, but with some tweaks to maximize it's impact on viewers.  I'm fine with that because it is part of the reality of running a show, and obtaining ratings sufficient to keep it going.
4385	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	Yes.  The former is a subset of the latter.  HBO necessarily must be concerned about building and maintaining an audience that includes people who have not read all the books. Crap, almost everyone I know in RL who watches it hasn't read the books.Would ten seconds of visions keep the audience from rising further? Would having Dany hear "Bride of fire, mother of dragons, three fires must you light" ruin the show more than, say, Ros does? Don't be ridiculous. This is not a decision by HBO, it's a conscious decision by D&D. HBO does what they say should be done (e.g. Blackwater).
4386	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-04	If this is true, they do not deserve to be in charge of this adaptation. I hope GRRM makes a stand soon - it must be heart-breaking for him to see his work being made a mess of like this.Well, he let those two godawful video games (which are total and utter abominations) slide. Why should he make a stand regarding a decent show?
4387	Dunnii	2012-06-04	I just want to add my name to the chorus that is shocked and disappointed at what they did to Dany this season. Locking up two people in a vault is incredibly cruel and I was actually angry that the writers did that. I honestly don't care a bit now for TV-Dany. She's too ruthless.
4388	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	Would ten seconds of visions keep the audience from rising further? Would having Dany hear "Bride of fire, mother of dragons, three fires must you light" ruin the show more than, say, Ros does? Don't be ridiculous. This is not a decision by HBO, it's a conscious decision by D&D. HBO does what they say should be done (e.g. Blackwater).So the omission of that one line ruins the show?  They'll likely toss those lines to Quaithe, and the same point will be made, just just by a priestess rather than in a dream sequence.  Is that really such a big difference?  Did having Theoden say "where is the horse and the rider" rather than Aragorn ruin The Two Towers?Anyway, I'll also say this -- I wasn't a particularly huge fan of Dany's storyline in the books.  I thought it started incredibly strong, but meandered after awhile as her personality seemed a bit wishy-washy to me.  I frankly didn't find the continued loyalty of even her much-dimished khalasar very convincing.  The HBO Danaerys seems to be made of a bit tougher stuff, and more convincing for the actions she takes later.Let's be honest -- a lot of folks in this forum have complained about some aspects of the books they haven't liked.  Unless everyone just wants to see a line by line repeat of the books, the showrunners are going to make some different calls.  I'm okay with that as long as major plot points aren't changed, and as far as I can tell, they haven't been.  I personally think the Lyanna storyline has been underdeveloped, but I also could see the showrunners deciding to fix some of that stuff when Selmy is revealed.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 11:02 AM.
4389	Dracarya	2012-06-04	Well, he let those two godawful video games (which are total and utter abominations) slide. Why should he make a stand regarding a decent show?Because they are video games, quite clearly not in the same category as what D&D claimed Game of Thrones to be. A decent show? Your opinion.
4390	ostnub	2012-06-04	personally speaking, magic is the thing i hate the most (really the only thing i hate) in this series. i dont like how cat is undead, i dont like how the white walkers are percieved as monsters (for now at least. i do feel that GRRM will give them more complexity in the next 2 books. or at least, i really hope so). and most of all, i really dont like the prophecies. the whole shadow baby thing almost turned me off the books while i was reading them last summer, and the prophecies also have the same effect on me. its a good thing martin has built such a beautiful world and political story, and that's why I read.
similiarly, most non-readers probably share the same feelings with me in that they would rather have the show grounded in realism. And imo, ommitting prophecies are a big part of that.
just my 2 cents. i only started reading after the first season, so I was drawn in more because of the realism, and the fact that this was supposed to be a fantasy book with very little magic (which it is tbf)
edit: i dont mind some of the stuff, like the FM (which i love), the maesters' candles and oppression of the past magic, and dragons. its really just cheap plot tools like the shadow baby or catelyn survivng, or hell even berric being reborn like 5 times, and things that give away the future (even if its in a very hard to detect manner)
					
					
							Edited by ostnub, 04 June 2012 - 11:04 AM.
4391	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	That's one of my problems, is that by messing with the story so much, they will lose that greatness which made S1 a success, which will leave us with Westerosi 90210 and sooner or later the series will lose ratings and be cancelled.  Then again, people love True Blood.  Then again again, the fantasy genre doesnt have mass appeal so when the go cliche it will likely fail.I think you mean "when they go cliche it will likely succeed". Exactly why True Blood is so successful. It's camp, mass appeal, lowest common denominator. I sometimes watch True Blood because I expect just that: completely mindless and soulless cheese, but season 1 of GoT was a good indication that we were supposed to expect something more from this show. It seems however, that season 1 was a fluke.
4392	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	Well, he let those two godawful video games (which are total and utter abominations) slide. Why should he make a stand regarding a decent show?I actually really enjoyed the RPG... Have you played it all the way through, or did you just jump on the backlash wagon? I ask this not to confront you per se, but to bring up the point that I know a bunch of people that beat the game and everyone loved the story. It may not be the best action game of all time, but it was incredibly enjoyable.
4393	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	So the omission of that one line ruins the show?  They'll likely toss those lines to Quaithe, and the same point will be made, just just by a priestess rather than in a dream sequence.  Is that really such a big difference?And the same point will be made three seasons later. In the meantime, they have an audience to keep, no?
4394	Silverx2	2012-06-04	That's probably the greatest thematic deviation of the show from the novels: an antipathy to mystery. George uses it to great effect, as tens of thousands (hundreds of thousands, more likely) of posts discussing all the mysteries in the series reveal. It was the last thing -- literally the last thing -- I ever believed that the showrunners would jettison in their adaptation. The first season, hinging as it did on mysteries, or characters exploring things that were mysteries to them, certainly gave no hint that the second season would be devoid of  them.I edited a previous post but in regards to the mysteries and comparisons to other TV shows. Those shows didn't have more novels coming out "soon". By showing some of the visions you would be giving non readers mysteries, and you would also be giving the people who are reading the books spoilers for the future. Those things were fine on lost(however 90% of them never explained) but lost doesn't have 2 more books coming out. Why should the show spoil the future storylines by showing us exactly what is coming? Mysteries are fine, spoilers for the future books? not so much.
4395	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I think you mean "when they go cliche it will likely succeed". Exactly why True Blood is so successful. It's camp, mass appeal, lowest common denominator. I sometimes watch True Blood because I expect just that: completely mindless and soulless cheese, but season 1 of GoT was a good indication that we were supposed to expect something more from this show. It seems however, that season 1 was a fluke. hard to say cause vampires, modern day-camp worksFantasy world, ie dungeons and dragons stuff, with cliched heroes and villians? I think the acceptablity of chiche is less.
4396	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	Fair enough.  Ran pointed out above that GRRM's input was limited.  But, I'm still giving credit to the showrunners for what they've done.  Folks claiming it is no longer ASOIAF are, IMHO, massively overreacting.Agreed.I was massively disappointed by the House of the Undying sequence as a book reader, but I thought the opening post was ridiculous (no offense, Linda, still love the board and am greatly looking forward to The World of Ice and Fire!). Say that the HotU sequence was ruined? Agreed. Say that they've done a terrible job handling the past and prophecies? For the most part, agreed. But to claim that it's now mainly an original story that just happens to be set in the ASoIaF world is very much an exaggeration. A mainly original story set in the ASoIaF world would be the ongoing adventures of two Lannister guards as they get into mischief every week. A show that's kept most of the major characters from the books, many of the minor characters, and kept their plotlines going on a similar-if-different trajectory, with various changes along the way, many of them not working well at all, is, well, an adaptation with all the pitfalls and mistakes adaptations are prone to do.
4397	Lord Varys	2012-06-04	Well, only yesterday I said to my girlfriend that I'd be pissed beyond ends if they would fuck up the House of the Undying. Guess what, I'm pissed right now.
The whole Qarth story was a great joke all in itself, but the House of the Undying is insufferable.
And it's good to see that there are actually people who care about the fact that this damned series is an adaptation, which means that it is supposed to show us with different means pretty much the same thing which we can read in the books. Mostly stuff gets changed/cut down due to budget reasons. But that's not the case here. They have the budget, and the time to make this a faithful adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire. Whenever they change characters, motivations, and dialogue they do so because they want to, not because they have to.
So please stop rephrasing that Philippa Boyens crap about the stuff 'You can't do in a movie' (I'm referring here to the statements of one of the writers of the LotR script trying to explain how the character of Faramir could not possibly have been in the movies as JRRT described him in the book - which is, of course, crap).
You can do pretty much everything in a movie/TV series. Especially with characters.
But back to the House of the Undying. This is very much the heart of the whole series. It is the moment where the role of one of the main characters as a prophesied savior is revealed. It is the explanation why on earth should we care about a character whose story is after two volumes still completely disconnected from the other main characters. It is the explanation why Daenerys Targaryen's eventual return to Westeros will be important.
No one - including myself and Linda, I've no doubt - did ever expect to see all the visions of Dany has in the book. But we all had reasons to believe that there would be at least some of them, maybe cut a bit, changed somewhat, with some additional expository dialogue. Think about the Aerys-Rossart-scene. They could have done it without explaining anything, since we already knew that Aerys Targaryen intended to burn down KL when Jaime killed him. Instead of showing us a glimpse of stupid dead Drogo, they could have given us Viserys's specter as some kind of 'spiritual guide' to Dany, explaining background stuff when necessary (i.e. Elia and Rhaegar). Hell, they could have even made Rhaegar talk directly to Dany after the vision with Aegon and Elia, telling her that he was wrong, that neither he himself nor Aegon were the promised prince, but she. 'It is you, sister. You have woken the dragons from stone. You are the promised one.' This would have delivered the message to the audience:
The fact that Daenerys Targaryen has woken dragons from stone makes her some kind of a special savior figure. The same savior figure in fact, Melisandre wrongly believes Stannis to be.
And why on earth would they want to cut all that dialogue about the treasons, the mounts, the fires, and so on. Those are not spoilerish. No one really does understand what's exactly meant by that (although one might think right now that Meereen is going to become a huge pyre in TWoW), so what's the harm in making Dany's fate mysterious and special by delivering a bunch of prophesies about her.
And finally, why on earth would they omit the Undying Ones themselves, along with their undead heart? The Undying sucking out Dany's life while lulling her to sleep with prophecies about her future life had all the potential of a gruesome horror scene.
Instead they have gutted this whole thing, and they cannot rectify this mistake in the future. This is not about delaying some secondary characters. It is a huge change, and it simply doesn't work. Not as an adaptation of the series, and actually not really in the TV series itself.
Care for an example:
1. Xaro is now 'King of Qarth', yes? Where are all those guards who were blocking Dany's entrance back in 'Garden of Bones'? Surely the new king would not let his own house unguarded while fucking with his guests... Most of Dany's Dothraki were killed in the show (and she had only very few left in the first place when she approached Qarth), so how on earth should it be possible that this ragged band should be able to lock Xaro within his very own walls.
2. What's the point of an 'House of the Undying' if there are no undying warlocks to found in there? Had they called it 'Pyat Pree's Evil DoppelgA¤ngerhouse' or 'Warlock's Lair' it would have made somewhat more sense.
But I still have some hope left on one point:
Linda assumes they won't introduce the Martells properly. For that there is still some time left. Yes, they have not once mentioned her name until now, but with ASoS spanning two seasons there will be more than enough time to establish Dorne, the Martells, and their background in a way the audience can understand. The Tyrell presence at KL alone will make the enmity between the Reach and Dorne a theme to be discussed, and if they don't totally fuck of Oberyn Martell as well, we will hear a lot about Elia in the future.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 04 June 2012 - 11:20 AM.
4398	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	As to the confusing images and all... I mean, maybe? But the fact is that if you look at the huge following that shows like Lost and X-Files and Twin Peaks had at their heights, people absolutely adore being confused by symbolism and images and foreshadowing. They love mystery.Yes, but mystery was all Lost really had.  ASOIAF has a rambunctious plot, wild characters, multiple, complex threads going at the same time, etc.  There is a lot going on.  I think in the context of everyone else that is going on, mystery elements would more easily get lost/be confusing.  And unlike Lost, those of us who love all those additional mysteries still have the books for augmentation.This show has drained almost every ounce of mystery out of the narrative in the novels, and simply leaves with basic plot stuff like, "Who will win?"I'm not so sure about that, and I wouldn't assume all those mysteries won't be raised later.  But I think it is far more difficult to do that in the context of a show that is already extremely "busy", with an audience that is looking for some resolution of mysteries within the season.  I mean, the catspaw used to kill Bran was an issue in AGOT, but we didn't get resolution for that until ASOS.  I can see why people running a TV show don't want to bring up what turns out to be a rather inconsequential mystery (remember the generic letdown here when it was discovered to be Joffrey) in Season 1 that won't be answered until Season 3 or 4.  They can "revive" that mystery in Season 3 or 4, and address it then, perhaps in the context of Jaime and Cersei discussing how out of control Joffrey is.  But otherwise, I think it is tough to expect an audience to follow all of those mysteries that aren't resolved until seasons down the road.nor the identity of Jon Arryn's murderer, and they appear to clear up who sent Mandon Moore after Tyrion -- a question that's never resolved in the novels, so far as I can tell.I thought the TV show made it fairly clear that Arryn was murdered because he knew too much, and I don't see how else you can do the reveal on Moore on screen.  I agree it wasn't resolved in the series, but it certainly was at least hinted at, and it's a worthwhile plot point to bring out.That's probably the greatest thematic deviation of the show from the novels: an antipathy to mystery. George uses it to great effect, as tens of thousands (hundreds of thousands, more likely) of posts discussing all the mysteries in the series reveal. It was the last thing -- literally the last thing -- I ever believed that the showrunners would jettison in their adaptation. The first season, hinging as it did on mysteries, or characters exploring things that were mysteries to them, certainly gave no hint that the second season would be devoid of  them.As I said, I think what they'll probably do is reemphasize mysteries in the seasons in which they get resolved.
4399	camradio	2012-06-04	So the Hotu kind of sucked in fact all of Dany this season kind of did (which is similar to the books I guess...not looking forward to 3+ seasons of her sitting around)
The scene at the end was alright but I dont get how Sam survives since he is surrounded and wish he killed one.
All in all it wasnt bad but after the previous episode it was a little disappointing
4400	Cheese Pudding	2012-06-04	They cut Ned's dream of Lyanna last season, that was the worst. They at least put a bit of foreshadowing (King's Landing destroyed by Winter and Danny not touching the Throne) this time.
4401	Castel	2012-06-04	I think one of the constraints they have here is hiring actors, using them efficiently, etc.  Hiring Ramsay Bolton for Season 2 so he can make a 30 second appearance in the last episode of the series would seem to be a bit of a waste, and likely confusing to readers wondering "who the hell is this guy"?  So, they leave the explanation and exposition of all that to Season 3, where he'll be involved in more episodes and scenes.I'm sympathetic to this, but why on Earth couldn't they have just said:" The Bolton men turned on the Ironborn and burned down the castle" No extra money required. Without it, everything looks a bit weird, especially sending a cripple and a near toddler (though Rickon seems a lot older here) to the Wall, especially since Luwin of all people was telling Theon to go to the Wall not too long ago. He must know what a diverse group of people there are there, and how many of them probably don't like the Starks, to expect one bastard, even Eddard Stark's bastard to protect the boys is ridiculous, especially when we really have no idea why the need protecting. Aren't the Ironborn gone?
4402	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	2. What's the point of an 'House of the Undying' if there are no undying warlocks to found in there? Had they called it 'Pyat Pree's Evil DoppelgA¤ngerhouse' or 'Warlock's Lair' it would have made somewhat more sense. I lol'd. And I totally agree.
4403	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	I like that someone brought up Twin Peaks. In some aspects, Twin Peaks and GoT are pretty similar. There is a central plot, yes, but there are dozens of characters and side stories that all revolve around that main plot. There is a lot of conspiring, treachery and sleeping around. Twin Peaks is heavily based in reality with some hints of supernatural, not unlike GoT. There are "prophecies" and mysteries in Twin Peaks.Remember the crazy speculation that went on after the many, many cliffhangers in the season 1 finale of TP? Remember in the season 2 premiere, when the Giant appears to Coop and tells him "three things" ? People loved that. People love the bizarre and uncanny. People who watch HBO shows in general, and even more specifically GoT, are people who appreciate rich storytelling... Saying the visions or the prophecies would only "confuse non-book readers" is incredibly condescending. It seems to imply that people can only understand what is spoon-fed to them and that they don't like doing a little speculation and guess work.People like to be confused by TV shows or movies or stories in general, why else would Lost or the X-files be so popular ? Why was Inception such a hit ? People like to be left with things to guess, things to wonder about. The general audience loves to be mindfucked.As it is, this finale left us with absolutely nothing to discuss. It's the worst kind of straightforward storytelling, with absolutely no layers to explore. D&D seem to think that pushing the boundaries of TV show only means showing as much tits and gore as possible and cramming in sexual torture while you're at it. Pushing the boundaries is also exploring more complex ways of telling a story, adding layers of depth that you wouldn't find in your regular fantasy drama and making the audience think a little, instead of insulting everyone's intelligence with terrible writing and pandering to the masses with gratuitous sex and violence.In many ways, Twin Peaks was much more visionary in terms of what you can do on television than GoT could ever hope to be and it aired some 20 years ago now.. and even though they never showed one single titty, that show explored incredibly serious and dark themes, behind the hackneyed "whodunit" facade.
					
					
							Edited by The Lost Direwolf, 04 June 2012 - 11:52 AM.
4404	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I lol'd. And I totally agree.As presented, Khal Drogo and the baby were the "undying".
4405	Castel	2012-06-04	As for the show not being a good adaptation... idk. I personally don't mind them going their own way, after all they paid GRRM "huge dumptrucks of money" , as he ofts reminds us, to be able to do what they want and bring the book to a wider audience even if it means thematic changes, but some changes make things less clear.As far as I'm concerned D & D aren't obligated to follow the books. The problem is that for a series like this the books are filled with shit that is important even if it is difficult to film. I don't know, it's a tough scale to balance, but that said, some changes have just been gratuitous, and make less sense when you follow the rest of the books.Characters are written a certain way, it doesn't always work to follow most of their characterization and ignore certain integral parts of it, personally Shae/Tyrion is an example of this, their whole relationship falls flat to me. But I guess that's the book reader in me speaking out.The scene at the end was alright but I dont get how Sam survives since he is surrounded and wish he killed one.They let that guy from the pilot go didn't they? They seem to be dicks like that.People like to be confused by TV shows, why else would Lost or the X-files be so popular ? People like to be left with things to guess, things to wonder about.Sometimes. Lost and X-files are popular in pop-culture reference terms, but look at shows like CSI and see how popular those are and they are notorious for not leaving ANYTHING ambiguous. Depends I guess.As it is, this finale left us with absolutely nothing to discussI think that this is a budget problem, Blackwater wiped them out and they could only do 10 episodes without quality dropping so we ended up with a situation where they were just trying to deal with the current threads and didn't have any more episodes to add things. Hopefully the split next season will help resolve this.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 June 2012 - 11:51 AM.
4406	mormont	2012-06-04	[mod] I'm a little tired of having to delete half a dozen posts every time I look at this thread. Behave, or more bans will follow. [/mod]
4407	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	One aspect of the adaptation that I find unique and ironic is that the book readers are the ones who need to have a little patience. Usually, it's the non-book readers. Let this story play out. Let these writers finish what they started, then, cast judgement. People are going to drive themselves mad nitpicking every episode. I choose to view the adaptation as a whole.
4408	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	As it is, this finale left us with absolutely nothing to discuss.I'm assuming you've read the books, right?  In that case, haven't the events of Season 2 already been discussed in tremendous detail here?  I mean, you don't think that HOB showing the second season was going to start any new discussion points if they simply hewed to the books, right?  And if the complaint is that the people who are watching the series but haven't read the books don't have anything to discuss, the ratings and reactions by viewers (rather than readers) don't seem to support the idea that they're missing out on anything.
4409	gougef	2012-06-04	Love me some first-world problems. Oh crap - someone's wrong on the internet.
ASoIaF is a work of art, magical to me.
GoT is a very good TV show. For me, it has lost the magic. I will watch it, but won't promote HAS THE GREATEST THING EVER IN THE HISTORY OF THE WOULD. Maybe it will regain the magic for me in the future.
However, I realize that others feel differently and you are perfectly well in your rights to feel that way. Hell, you may even be right.
I just don't understand the personal attacks due to a difference of opinion over a FICTIONAL WORK.
FWIW, YMMW, etc, etc, blah, blah ......................
4410	gogorath	2012-06-04	I think some missed pretty much the entire point of Dany's arc in the show.  Which is understandable, because it's not the same as the books, but man, putting Khal Drogo in there was not a cheap, fanservice moment.  Dany is making a choice -- the same choice that Tyrion makes and about five other characters in the episode.
Anyway, I love the backstory and history in the book.  That kind of depth is ideal for a book.  It's never going to be here, and nothing you say is going to change that.  It's probably best just to get over it.
But aside from that, what is the point of Qarth in the books?  Dany learns some of her past, but I don't really see her growing at all.  Maybe I missed something in the books, and I much prefer the HotU in the books, but I don't really see a thematic change for Dany until the last moments of A Storm of Swords, where she finally chooses to help people instead of going after what is hers.
					
					
							Edited by gogorath, 04 June 2012 - 11:58 AM.
4411	unRobert	2012-06-04	One aspect of the adaptation that I find unique and ironic is that the book readers are the ones who need to have a little patience. Usually, it's the non-book readers. Let this story play out. Let these writers finish what they started, then, cast judgement. People are going to drive themselves mad nitpicking every episode. I choose to view the adaptation as a whole.I really dont enjoy having to read 4-5 posts on every page saying the same thing. OK- you guys don't like people who read and love the book series not liking the show. Well get off the forum if it bothers you, we're fanatics. That's why we're posting on asoiaf.westeros.org forum!And it's insulting to say one cannot compare the "adaptation" to the original. Why? Because you don't want to?    ... Having said that, I myself have to view them separately. Maybe it's a problem with translating fantasy to the screen, but the show is pure cheese. If you like corny lines, simplified and nonsensical "political" plots, one dimensional characters and the same scripted romance we've seen a million times over, then the show is for you.
4412	jons nissa	2012-06-04	personally speaking, magic is the thing i hate the most (really the only thing i hate) in this series. i dont like how cat is undead, i dont like how the white walkers are percieved as monsters (for now at least. i do feel that GRRM will give them more complexity in the next 2 books. or at least, i really hope so). and most of all, i really dont like the prophecies. the whole shadow baby thing almost turned me off the books while i was reading them last summer, and the prophecies also have the same effect on me. its a good thing martin has built such a beautiful world and political story, and that's why I read.similiarly, most non-readers probably share the same feelings with me in that they would rather have the show grounded in realism. And imo, ommitting prophecies are a big part of that.just my 2 cents. i only started reading after the first season, so I was drawn in more because of the realism, and the fact that this was supposed to be a fantasy book with very little magic (which it is tbf)edit: i dont mind some of the stuff, like the FM (which i love), the maesters' candles and oppression of the past magic, and dragons. its really just cheap plot tools like the shadow baby or catelyn survivng, or hell even berric being reborn like 5 times, and things that give away the future (even if its in a very hard to detect manner)i don't mind the magic in the story but i really hate the undead. that said, i watch a very observant non-reader. he has really caught on to many of the subtle things in the series but when we spoke after this episode, he started the conversation with "that was weird." i reminded him that there have been 20 episodes and maybe 2 or 3 minutes of weird to which he replied "i don't like weird." i told him "get used to it. it gets weirder."i think one thing we forget is hbo has marketed this series as the fantasy show for people who don't like fantasy. what keeps most viewers glued to their tvs is the human interaction and i've heard the show referred to as "the medieval version of the wire" several times. the fact that the magic is so rare in westeros and even rarer on the show makes it easy to forget it's there. so viewers are really thrown for a curve with shadow babies, zombies and white walkers. i predict a great uproar when uncat is introduced.
4413	unRobert	2012-06-04	They let that guy from the pilot go didn't they? They seem to be dicks like that.Nay, sir. It's another secret D&D are dropping. The Mountain that Rides is an Other. (but, really, the white walker from the pilot plays the mountain now).
4414	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	Sometimes. Lost and X-files are popular in pop-culture reference terms, but look at shows like CSI and see how popular those are and they are notorious for not leaving ANYTHING ambiguous. Depends I guess.You really want GoT to be compared to CSI though ? I think that this is a budget problem, Blackwater wiped them out and they could only do 10 episodes without quality dropping so we ended up with a situation where they were just trying to deal with the current threads and didn't have any more episodes to add things. Hopefully the split next season will help resolve this.Not having Dany burn the HotU to the ground is a budget issue. Completely removing anything remotely interesting from Dany's storyline, however, is not. One is okay, the other isn't.Budget cuts can't and shouldn't justify everything. It's one thing to tone down the more spectacular scenes (it is perfectly understandable), it is another to completely miss the point of half the storylines.Even within the context of the show (pretending I never read the books), this season was just a giant borefest. It's got nothing to do with failing to adapt the books properly, it's about failing to construct an exciting world by thinking the audience is scared of or "won't get" riskier styles of storytelling.
4415	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	I like that someone brought up Twin Peaks. In some aspects, Twin Peaks and GoT are pretty similar. There is a central plot, yes, but there are dozens of characters and side stories that all revolve around that main plot. There is a lot of conspiring, treachery and sleeping around. Twin Peaks is heavily based in reality with some hints of supernatural, not unlike GoT. There are "prophecies" and mysteries in Twin Peaks.Remember the crazy speculation that went on after the many, many cliffhangers in the season 1 finale of TP? Remember in the season 2 premiere, when the Giant appears to Coop and tells him "three things" ? People loved that. People love the bizarre and uncanny. People who watch HBO shows in general, and even more specifically GoT, are people who appreciate rich storytelling... Saying the visions or the prophecies would only "confuse non-book readers" is incredibly condescending. It seems to imply that people can only understand what is spoon-fed to them and that they don't like doing a little speculation and guess work.People like to be confused by TV shows or movies or stories in general, why else would Lost or the X-files be so popular ? Why was Inception such a hit ? People like to be left with things to guess, things to wonder about. The general audience loves to be mindfucked.As it is, this finale left us with absolutely nothing to discuss. It's the worst kind of straightforward storytelling, with absolutely no layers to explore. D&D seem to think that pushing the boundaries of TV show only means showing as much tits and gore as possible and cramming in sexual torture while you're at it. Pushing the boundaries is also exploring more complex ways of telling a story, adding layers of depth that you wouldn't find in your regular fantasy drama and making the audience think a little, instead of insulting everyone's intelligence with terrible writing and pandering to the masses with gratuitous sex and violence.In many ways, Twin Peaks was much more visionary in terms of what you can do on television than GoT could ever hope to be and it aired some 20 years ago now.. and even though they never showed one single titty, that show explored incredibly serious and dark themes, behind the hackneyed "whodunit" facade.How long did Twin Peaks last?
4416	tearloch	2012-06-04	I have read all the books and I absolutely love them.  I have watched all the episodes of the HBO series and I absolutely love them.  I think the one thing that most people are losing site of is that this is TV.  It is a different media than writing a book.  One of the things I always tell people about the book is that GRRM is a master of dialogue and setting the scene.  His dialogue is so indepth, and requires the reader to be very inventive.  Most readers often have to go back and re-read sections to pick up something they missed.  What my point is that TV does not work this way.  HBO will lose viewers much quicker if they went that route.  So what they did was cut out almost all prophecy stuff, take alot of dialogue and make it visual, sometimes changing points of the story in the process, but in the end they end up at virtually the same end point.
If you spend your 1 hour a week dissecting the episodes as they air, trying to see how it differs from the books you will NEVER enjoy the series.
4417	niA±ostark	2012-06-04	@I'm Tim: 2 seasons
4418	7V3N	2012-06-04	edit: i dont mind some of the stuff, like the FM (which i love), the maesters' candles and oppression of the past magic, and dragons. its really just cheap plot tools like the shadow baby or catelyn survivng, or hell even berric being reborn like 5 times, and things that give away the future (even if its in a very hard to detect manner)I see what you mean, but these aren't cop-outs in any way by GRRM. These still all follow rules (I believe) and we have just not figured them out, as much of the world of Ice and Fire has learned (nobody but Dany--by accident--could make the dragons hatch). Even the prophecies are never fulfilled how we think. Mel sees a girl in grey on a dying horse. Is it Arya Stark Jeyne Poole fleeing Ramsay? Is it Alys Karstark fleeing her wedding (to her uncle IIRC)? Is it the pale mare arriving in Meereen? Mel saw Renly taking King's Landing. Now Renly is dead, he can't do that! Oh wait, she just saw Garlan (or Loras in the show) wearing Renly's armor, so it did come true. You see what I mean? It is not "Harry Potter or Neville Longbottom will defeat Voldamort" or whatever, where you waste a whole story hoping that it won't actually be Harry, and in the end it still is.
4419	Castel	2012-06-04	I fucking despise the magic as well. It turns everything black and white in a universe that's touted as the ultimate grey. We still have arguments where people claim that Stannis using magic to behead someone is morally equivalent to people being burned alive or crucified, simply because it was dark magic . People also tend to write off Jon and Dany's flaws because they're the typical "light-in-the-darkness"/ savior fantasy types which to be fair Martin helps with.Not having Dany burn the HotU to the ground is a budget issue. Completely removing anything remotely interesting from Dany's storyline, however, is not. One is okay, the other isn't.Budget cuts can't and shouldn't justify everything. It's one thing to tone down the more spectacular scenes (it is perfectly understandable), it is another to completely miss the point of half the storylines.Even within the context of the show (pretending I never read the books), this season was just a giant borefest. It's got nothing to do with failing to adapt the books properly, it's about failing to construct an exciting world by thinking the audience is scared of or "won't get" riskier styles of storytelling. Well, the budget does force them to have only ten episodes. If there had been perhaps two more Dany might have gotten a larger arc. It's difficult to fit the entire world into ten episodes.That said, I do think that they weighed things a bit heavily in Tyrion's/ King's Landing's direction this season. But perhaps that was because they had the most substance. Honestly I would have just loved for them to make up a compelling plot for Dany and Cersei, who only got to shine in the finale and was completely neutered throughout the season, but I guess there wasn't much time.You really want GoT to be compared to CSI though ?I'm just saying, there's a competing impulse out there. Not everyone wants mystery. In fact, mysteries are kinda resolved quickly or don't get anywhere near as complicated as the ones from Lost or say BSG. Lost happened to enjoy a lot of visibility in the pop culture but the shows that don't kinda suffer or become more niche imo.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 June 2012 - 12:16 PM.
4420	Rogozhin	2012-06-04	This finale was the "perfect" capper to the second season. And by perfect I mean weak, compared to the first season.
I'm not going to stop watching, but D&D have badly damaged the show by their useless and unneeded changes. I can understand cutting things and simplifying them. I don't understand nonsense like the whole Qarth plot, the lionization of Renly at the expense of Stannis, the lionization of Robb at the expense of Cat, the vile scene where Jaime was made into a kinslayer etc. Did D&D think they could improve on Martin's work? So much screentime wasted on stuff like Robb's cliched non-canon romance with a non-canon "modern girl" character...
4421	tearloch	2012-06-04	How long did Twin Peaks last?Not very long.  While the prophecies are enjoyable at the time, only the hard core fans understand them, and in the end, you lose the casual viewer.How may people watched Lost?  I watched very episode, and by the time the final season rolled around, I was utterly confused as to what the point is.  That kind of stuff works on small doses, but in a long running series, if you have to go back 3 seasons to understand what is going on now, you have lost the audience.
4422	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	Not very long.  While the prophecies are enjoyable at the time, only the hard core fans understand them, and in the end, you lose the casual viewer.People didn't stop watching Twin Peaks cause they were tired of all the quirky stuff... in fact, the show ended because idiotic execs forced Lynch and Frost to make the show less bizarre and they kept undermining their every decision. In the end the show was left in the hands of wholly incompetent writers who had no idea what they were doing and the storytelling and characterization went straight in the gutter after they revealed you-know-who as the killer and people just got fed up of that. The network cancelled the show prematurely, forcing Lynch and Frost to wrap everything up in a pretty unsatisfactory finale and the rest is history. The fact that Twin Peaks still has a pretty hardcore following, even 20 years later, speaks volume. Not to mention how many shows just wouldn't exist if it wasn't for the doors Twin Peaks opened up.Anyway, I digress: I'm not saying Lost or Twin Peaks or X-files are especially good role models (god knows the Xfiles was a trainwreck after season 7 and Lost just got old after a while) but I was merely responding to the point that a lot of people are trying to make about the prophecies not being included because they would "confuse the non-readers", which I think is incredibly condescending.
					
					
							Edited by The Lost Direwolf, 04 June 2012 - 12:21 PM.
4423	Lord Godric	2012-06-04	I sympathize with disappointment in the House of the Undying sequence, but I think the opening post is a HUGE overreaction filled with extreme hyperbole and exaggeration. Yes, it sucked that we didn't get to see Rheagar and Elia, yes, I would like more prophecy in the show, but 75% of what happened in this episode still came from A Song of Ice and Fire. Nearly every scene led to where these characters will be going in A Storm of Swords, from Arya given the coin and looking for her mother to Jon joining the Wildlings to Robb marying someone else and breaking his pact with Walder Frey. To claim that it's an original story in the ASoIaF world is clearly not the case.You've said exactly what I've been trying to say. Unfortunately I haven't been able to.
4424	Castel	2012-06-04	This finale was the "perfect" capper to the second season. And by perfect I mean weak, compared to the first season.I'm not going to stop watching, but D&D have badly damaged the show by their useless and unneeded changes. I can understand cutting things and simplifying them. I don't understand nonsense like the whole Qarth plot, the lionization of Renly at the expense of Stannis, the lionization of Robb at the expense of Cat, the vile scene where Jaime was made into a kinslayer etc. Did D&D think they could improve on Martin's work? So much screentime wasted on stuff like Robb's cliched non-canon romance with a non-canon "modern girl" character...The series has kind of gone the way of the new Battlestar Galactica. They wouldn't shut up about how they had all these strong women and mothers and in the end every one of them is completely fucking neutered. So much for that.
4425	Envie	2012-06-04	I support the views of the OP even if I don't entirely agree with all of them. I also agree with those who have strong feelings about the changes made, both those who love them as well as those who hate them. I think its important as a community now comparing / contrasting the books vs. the series to try and keep an open mind about the interpretations of viewers, book fans and even (try I said) to understand the interpretations of the series producers.
I disagree with those flaming anyone in this thread for their unhappiness over changes - its not your right or your privilege to tell someone else how they should feel or think or what they should do (such as stop watchng it). All that does is make you look like a pretentious jerk who wants to negate anyone else's feelings regardless of validity. YOU personally do not have that entitlement so please stop doing it. It's fine to disagree but do so constructively. I respect your right to disagree, so you should in turn respect those who don't feel the same way about how the show is playing out based on a lot of really valid points. Trying to invalidate someone or shut them down is a sign of weak character.
All that said, I tried very hard to enjoy the House of Undying scene for the visual beauty it was. I liked the eerie throne room, the transition from the gate of the wall, and the hut with Drogo and son - even though none of those things portrayed anything as was written in Dany's experience from the book - they were in their own right beautiful, poignant and heart wrenching scenes portraying the choices she must make in order to save her dragons and move on towards the future she desires.
I am at the same time sad none of the books prophecies were shown, even if just some symbolic imagery as a nod to the book fans. So much of Martin's writing revolves around the past and the future that it seems to lessen the epic mystery we've all grown to love by omitting most of it.
But overall, I am enjoying the series the way one would enjoy well done artwork or fan fiction for the books - or even admiration for the costumes, the breath-taking locations they've filmed various scenes in and the generally well done acting by all cast members.
I am disappointed with many characters being seemingly less than they are in the books, particularly Daenerys and Arya, two of my favorites - but I continue to support the series adaptation for the number of new fans and appreciation it brings to the books.
4426	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-06-04	Next question:
How much will the changes of the tv-series influence GRRM to "retcon" all the little differences into book 6 ?
Will he leave out the stuff from the books that was ignored or trivialized in the tv-series ? Bronn more awesome in the tv-series than in the books. But in the books, Bronn has been "parked". Will he make a return as main character in book 6 ?
Things like that frighten me.
					
					
							Edited by Gryz, 04 June 2012 - 12:20 PM.
4427	Lord Leyton	2012-06-04	I think it was fucking awesome and the fact that they're changing that much makes it likely that they will rewirte the mess that is AFFC and ADWD entirely, which can only make it better.
4428	I'm_Tim	2012-06-04	People didn't stop watching Twin Peaks cause they were tired of all the quirky stuff... in fact, the show ended because idiotic execs forced Lynch and Frost to make the show less bizarre and they kept undermining their every decision. In the end the show was left in the hands of wholly incompetent writers who had no idea what they were doing and the storytelling and characterization went straight in the gutter after they revealed you-know-who as the killer and people just got fed up of that. The network cancelled the show prematurely, forcing Lynch and Frost to wrap everything up in a pretty unsatisfactory finale.I'm not saying Lost or Twin Peaks or X-files are especially good role models (god knows the Xfiles was a trainwreck after season 7 and Lost just got old after a while) but I was merely responding to the point that a lot of people are trying to make about the prophecies not being included because they would "confuse the non-readers", which I think is incredibly condescending.People stopped watching because Lynch made some awful decisions, most importantly ending the biggest plot point too early. By the time the show was cancelled, it was one of, if not THE, worst rated show on television. Twin Peaks was a disaster because it confused the viewers. Hopefully the writers of GOT don't make the same mistake. I want to see how this plays out.Who's to say that the importance we've put on the mystical nature of the HOTU is even relevant to the end game of ASOIAF?
4429	Pellaeon	2012-06-04	Next question:How much will the changes of the tv-series influence GRRM to "retcon" all the little differences into book 6 ?Will he leave out the stuff from the books that was ignored or trivialized in the tv-series ? Bronn more awesome in the tv-series than in the books. But in the books, Bronn has been "parked". Will he make a return as main character in book 6 ?Things like that frighten me.I think he will write as he want and don't give a fu** for the TV changes, he has his plan and will follow them, he might hide some infos in the episodes he write but he won't get influenced by the series
4430	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	God, some of you are basically begging for HBO to lose their viewers before the series is able to conclude.  Non-readers (who make up the majority of the audience) are already often hanging on to the plot by mere threads.  There is so much going on, and so much to ingest each week, that without multiple viewings many people would be lost.  And you're pissed because HBO didn't cram MORE information into their version of the story?  And not just more info, but cryptic prophetic info that would be more likely to make viewers feel like quitting the show out of a feeling of sheer hopelessness.You're readers.  You've read the upcoming books.  You've read all one thousand plus pages of aSoS multiple times.  You know what's in store for next season.  You know the appendix of characters is as long as an entire chapter.  So cut HBO some slack.  You can not make a movie, or even a tv show, that would include everything you deem awesome in the books.  It's not going to happen.  It CAN'T happen.  So stop throwing hissy fits about things they decide they can' fit or include in their version.I cannot like this enough, because it completely backs up what I have heard from viewers who are not readers as well.  Lots of people really, really like it, but a lot of them are pretty confused too.  My neighbor (who has never read a fantasy book in his life) was asking me to clarify a bunch of stuff a week ago.  Like -- is Stannis Ned's brother, and is that Melisandre his wife, and where exactly are all these things happening, anyway?  I gave him a book with a map and cleared up the other things.I think a lot of us forget how dense these books are, and even telling the simplified story HBO is telling still makes for a very complex tale.  I think some of us are perhaps victims of our own perspective as obsessed readers.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 12:29 PM.
4431	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	So stop throwing hissy fits about things they decide they can' fit or include in their version.Guess what, you're not the first to tell people to stop compaining, and guess what, we won't stop /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> I give credit where it's due, and I seriously loved some parts of the season, and when me (and the majority) hate some parts and express it on the forum, people like you tells us to shut up. Jeez, who are you to tell us to stop speaking our mind, it's a forum, you knew what the thread was about before you ventured in it, so NO we won't stop, you'll just have to stop reading these threads or something if they bother you so much.
4432	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-06-04	I think he will write as he want and don't give a fu** for the TV changes, he has his plan and will follow them, he might hide some infos in the episodes he write but he won't get influenced by the seriesI think that could be true, if GRRM hadn't been involved so much with the tv-series. He's written the script for 2 episodes. He's friends with D&D. I think he cares for the tv-series just as much as for the books. If there would be things in books 6 and 7 that would be incompatible with the tv-series, I am afraid that (unconsiously) he might be trying to "fix" those inconsistencies.
4433	Rogozhin	2012-06-04	I don't understand the whole HBO Defender tack of attacking people pissed off about stuff like Cat's character being screwed over in order to puff up Robb and his silly non-canon harlequin romance, as being against cutting some plots or against simplifying. Mucking up Qarth and making Jaime into a kinslayer is not simplifying things. It is making unnecessary changes, that usually end up taking the screentime from legitimate book canon plots.
And as has been said by others, all the mystery elements have been removed. But I guess the producers reppin' that pervert side of the audience had other priorities...
4434	Castel	2012-06-04	I cannot like this enough, because it completely backs up what I have heard from viewers who are not readers as well.  Lots of people really, really like it, but a lot of them are pretty confused too.  My neighbor (who has never read a fantasy book in his life) was asking me to clarify a bunch of stuff a week ago.  Like -- is Stannis Ned's brother, and is that Melisandre his wife, and where exactly are all these things happening, anyway?  I gave him a book with a map and cleared up the other things.I think a lot of us forget how dense these books are, and even telling the simplified story HBO is telling still makes for a very complex tale.Honestly if you have HBO and HBO GO you really shouldn't be missing obvious stuff like this. I can get missing things like "flex squads" and newspaper terms in the Wire, because those were fucking never explained. But these are plot points that are dealt with, unless you're deaf this shouldn't be an issue.But I guess you have to include everyone.
4435	Roose Seal	2012-06-04	People stopped watching because Lynch made some awful decisions, most importantly ending the biggest plot point too early. By the time the show was cancelled, it was one of, if not THE, worst rated show on television. Twin Peaks was a disaster because it confused the viewers. Hopefully the writers of GOT don't make the same mistake. I want to see how this plays out.Actually, Lynch never wanted to reveal the killer at all. He was forced to do so by the networks execs. He's been interviewed many times on the subject and has always expressed deep resentment about it. It confused the viewers because they never let the showrunners/creators make the show the way they wanted to.But I think you are missing the point I'm trying to make. Read the last part of my last post again.
4436	sumpthy	2012-06-04	you knew what the thread was about before you ventured in it, so NO we won't stop, you'll just have to stop reading these threads or something if they bother you so much.I'm not going to give the very obvious response to this, but seriously? Did you think about what you were typing?
4437	tearloch	2012-06-04	People didn't stop watching Twin Peaks cause they were tired of all the quirky stuff... in fact, the show ended because idiotic execs forced Lynch and Frost to make the show less bizarre and they kept undermining their every decision. In the end the show was left in the hands of wholly incompetent writers who had no idea what they were doing and the storytelling and characterization went straight in the gutter after they revealed you-know-who as the killer and people just got fed up of that. The network cancelled the show prematurely, forcing Lynch and Frost to wrap everything up in a pretty unsatisfactory finale and the rest is history.The fact that Twin Peaks still has a pretty hardcore following, even 20 years later, speaks volume. Not to mention how many shows just wouldn't exist if it wasn't for the doors Twin Peaks opened up.Anyway, I digress: I'm not saying Lost or Twin Peaks or X-files are especially good role models (god knows the Xfiles was a trainwreck after season 7 and Lost just got old after a while) but I was merely responding to the point that a lot of people are trying to make about the prophecies not being included because they would "confuse the non-readers", which I think is incredibly condescending.None of those shows were based on books, though.  Imagine if this show wasn't based on a book.  Has there been any show like this based on a series of books before?  Sure, you could bring of LoTR,   And while I agree to an extent that it may sound condescending, the prophecies alone are not the issue.  Its the prophecies with all the characters and sub plots going on.  I have 2 co-workers who love the show and never read the books.  As we discussed the first season (and parts of second as they aired), we talked about the show, and often when I talked about things that were cut, they got really confused.
4438	gogorath	2012-06-04	I have to say they have completely ruined the character of Margery Tyrell.  First with the scene with Renley where they imply a sexual relationship with Loris (or at the very least they r very open about Loris' sex life), then she goes on with Littlefinger about wanting to be "the queen" and now she is throwing herself at Joffrey in the Red Keep.  Certainly nothing like the girl in the books.I'd say that this complaint epitomizes for me the issues I have with many of the complaints about the adaptations.  My reading of Margaery in the books is more or less like the TV Margaery.  I think she is extremely ambitious, and she puts on a strong public face while playing the game extremely well.  I have little doubt that if we saw Margaery in those private moments -- which we do not -- that we would see this.I'm not saying I'm right.  Perhaps you are.  Perhaps we will find out; perhaps Martin will never really reveal it.  However, it's obvious that the writers and I share this interpretation and it's not unreasonable.  I think they more or less had to choose one when writing it -- the move from POV to third person that TV generally necessitates made us need to see Margaery and Littlefinger and Renly and all sorts of characters when their mask is down -- not just when they are talking to Tyrion or Cersei or Sansa.  Especially the last -- who's not exactly an expert at telling when people are lying.The result is that the writing needs to make choices.  This is one -- and in any case, someone's going to be unhappy.  I'm not saying that all the changes are like this, but many are.  And some are going to go against you.  You can be unhappy with it or roll with it.  I really love what the Shae-Tyrion relationship says about Tyrion in the books, and prefer it to where they are going here (at least where I see it going), but being as objective as I can, it's not a bad story even if it isn't the book story.
4439	7V3N	2012-06-04	Not very long.  While the prophecies are enjoyable at the time, only the hard core fans understand them, and in the end, you lose the casual viewer.How may people watched Lost?  I watched very episode, and by the time the final season rolled around, I was utterly confused as to what the point is.  That kind of stuff works on small doses, but in a long running series, if you have to go back 3 seasons to understand what is going on now, you have lost the audience.After like the fourth season of Lost, I only watched to see how they would explain everything. In the end, they took a cop-out and tried to sell is as artistic, clever, and metaphorical. ASOIAF does not yet have an ending, so it could end up that way, but GRRM does not sell his story by having unexplainable occurrences and promises for a later explanation and has shown incredible writing skills and cunning.
4440	FierceElite	2012-06-04	TV-only audience might be less confused if they actually took the time to add informative dialogue to scenes rather than wasting time with Ros feeling up Varys. Don't blame the density of the plot for why people who haven't read the books are confused. Blame poor screenwriting.I think it was fucking awesome and the fact that they're changing that much makes it likely that they will rewirte the mess that is AFFC and ADWD entirely, which can only make it better.People like you don't deserve to read this series.
4441	Morvran	2012-06-04	Jeez, who are you to tell us to stop speaking our mind, it's a forum, you knew what the thread was about before you ventured in it, so NO we won't stop, you'll just have to stop reading these threads or something if they bother you so much.Of course people will have their nitpicks.  I have plenty of my own.  You should have seen my reaction last night when Robb started saying wedding vows to the Seven!  But some of the rants I read here are insane.  Especially when they focus of things they believe HBO should or should not add to their version of the show.  I think there's a big difference between show writers mangling details that they choose to include  (like Robb's wedding vows) and people ranting when their favorite parts of the book aren't included.
4442	dreamcatcher	2012-06-04	I'm not going to give the very obvious response to this, but seriously? Did you think about what you were typing?And what was I typing, sumpthy? Opening a thread, whose title is already critical towards the last episode, only to say to people "stop complaining, you have no right, etc".. What's the point?
4443	Fez	2012-06-04	I don't much like what they did with HotU myself. Not because it wasn't different though, just because I don't think what they were trying to do worked. I mean, Warlock Dean Pelton (WDP) was essentially doing the same thing the Undying were, keeping Dany's mind occupied while taking advantage of her life energy. The difference being that WDP wanted to do it for centuries, meaning Dany basically needed to go into a magical version of the Matrix.  But what's so appealing about a throne room in ashes/snow? I think it would've been far better if when she entered the throne room it was her coronation and the place looks full of life and joy; and only when she hears her dragon's cry and she turns her back on the throne does it turn into what we see. Similarly when she leaves the tent that has Drago and Rheago it should freeze over or burn away or something along those lines. That way it makes it clear that Dany doesn't care about these things, not as much as she does her dragons. And then she can "wake up" and confront WDP. That's a HotU that makes sense; and I think would still be thematically consistent with the books as far as Dany goes. Which, to get to my main point, is what's important about that scene in the books anyway: the visions themselves were window dressing, fan service from GRRM for us, the Undying could've been showing Dany visions of naked covorting men and it would've had the same effect on her character. The visions themselves aren't important, only that there are visions.
As for the larger issue, that this is a wholly original story now or some such, I think that's a completely inaccurate characterization.  GRRM's used many times the metaphor that his story is garden, and for my purposes I'm now going to ask: view it as a mountain and the books are a path up it. There are certain deviations that the path took towards things that GRRM found interesting so that a closer look could be had, a cliff overlook or a waterfall, and other things that you can only see from the path in the far distance, a particularly large tree or a patch of berries, but essentially its a path up a mountain.  And the show is just another path up the mountain, at some points its in the same place as GRRM's path, but it avoids some of his deviations and goes off on some of its own, maybe it thinks cliffs are boring but really likes large trees. The thing is though, its still a path up the same mountain and when you've reached the top you'll overall have the same experience regardless of which path you took: you climbed a mountain, with just a few variations in what you saw on the way up it. 
Both paths are equally valid, they get to the top, just like any preferences or opinions that any of us have about the story/mountain are equally valid. It's my belief that once a work has been created, every textually-supported interpretation is equally valid, and an author's word is no more canon then anyone else (unless it gets written into a future book). D&D have their preferences and opinions and are adapting the story in a way that they think is interesting and will appeal to viewers. If you don't like it, you're free to criticize or not watch it or whatever else it is you want to do, but you can't deny that its not the same story anymore. They are adapting it in their own way, bu they're climbing the same mountain; its not like they said "screw it, climbing's hard" and went off to go swimming instead.
4444	sumpthy	2012-06-04	And what was I typing, sumpthy? Opening a thread, whose title is already critical towards the last episode, only to say to people "stop complaining, you have no right, etc".. What's the point?Is a very silly thing, I agree. But so is watching a television show that apparently makes you very, very angry. If every minor change is going to send you into a rage, stop watching, it's not worth it. What's the point? Re-read the books. There'll be no changes in them since the last time you read them and no matter how many times you've read them, there's probably some little interesting tidbits that you never really picked up on before.
4445	Silverx2	2012-06-04	id love if someone can explain why my post including the visions and why they wouldn't work/could be left out got deleted.
4446	tearloch	2012-06-04	I don't understand the whole HBO Defender tack of attacking people pissed off about stuff like Cat's character being screwed over in order to puff up Robb and his silly non-canon harlequin romance, as being against cutting some plots or against simplifying. Mucking up Qarth and making Jaime into a kinslayer is not simplifying things. It is making unnecessary changes, that usually end up taking the screentime from legitimate book canon plots. And as has been said by others, all the mystery elements have been removed. But I guess the producers reppin' that pervert side of the audience had other priorities...Oh, I love the Robb romance beef.  Lets try to remember something....was their a single POV with Robb when he meets, beds, and marries his wife?  Did we see it in the book?  No, Robb just shows up one day with a wife, and we, as readers, accepted it BECAUSE we understand how GRRM laid out the books, through independent POVs, meaning us, the readers, often learn about MAJOR events in dialogue after the fact.  This is one of those cases that if Robb suddenly shows up with a new wive after promising to marry a Frey, the TV audience (non-book readers) would be upset and look down up Robb for it.  By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause.  Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it.  So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact.
4447	Morvran	2012-06-04	This is one of those cases that if Robb suddenly shows up with a new wive after promising to marry a Frey, the TV audience (non-book readers) would be upset and look down up Robb for it.  By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause.  Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it.  So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />They needed a love story, and I'm glad they created one.
4448	tearloch	2012-06-04	Fez brought up a good point.  Anyone notice how Dany went North of the Wall and encounters he "Love" and "Child".  Is this foreshadowing to Dany + Jon Snow?
4449	FierceElite	2012-06-04	Oh, I love the Robb romance beef.  Lets try to remember something....was their a single POV with Robb when he meets, beds, and marries his wife?  Did we see it in the book?  No, Robb just shows up one day with a wife, and we, as readers, accepted it BECAUSE we understand how GRRM laid out the books, through independent POVs, meaning us, the readers, often learn about MAJOR events in dialogue after the fact.  This is one of those cases that if Robb suddenly shows up with a new wive after promising to marry a Frey, the TV audience (non-book readers) would be upset and look down up Robb for it.  By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause.  Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it.  So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact.Except, Robb tells us how he came to marry Jeyne Westerling, and it's not even close to how he came to marry Talisa from Volantis.
4450	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Oh, I love the Robb romance beef.  Lets try to remember something....was their a single POV with Robb when he meets, beds, and marries his wife?  Did we see it in the book?  No, Robb just shows up one day with a wife, and we, as readers, accepted it BECAUSE we understand how GRRM laid out the books, through independent POVs, meaning us, the readers, often learn about MAJOR events in dialogue after the fact.  This is one of those cases that if Robb suddenly shows up with a new wive after promising to marry a Frey, the TV audience (non-book readers) would be upset and look down up Robb for it.  By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause.  Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it.  So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact.how could anyone have sympathy for robb for marrying talisa? sorry there is NOTHING sympathetic to Robb right now.
4451	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />They needed a love story, and I'm glad they created one.Why did they need a love story?
4452	gogorath	2012-06-04	I normally don't understand complainers that comlain about how Renly wasn't eating a peach, or how there was no mention to the ghost of Renly, or how Davos only has one son. I was okay with the Jeyne's replacement and Robb's stubborness.I was a bit sad that they cut Ramsay's introduction since it's a very powerful introduction but hey I thought they'd make it up in the last ep.But not...and this ep was the ep that made me feel anger towarde what I was watching.Winterfell was burned without even explaining that it was RAMSAY that did it. I bet 99% of the viewers think the ironborn did it.Agree.  It may be a mistake.  Then again, we're getting Ramsay in Season 3, so maybe it's meant to be a bit of mystery? Qhorin died without making it clear that he wanted Jon Snow to infiltrate the Wildlings.Well, and I mean this respectfully, only if you aren't paying attention.  I mean, he was dead clear.  A couple of times.  We very much know Qhorin's intentions.  What is fuzzier are Jon's.  I don't know how I feel about the ambiguity yet, but Jon's choice of staying with the Wildlings and living free or doing his duty is being set up as a harder choice here.  There's no payoff here in Season 2, but I hope the result is a very nice end of that character arc at the end of Season 3. And then the house of the undying became a joke. The scene i was more looking foward in the show was replaced by DanyxDrogo for the female fans. What the f*** ?No Rhaegar, no Wolf King, no prophecies, no mad king, no song of ice and fire.I don't think Drogo was fan service for the female fans.  This entire episode -- and season -- has been from a character standpoint, a season of making choices are what is important, of duty versus personal.  Arya, Theon, Robb, Jon, Tyrion, and now Dany.  It was a temptation to stay with something that could have made her happy.  And she chose her dragons and her other goals instead.I love the backstory and I hope they find a way to incorporate it much more.  But this arc and climax is solid writing and wasn't done to get Jason Momoa's pecs on screen.  There's a point.  I get that you disappointed, but that doesn't mean the writers chose to change it for female fanservice.  Give them some more credit.Doreah being wasted on a stupid plot, if they intended to get rid of Doreah this way they should've killed her in the red waste and let irri live to fulfill her role in the book.This is all but a peach level complaint.  What's Irri's role in the books?  To have a lesbian encounter with Dany?  I'm sad Doreah is dead because the actress is beyond beautiful but Missandei takes over that role anyway.This is no longer little changes, this is huge changed that change the way people see characters in a completely different way. I always thought that Dany's actions in ADwD were fueled by a paranoia over the prophecies...that she no longer has.The only way they can fix what has been left out Imo is to have Quaithe in the next season tell her the prophecies, have a Robert Rebellion prequel before they reach ADwD and have the Rhaegar and Mad King scene where he talks about the prophecies and the song of ice and fire and we see the level of madness of the Mad King.There are changes to the characters.  I don't agree with everyone as to the extent of them, but no doubt there are changes.  There will be more.  I will say I actually enjoy that there was a character arc here for Dany that seemed missing in Clash.  Dany is reliant on others -- Viserys, Drogo, Jorah, her Bloodriders, her Dragons.  As they are stripped away, she struggles, trying to find others to give her support -- Xaro, the Spice King, etc.  Eventually she goes and gets her own power (back) and learns more self-reliance.  It's not perfect, but I feel like she grew more her than in Clash (if only by taking a step back).I do hope they add Quaithe's prophecies in, perhaps as she leaves Qarth at the beginning of next season?  I have to say my interpretation of Dany's actions in Dance are not the same as yours -- I see it completely differently, and so I don't know if either D&D can or even will try to fix it from your point of view.Martin's characters can be interpreted many ways.  D&D have to pick one.But whatever what I felt from Dany's TV prophecies is that after the red wedding they'll make only one more season that will be mostly filler and tying loose ends and have it end with Dany saving the world from the OthersThat seems like a lot to get from a one minute sequence.I'll still watch the show though, if I was a TV viewer I'd love it to death, so from now on I'll differentiate the two. The book and the what if TV version ( that is still pretty good if you don't compare it with the books)I'd encourage that.  I learned to do this with other adaptations and as I result I feel confident in saying I enjoy the show much more than those who don't.  And that's kind of the point, right?
4453	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	Honestly if you have HBO and HBO GO you really shouldn't be missing obvious stuff like this. I can get missing things like "flex squads" and newspaper terms in the Wire, because those were fucking never explained. But these are plot points that are dealt with, unless you're deaf this shouldn't be an issue.But I guess you have to include everyone.Yes, all of those things were mentioned.  Along with about 50 other details in each episode.I remember the discussions here many years ago when the prospect of turning this into a movie or TV series was mentioned, and there was a huge debate about whether it was even possible to do that given the complexities of the story.  After all, a great many of us go back and reread all the prior books, sometimes POV by POV, to make sure we're "up" on everything so we can't miss it.  And I'm guessing that very few of us make it through one of these books in the same 10 hours it takes to watch a book's worth of episodes.  And despite that obsessive reading, many of us still forget details, etc., in all these discussions.My point is that I think many of us have lost sight of how complex, and detail-oriented this entire series is.  I know some people who tried to read the books and gave up because of that detail.  So to film that, make a cohesive narrative, and then do it in such a way that people can actually remember those details when an entire week goes by between episodes, is going to be extremely difficult.  They're going to have to condense some detail, overlook other detail, and sometimes inflate other things to keep a narrative that can be followed, while still retaining dramatic interest.The result, I think, is inherently going to be different from the books, and some folks aren't going to be happy about that missing detail.  But I think the blame for that really should go to the entire concept of trying to film the series in the first place.
4454	Castel	2012-06-04	how could anyone have sympathy for robb for marrying talisa? sorry there is NOTHING sympathetic to Robb right now.I guess it is if you're the type of person to look at young, difficult love and go googly-eyed, which to be fair is a huge portion of the TV watching audience. But even with them creating a situation where Catelyn has little say in the matter (I'm convinced that that is the real reason that they let Jaime go the way they did, or one of the reasons anyway next to them not wanting to shoot two different sets of scenes) it does come off as a bit flat.
4455	7V3N	2012-06-04	TV-only audience might be less confused if they actually took the time to add informative dialogue to scenes rather than wasting time with Ros feeling up Varys. Don't blame the density of the plot for why people who haven't read the books are confused. Blame poor screenwriting. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Well said.People like you don't deserve to read this series.Do not make things personal. Everyone has their opinion. You can disagree with it (although the conservative-liberal adaptation debate has been overdone and has deeply divided these forums /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> ), but do not start personal arguments here. Exchange email information and do it through that. As members, it is our responsibility to keep this site intelligent, thought-provoking, kind, and welcoming.EDIT: Even if it might have been a joke, it is best not to leave it up for interpretation. I have been attacked for a sarcastic comment about how Dany's "mounts" are just her being a slut because people thought I was serious, even with an emoticon.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 04 June 2012 - 12:59 PM.
4456	tearloch	2012-06-04	Except, Robb tells us how he came to marry Jeyne Westerling, and it's not even close to how he came to marry Talisa from Volantis.Really?  In the book HE was injured in battle, and she nursed him to health.  In the show, she is nursing his soldiers back to health.   OK, minor change, but keeping with the Young Wolf's image of power.  Then they fall in love, have sex, and get married.  Sure, they leave out the ridiculously minor point that Jeyne is a Lannister bannerman's son.  What am I missing here?  Robb still has a wife, who has some skill at healing, who is NOT a Frey, and he will pay for it.
4457	Morvran	2012-06-04	how could anyone have sympathy for robb for marrying talisa? sorry there is NOTHING sympathetic to Robb right now.In your opinion.  But he's a boy.  He fell in love.  I'd argue it was highly romantic and has made many viewers sympathetic to his actions.  It was certainly much better than, "Hey mom!  So, yeah...I got hurt and then had sex with my nurse and felt bad about it because she was a maid and everything so I went ahead and got married.  How's everything here?"
4458	Castel	2012-06-04	Why did they need a love story?Martin foreshadowed this perfectly in one of his interviews. TV even TV like HBO tends to run on formulas and quotas. They may not have been forced to add a romance but it is pretty much a staple of most genres and they probably wanted to resort to it anyway.  It's just the way the game is played. It may not have been necessary but it's just one of those things that's done.Also, finding out that Robb was married next season without any warning would really be wtf.The result, I think, is inherently going to be different from the books, and some folks aren't going to be happy about that missing detail. But I think the blame for that really should go to the entire concept of trying to film the series in the first place. Hm, I guess. I don't mind having an abridged series. I mind changes that make less sense when you stick to the rest of canon. And they've made very few of those compared to just cutting things out. But I might be a minority here.
4459	Morvran	2012-06-04	Why did they need a love story?I meant that they needed a love story to show why Robb does what he does...though it didn't necessarily need to be a love story, but they needed some background.  It was a comment in agreement with the idea that it makes more sense to develop Robb's story and reasons for his oath-breaking than to just have him show up one episode and say that he married his nurse b/c they had sex.  It means a lot for tv character development imo.
4460	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	Warlock Dean Pelton (WDP) /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />As if you couldn't tell from my avatar, this made me laugh out loud.
4461	FierceElite	2012-06-04	Really?  In the book HE was injured in battle, and she nursed him to health.  In the show, she is nursing his soldiers back to health.   OK, minor change, but keeping with the Young Wolf's image of power.  Then they fall in love, have sex, and get married.  Sure, they leave out the ridiculously minor point that Jeyne is a Lannister bannerman's son.  What am I missing here?  Robb still has a wife, who has some skill at healing, who is NOT a Frey, and he will pay for it.Yes. In the book, he was injured, and she took care of his injuries. He didn't stumble upon some attractive girl voluntarily healing wounded soldiers in the field, and then follow her around like a puppy for an undisclosed amount of time. He was wounded, and she was there when he got the news about Bran and Rickon, so they embraced in his moment of weakness. At that point, he felt honor-bound to marry her. Not even close to this cliche love at first sight story, something GRRM intentionally avoids.
4462	Fez	2012-06-04	/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />As if you couldn't tell from my avatar, this made me laugh out loud.Sadly I can't claim original credit for that, though it seems to have spread now almost as much as the term "sexposition". I think Andy Greenwald over at Grantland was the first to call him that.
4463	ShadowRaven	2012-06-04	I absolutely agree!
- No Reeds
- No Ramsay
- No REAL DIALOG between Qhorin and Jon
- Arya's storyline messed up
- Bran going with Osha
- Dany's vision being completely wrong
- No Rhaegar in Dany's visions
- Self made scenes with Daxos prince
- Robb's lame falling in love and marriage
- No Jeyne Westerling
- Too many sex scenes
- Instead of the Reeds they give airtime to that red head actress who plays a whore
- No Theon being taken captive by Ramsay
And the list goes on and on and on. And It's not just small detail... These are HUGE DIFFERENCES!
					
					
							Edited by ShadowRaven, 04 June 2012 - 01:08 PM.
4464	NW Deserter	2012-06-04	I think a lot of us forget how dense these books are, and even telling the simplified story HBO is telling still makes for a very complex tale.  I think some of us are perhaps victims of our own perspective as obsessed readers.FLoW, your posts in this thread are all awesome, and this line sums up my opinions as well.Since LOTR has been brought up for comparison, there was one thing Peter Jackson said in the documentaries of those films. He brought up the point that the books (LOTR trilogy) were written, existed, and will exist for all time. They will be forever there for fans like us to digest, debate, enjoy, and remember fondly when we are done. Him and his crew are just a group of fans translating their own interpretation of Tolkien's story, and obviously it's not going to please the other groups of fans. He never claimed to be some master of this world, he was just a man who loved the world and the story as much as any other Joe Schmo who read LOTR and loved it. The difference was that the decided to create a visualization of what he saw as the central themes, plot points, and characterizations.I really think the same can be said of ASOIAF. D&D are just another couple of gigantic fans of Martin's world. In one of their "inside the episode" things, they even mentioned how they loved the opportunity of making the show because it allowed them to take Martin's canvas of fantastic characters and explore how they might feel or what they might do in situation X or situation Y. Couple of examples that I think illustrate this:Dany's dragons getting stolen. Obviously this was not something Martin wrote, but D&D took the character of Dany (who went through the same overall journey and characterization that Martin put her through) and explored how she would develop based off a situation that a) made for much better television, and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> was a very plausible event that Martin decided not to write about. In the end, they even had her become the same type of character that she had become by that point in the books.Arya & Tywin together. Martin decided to use a lot of secondary characters to accomplish the same development, but D&D wanted to see how both Tywin and Arya would act by giving these two people screen time together. I thought this was one of the best changes, and it also helped a lot with pacing and plot condensing.Jon and Ygritte together for much longer. This was another change I ended up liking a lot, specifically because the Halfhand still played out exactly the role he was there for, and the relationship between J&Y is much more important and relevant than the flimsy one Jon and Quorin had. And in the end, it provided interesting television with roughly the same characterization of all three characters I mentioned.I could go on but I think you get my point. Someone else mentioned it already, but even with the changes, this show is far, far, FAR from an "inspired-by" story. All the major characters are about where they need to be plot-wise, and they've mostly been characterized the same way.People like you don't deserve to read this series.This is laughable, and if other personal attacks are being deleted, this one needs to as well for consistency. I wonder what the qualifications are for being "deserving" of reading a book series. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
4465	David Selig	2012-06-04	Oh, I love the Robb romance beef.  Lets try to remember something....was their a single POV with Robb when he meets, beds, and marries his wife?  Did we see it in the book?  No, Robb just shows up one day with a wife, and we, as readers, accepted it BECAUSE we understand how GRRM laid out the books, through independent POVs, meaning us, the readers, often learn about MAJOR events in dialogue after the fact.  This is one of those cases that if Robb suddenly shows up with a new wive after promising to marry a Frey, the TV audience (non-book readers) would be upset and look down up Robb for it.  By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause.  Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it.  So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact.If this was the intention, it seems to have backfired spectacularly, since most people, both book readers and not, seem to dislike or even hate Robb because of the Talisa romance.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 04 June 2012 - 01:09 PM.
4466	gogorath	2012-06-04	As to the confusing images and all... I mean, maybe? But the fact is that if you look at the huge following that shows like Lost and X-Files and Twin Peaks had at their heights, people absolutely adore being confused by symbolism and images and foreshadowing. They love mystery.This show has drained almost every ounce of mystery out of the narrative in the novels, and simply leaves with basic plot stuff like, "Who will win?" That's not really a mystery.Hell, not a single real reference to the catspaw trying to kill Bran, nor the identity of Jon Arryn's murderer, and they appear to clear up who sent Mandon Moore after Tyrion -- a question that's never resolved in the novels, so far as I can tell.That's probably the greatest thematic deviation of the show from the novels: an antipathy to mystery. George uses it to great effect, as tens of thousands (hundreds of thousands, more likely) of posts discussing all the mysteries in the series reveal. It was the last thing -- literally the last thing -- I ever believed that the showrunners would jettison in their adaptation. The first season, hinging as it did on mysteries, or characters exploring things that were mysteries to them, certainly gave no hint that the second season would be devoid of  them.Some of this I agree with and some I don't.I do think the House of the Undying could have been done like in the books and a lot of non-readers would have enjoyed it.  I'm not unhappy with where they went (I think the end of it versus the end in the books was a disappointment, but I like the visions in the show).  I do think people would respond well to the prophecies and mystery -- although I would say that's the same reason it's funny to me when people complain "people won't know who burned down Winterfell!"  Well, if they can be okay with not knowing what a blue rose signifies in a Wall they can asked who burned down Winterfell.As for the non-magical elements, I disagree.  While the show can be more overt, do we know who set Mandon Moore on Tyrion?  Are we supposed to believe Varys?  He could be lying.  The mystery of who sent the catspaw to Bran is still out there -- isn't only in Tyrion's thoughts that he assumes it is Joff?  I don't remember, but I think that floats as well.There's less mystery, but I also think that we as watchers tend to take people at their word more in the show than in the book.  Maybe it's because we don't get everything where contradictions show up.  Maybe it's the lack of POV structure.
4467	Morvran	2012-06-04	Not even close to this cliche love at first sight story, something GRRM intentionally avoids.Who are we to lay judgement on the reasons people fall in love?  (and actually, in the book there isn't love, only duty).  I've never married someone because I felt bad that I had sex with them, and no one I know has done that either, but I've known plenty of people who've fallen prey to love at first sight, including myself.  .....so.....which one would most people relate to better?
4468	tearloch	2012-06-04	Yes. In the book, he was injured, and she took care of his injuries. He didn't stumble upon some attractive girl voluntarily healing wounded soldiers in the field, and then follow her around like a puppy for an undisclosed amount of time. He was wounded, and she was there when he got the news about Bran and Rickon, so they embraced in his moment of weakness. At that point, he felt honor-bound to marry her. Not even close to this cliche love at first sight story, something GRRM intentionally avoids.So my original point about sympathy of the TV audience still applies.  Do you think the TV audience would rather see Robb throw everything away because he "embraced" [BTW, good use of words for what really happened] a maiden in a time of weakness OR for a "love at first sight" type of romance with a selfless girl healing wounded soldiers in a war that she has no part in?
4469	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	TV-only audience might be less confused if they actually took the time to add informative dialogue to scenes rather than wasting time with Ros feeling up Varys. Don't blame the density of the plot for why people who haven't read the books are confused. Blame poor screenwriting.More informative dialogue doesn't solve the problem of too much detail -- it exascerbates it.  Ros feeling up Varys is just context for the scene, and doesn't require detailed recall.  They deliberately omit some factual detail so as to not overburden viewers with trying to keep track of it all.  It's the exact same reason Eomer replaced Erkenbrand in the filmed versions of Lord of the Rings.  Yes, you could throw in a couple of lines mentioning Erkenbrand, and then have him show up at Helm's Deep.  But it is adding another character and more detail, which can result in the actual narrative getting lost.People like you don't deserve to read this series.It's funny -- lots of people in these very forums criticized AFFC and ADWD for being too slow, or not progressing as they'd like.  I mean, that's the reality.  So I don't think it's beyond the realm of possibility that HBO's inherent need to condense some things might actually improve those parts of the story.
4470	gogorath	2012-06-04	I really dont enjoy having to read 4-5 posts on every page saying the same thing. OK- you guys don't like people who read and love the book series not liking the show. Well get off the forum if it bothers you, we're fanatics. That's why we're posting on asoiaf.westeros.org forum!And it's insulting to say one cannot compare the "adaptation" to the original. Why? Because you don't want to?	... Having said that, I myself have to view them separately. Maybe it's a problem with translating fantasy to the screen, but the show is pure cheese. If you like corny lines, simplified and nonsensical "political" plots, one dimensional characters and the same scripted romance we've seen a million times over, then the show is for you.You really missed his/her point.  Just because some things weren't exactly in the book, or the timing of a character arc is changed, doesn't mean it won't happen.  That's all the poster is saying.
4471	kevinbgwrites	2012-06-04	I thought the sequence was alright though its weird that they got Jason Momoa to play Rhaegar Targaryen.
4472	She-Ra	2012-06-04	How is this show becoming a joke? Explain that? It's far from it, there is a reason many people are calling it the best show on TV. Because the show is amazing, whether or not it sticks to the books 100% doesn't matter, what matters is that they give us a great show and that is EXACTLY what they're doing.I can understand passion for the source material, but this is going to far.You are so right! Television shows and movies cannot possibly include everything from the books they're based on. They are meant to stand on their own and not be a replica of the book.Also TV and movies try to reach a wide audience whereas books like these have a niche of readers.I didn't know the show was was based on books during season one. As soon as I found out, I bought all of the books and started reading because I know that the book is always better than the show or movie.
4473	Rogozhin	2012-06-04	Yes. In the book, he was injured, and she took care of his injuries. He didn't stumble upon some attractive girl voluntarily healing wounded soldiers in the field, and then follow her around like a puppy for an undisclosed amount of time. He was wounded, and she was there when he got the news about Bran and Rickon, so they embraced in his moment of weakness. At that point, he felt honor-bound to marry her. Not even close to this cliche love at first sight story, something GRRM intentionally avoids.Indeed. Talisa feels like some 12yo girl's fanfic character.Might be she'll grow into less of a Mary Sue next season. But I don't think so. Like Renly, D&D obviously love Robb, and are puffing him and his "kingly" credentials beyond book canon. I wonder how that scene where he scolds Cat for disagreeing about his choice of an heir will go? Will Talisa be in hand, to agree with Robb's "justified" anger and shame the silly mother even further?
4474	Dracarya	2012-06-04	I thought the sequence was alright though its weird that they got Jason Momoa to play Rhaegar Targaryen./lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Best post of the thread.
4475	NW Deserter	2012-06-04	I absolutely agree!- No Reeds- No Ramsay- No REAL DIALOG between Qhorin and Jon- Arya's storyline messed up- Bran going with Osha- Dany's vision being completely wrong- No Rhaegar in Dany's visions- Self made scenes with Daxos prince- Robb's lame falling in love and marriage- No Jeyne Westerling- Too many sex scenes- Instead of the Reeds they give airtime to that red head actress who plays a whore- No Theon being taken captive by RamsayAnd the list goes on and on and on. And It's not just small detail... These are HUGE DIFFERENCES!Few points at this:Reeds will be cast next season, as will Ramsay.We don't know Theon didn't get captured, it was intentionally left untold and I'm sure the entire sack of WF will be addressed next season.Arya's storyline messed up? I'm curious why you think that. She still gets out of Harrenhall, gets the coin from Jaqen, learns about the FM and gets an offer to learn how to be an assassin, and ACTUALLY CONSIDERS IT. Even if she hasn't killed anyone since the stable boy, there is plenty of evidence showing that she is a much darker character, as well as plenty of time for her to get to that point. I think the arc with her and the Hound will be something special in the next couple seasons.The points concerning the visions and lack of J&Q dialogue are legitimate, but I don't think they detract much from anything. You still get the obvious impression of what Quorin is trying to do, and the back-and-forth of Jon and Ygritte was much more entertaining. As for the visions, this has been addressed by other posters so I won't type some long-winded thing, but what they put in was still very powerful and showed Dany's development beautifully.
4476	tearloch	2012-06-04	If this was the intention, it seems to have backfired spectacularly, since most people, both book readers and not, seem to dislike or even hate Robb because of the Talisa romance.Well, that differs from most of my non-reader friends.  There are a couple that have voiced concerns for Robb breaking his oath to marry a Frey, but they also acknowledge that the Freys don't seem trustworthy, and he is probably better off getting away from them.  I wonder how yours will feel after the red wedding?
4477	LordofWinter	2012-06-04	I sympathize with disappointment in the House of the Undying sequence, but I think the opening post is a HUGE overreaction filled with extreme hyperbole and exaggeration. Yes, it sucked that we didn't get to see Rheagar and Elia, yes, I would like more prophecy in the show, but 75% of what happened in this episode still came from A Song of Ice and Fire. Nearly every scene led to where these characters will be going in A Storm of Swords, from Arya given the coin and looking for her mother to Jon joining the Wildlings to Robb marying someone else and breaking his pact with Walder Frey. To claim that it's an original story in the ASoIaF world is clearly not the case.1- I F***ing love that you're starburns2- while i understand your position, i think what you're failing to understand (at least from the perspective of fans who have a problem with this and other episodes) is that "we're" not upset about the scenes they've done, it's that "we're" upset over how they've altered those scenes. Yes many of those scenes were ones we saw in the books, but they have been changed drastically. Not just the 'feel' of these scenes, but dialogue and certain characters actions as well. Until it reaches a point where it no longer resembles the novels we read.examplesin the novels Catelyn is miles away from Robb when he decides to marry Jeyne. Not a guest at the wedding. This may seem to be a small change but in reality is huge. Reading that section of the books you [the reader] think that this was  a plausible mistake on Robb's part which was only possible because his mother wasn't around to prevent him from acting so rashly. Whereas the show has just discredited Catelyn's intelligence, respect and responsibility as a mother and provider for her family, so that Robb is seen to do something so incredibly foolish almost to spite his mother and her previous careless actions. By allowing both Robb and Cat to act so stupidly without them having the justifiable excuse of grief over the deaths of Bran and Rickon you've turned sympathetic characters into rightfully doomed characters. the house of the undying was a MAJOR scene in those novels, so not doing them correctly simply negates the fact that you did them at all. There was literally no purpose for Dany to go to tHotU without the night shade and the visions. as a viewer and a reader I excepted the contrived theft of her dragons as them finding a more exciting purpose for getting there. Because of time constraints, budgetary issues, casting etc. But once you've made her arrive at tHotU why would you not show the visions that are the sole purpose of that scene?  - sorry R+L=J fans looks like they will be skipping over any and all clues of that this series. Because it would have costed too much or confused the story to simply add a blue rose to THE WALL THAT IS STANDING DIRECTLY BEHIND DANY!?!? or to cast two characters for one scene in that throne room in KL for the Aerys and Rhaegar vision? - we can show you more about why the red wedding will happen, but our costs won't allow for a dinner table and a man with a wolves head. - three betrayal you will....nope? so it's not important to underline or even display for that matter the basis of Dany's mistrust for the next three seasons? So we're just going to keep playing this "I will take what is mine with fire and blood" crap over and over? alright but prepare for the world to hate her. the exclusion of Garlan Tyrell was just one of laziness in my opinion. You're talking about a character that you needed for two scenes. and one who didn't really need any dialogue. all we have to do is see him standing next to his brother and tywin lannister in renly's armour and then the next scene his identity is explained just before he leaves KL to return home. You're telling me with all of the extras they've got walking around set you couldn't just give one a raise for a day of shooting? i don't buy it. who burned Winterfell? remember when you read the books, how fucked up it was that everybody thought it was Theon and the Ironborn when you knew that it was actually Ramsay that sick bastard? well, good thing you read those books than. wait, what happened to Bronn? So he's not head of the City Watch anymore? did they mention anything about a Lordship? or any reward? Why isn't he available to see Tyrion a man he the last time we saw him claimed to be his friend? okay this one i had a huge problem with: Rattleshirt is the most flip flopping bastard ever. an example of really bad writing in my opinion. scene one: "he's not yours to kill...crow". next scene: "let them fight!"......<----what the fuck just happened there?arya stark the sweet, twisted little girl who has absolutely no reason to be a sweetly twisted as she will be coming up in the next couple of seasons. that is unless they change her story completely.  I think someone else here mentioned that Brienne is killing people left right and center to compensate for the lack of dead bodies on arya's conscience.
4478	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	Indeed. Talisa feels like some 12yo girl's fanfic character.Might be she'll grow into less of a Mary Sue next season. But I don't think so. Like Renly, D&D obviously love Robb, and are puffing him and his "kingly" credentials beyond book canon. I wonder how that scene where he scolds Cat for disagreeing about his choice of an heir will go? Will Talisa be in hand, to agree with Robb's "justified" anger and shame the silly mother even further?If the question is which version make Robb look dumber, then I think dallying with the daughter of a Lannister bannerman, about whom he should have been particularly cautious, wins that debate.  The idea that he might be seduced by one of his enemy's allies, who is planted as his nurse for precisely that purpose, isn't much of a stretch.  But as filmed, with a girl who had no connection to the Lannisters, whom he came across randomly, his actions at least lack that additional element of stupidity that was present with him marrying Jeyne Westerling.
4479	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	how could anyone have sympathy for robb for marrying talisa? sorry there is NOTHING sympathetic to Robb right now.This is the most baffling thing about the season.I get showing Robb's romance on screen. Heck, if I were adapting ASoIaF, I'd do it too. Show, not tell, since this is a visual medium. Also *checks title, it is indeed book spoilers* by having the audience root for Robb to marry someone else, it makes the audience more implicit in the Red Wedding when that comes, having cheered for Robb to schmooze and romance earlier.But the execution has just been so weird. We get fake Bran and fake Rickon being killed... and then nothing comes from it! No one finds out! So what we're left with are the two rash decisions Robb and Cat make, marrying Jeyne/Talisa and letting Jaime go, with none of the backbone of grief that makes the decisions understandable. I wouldn't have even minded if what they had replaced it with made sense and was dramatically fulfilling, but it isn't. Cat lets Jaime free because the Karstarks are going to kill him... except when Robb questions her, it isn't brought up at all and instead, she just explains it was "for the girls" with none of the context of her now realizing she only has three children left. Similarily, Robb's story of Jeyne healing him while wounded and mad with grief and briefly giving into his flesh, then doing the honorable "Stark" thing and marrying her because he dishonored her holds more power, emotion, and resonance than the entireity of Robb and Talisa's contrived romance, which by this point, has just come off as "Robb breaks his pact because he thinks this girl is hot and wants to marry her rather than the ugly one he hasn't met," which, you're exactly right, makes him completely unsympathetic in this world's context.Again, some changes I understand because they're too expensive or wouldn't work in a visual form rather than being written about... but I see no such excuse in Robb and Catelyn's arcs this year, which would've worked perfectly fine if kept accurate-but-fleshed out, rather than the weird stuff given in its place.
4480	skubasteve5160	2012-06-04	HBO has set out to make a show that is creative and entertaining for the viewers of HBO. They want as many people to watch it as possible and they want those people to be able to understand it.
They did not set out to make a show so perfectly aligned with the novels that the readers of the series were very happy and had nothing to complain about.
It is fun to get on here and debate about which changes were good and which changes were bad or unnecessary. But to get on here and whine and whine about every little change that is made is absolutely ridiculous.
4481	Castel	2012-06-04	Yes. In the book, he was injured, and she took care of his injuries. He didn't stumble upon some attractive girl voluntarily healing wounded soldiers in the field, and then follow her around like a puppy for an undisclosed amount of time. He was wounded, and she was there when he got the news about Bran and Rickon, so they embraced in his moment of weakness. At that point, he felt honor-bound to marry her. Not even close to this cliche love at first sight story, something GRRM intentionally avoids. He basically comes across as an irresponsible ass, given how  he brushes off Bolton to speak with Talisa.I absolutely agree!- No Reeds- No Ramsay- No REAL DIALOG between Qhorin and Jon- Arya's storyline messed up- Bran going with Osha- Dany's vision being completely wrong- No Rhaegar in Dany's visions- Self made scenes with Daxos prince- Robb's lame falling in love and marriage- No Jeyne Westerling- Too many sex scenes- Instead of the Reeds they give airtime to that red head actress who plays a whore- No Theon being taken captive by RamsayAnd the list goes on and on and on. And It's not just small detail... These are HUGE DIFFERENCES!These are the worst, since they're not just a result of budgetary concerns but with the writers being very self indulgentWell, that differs from most of my non-reader friends.  There are a couple that have voiced concerns for Robb breaking his oath to marry a Frey, but they also acknowledge that the Freys don't seem trustworthy, and he is probably better off getting away from them.  I wonder how yours will feel after the red wedding?The problem is that they didn't emphasize exactly how terrible what Robb was doing was in the context of Westerosi society. Cat starts and then is shot down/ doesn't say anything, but this is becoming a thing with Cat. But hopefully they're saving it for the next season.
4482	Jabronius Maximus	2012-06-04	Well season 3 will be based on the first half of Storm of Swords (says so on Wikipedia), so I think they'll have more space to work with and HOPEFULLY get in some things about Rhaegar, Roberts rebellion and some of the prophecies. Hell if GRRM takes 6 years to write the next book I wouldn't even mind a whole season dedicated to Robert's rebellion
4483	LordofWinter	2012-06-04	So my original point about sympathy of the TV audience still applies.  Do you think the TV audience would rather see Robb throw everything away because he "embraced" [BTW, good use of words for what really happened] a maiden in a time of weakness OR for a "love at first sight" type of romance with a selfless girl healing wounded soldiers in a war that she has no part in?i would agree with your points here if it wasn't for the fact that TV show Talisa is sneaky and untrustworthy. Does ANYBODY trust this chick? to most people who watch the show Talisa has managed to maneuver her way not only into Robb's camp but into his tent as well. There have been multiple hints to there being a spy within Robb's camp and here he is chasing this mysterious girl who is openly 'working' with both sides. it's this that makes Robb's death less sympathetic. He fell in love with Jeyne during a trying time in his life, while suffering a vicious wound to the leg. TV show Robb is more like a kid on vacation who meets a hot chick.
4484	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	i would agree with your points here if it wasn't for the fact that TV show Talisa is sneaky and untrustworthy. Does ANYBODY trust this chick? to most people who watch the show Talisa has managed to maneuver her way not only into Robb's camp but into his tent as well.I personally see it the opposite.  Robb came across her randomly, as opposed to the Jeyne Westerling version where she maneuvered her way into taking care of him while he was bedridden.  He then came across Talisa randomly later as well, which makes the idea that she is a sneaky, untrustworthly plant seem quite a stretch.  At least to me.
4485	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	What the second series proved to me was how resistant the books are to adaptation after AGOT.
Robb is a pivotal character and perhaps the noblest and most tragic one of the series - but because he's not a POV we get to see next to nothing of him until the Red Wedding - so they had to make up a whole bunch of stuff to make us care about him before he gets offed.  
Marrying him off to some pert-bottomed pacifist from Volantis is indeed silly but still makes much more sense than 'By the way Robb bumped into and married some Lannister bannerman's daughter who you've never heard of and won't hear very much of - and oh look everyone's dead anyway '.
The House of the Undying and Dany's entire season arc was indeed botched but ACoK doesn't exactly give the writers much to work with. 
The treatment of Arya is harder to defend but it did give them a chance to bring Tywin in from offstage and justifies whatever they are paying the great Charles Dance (who otherwise would have been almost completely absent until the end of Blackwater). 
And no TV series can support the insane proliferation of characters that has reduced the books to a plodding travelogue where nothing happens for hundreds of pages (and I for one am hoping that Griff, Victarion and whatever the Dornish Prince was called are just completely excised when they get to the misbegotten mess that is ADWD) - so for instance collapsing a whole bunch of roles into Osha makes perfect sense.
Plus its all very well to moan about the lack of prophecy but unlike us the showrunners know how the books are supposed to end - and given George's past and present productivity rate if they don't finish the saga for us no one will. 
So maybe the whole Rhaegar+Lyanna=Jon thing is just a red herring, maybe Jon will stay dead because George can think of no way of getting him away from the Wall, maybe Fat Sam and Brienne are in fact the second and third heads of the dragon (they might as well be given the amount of space dedicated to their tedious travels) - the writers allegedly know this stuff and we don't  - and probably never will from the books unless the publishers somehow manage to impose a co-writer on George.
4486	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	I F***ing love that you're starburnsMy name is Alex!/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />while i understand your position, i think what you're failing to understand (at least from the perspective of fans who have a problem with this and other episodes) is that "we're" not upset about the scenes they've done, it's that "we're" upset over how they've altered those scenes. Yes many of those scenes were ones we saw in the books, but they have been changed drastically. Not just the 'feel' of these scenes, but dialogue and certain characters actions as well. Until it reaches a point where it no longer resembles the novels we readNo, I do understand that. Completely. A GOOD chunk of this season hasn't worked for me at all and above, I just posted about why I think the Robb/Talisa romance this year was absolutely terrible and didn't work at all. And I too didn't like how they did the House of the Undying.What I take issue with are what I see as the very much exaggerated claims that this is mainly an original story set in the ASoIaF world or as the thread title proclaims, this is no longer an adaptation. Yes, it's an adaptation. A mainly original story in the ASoIaF world would be a sitcom about two Lannister guards or a medical drama set at the Citadel in Oldtown. What this is is precisely adaptation. Alan Moore's kinda infamous for thinking that all adaptations are a mistake because works of art are designed for one medium and whatever you do taking it to another medium will lose what made the original so special in the first place. Now, I wouldn't go that far and there are some adaptations I very much enjoy, he kinda has a point. This will inevitably happen, especially in an long-running, ongoing adaptation like GoT. Things will fall through the gaps, spurious changes will be made against common sense, and the connection to the original work will diminish over time. But that doesn't mean it's not an adaptation! I'd say this is, sadly, very much an adaptation, as they have a reputation for doing exactly what Linda complains about in the opening post.
4487	FierceElite	2012-06-04	So my original point about sympathy of the TV audience still applies.  Do you think the TV audience would rather see Robb throw everything away because he "embraced" [BTW, good use of words for what really happened] a maiden in a time of weakness OR for a "love at first sight" type of romance with a selfless girl healing wounded soldiers in a war that she has no part in?If you understood Ned's honor, and the impact it had on his sons (primarily Jon and Robb), you'll understand why they make the decisions they make through the rest of the series. Robb made a mistake, and felt honor bound to correct it with the only way he knew how. TV-Robb just looks like a child who can't keep his promise, because he'd rather marry for what he perceives to be love. In our society, it's not a big deal to marry whomever you want. In Westeros, you promise to marry someone's daughter for them doing you a significant service, you don't just break that promise on a whim. Especially when breaking that promise has far reaching implications.More informative dialogue doesn't solve the problem of too much detail -- it exascerbates it.  Ros feeling up Varys is just context for the scene, and doesn't require detailed recall.  They deliberately omit some factual detail so as to not overburden viewers with trying to keep track of it all.  It's the exact same reason Eomer replaced Erkenbrand in the filmed versions of Lord of the Rings.  Yes, you could throw in a couple of lines mentioning Erkenbrand, and then have him show up at Helm's Deep.  But it is adding another character and more detail, which can result in the actual narrative getting lost.It's funny -- lots of people in these very forums criticized AFFC and ADWD for being too slow, or not progressing as they'd like.  I mean, that's the reality.  So I don't think it's beyond the realm of possibility that HBO's inherent need to condense some things might actually improve those parts of the story.So, what you're saying is....too little detail, and people will be confused. Too much detail, and people will be confused. I'd love to hear your proposal for how to fix this problem. Is there a sweet spot? The show sure hasn't found it.Sorry, maybe what I said to that guy was excessive. It just baffles me how much people hate on the last two books, because while Feast looks awfully small in the shadow of Storm, it still wasn't a bad book. Dance is the best book behind Storm, in my mind. Yet so many people hate on them for their pacing, as if every book can be Storm-level packed with action. You don't need to love them, everyone is welcome to their opinion, but it gets as old listening to people talk like the last two books don't even belong in this series as it does for show sympathizers to listen to the rest of us complain about the show.
4488	7V3N	2012-06-04	Really?  In the book HE was injured in battle, and she nursed him to health.  In the show, she is nursing his soldiers back to health.   OK, minor change, but keeping with the Young Wolf's image of power.  Then they fall in love, have sex, and get married.  Sure, they leave out the ridiculously minor point that Jeyne is a Lannister bannerman's son.  What am I missing here?  Robb still has a wife, who has some skill at healing, who is NOT a Frey, and he will pay for it.It changes things later, and why change it? Jeyne was fine, no need for Talisa. But it takes out the thing with Jaime later. And makes more sense of how Jeyne/Talisa's mom was also a Lannister spy (or at least she made sure Jeyne didn't have Robb's heir).
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 04 June 2012 - 01:36 PM.
4489	gogorath	2012-06-04	how could anyone have sympathy for robb for marrying talisa? sorry there is NOTHING sympathetic to Robb right now.And this where I realize that I have so little in common with most of you.  There is no sympathy for a man who falls in love?  Robb's story in the book is pretty unbelievable.  As I reader, I let it go, because, you know, the rest of the book is awesome.  But on closer inspection, having to actually see what Robb is thinking, the idea that dishonoring a noble woman is somehow a more compelling, interesting or more justifiable reason for his decision than being in love is odd to me. It's different (although Robb in the book isn't all that honorable -- he breaks a vow to get married as well), but I don't know why it makes him unsympathetic.  There's a million and one romances that involve people leaving others at the altar for their true love and no one finds those people unsympathetic.  The Bridges of Madison County was insanely popular and wasn't she just cheating on her husband?
4490	LordofWinter	2012-06-04	also, some friends of mine who don't read the novels were completely convinced that Stannis was dead after the Blackwater. Because they couldn't understand how it is he managed to get out of KL once the Tyrell/Lannister calvary arrived seeing as how he was fighting on the castle walls when they showed up. But apparently Stannis and three of his men managed to cut their way out of a city during a siege, unscathed. 
and don't get me wrong I LOVED TV STANNIS GOING OVER THE WALL but my logical side knew that it was bad writing because it would be impossible to explain his escaping with his life without being taken captive. and yet there he is, not a scratch on him talking to mel about visions in the flames.
4491	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	So, what you're saying is....too little detail, and people will be confused. Too much detail, and people will be confused.Exactly.  Finding the right level of detail is important, difficult, and bound to be controversial.I'd love to hear your proposal for how to fix this problem. Is there a sweet spot? The show sure hasn't found it.As I said, it's bound to be controversial.  I personally hink they've done a good job overall at that.  Certainly, I don't think you'll get many complaints from viewers (not readers) that the show "lacks details".
4492	sumpthy	2012-06-04	And this where I realize that I have so little in common with most of you.  There is no sympathy for a man who falls in love?  Robb's story in the book is pretty unbelievable.  As I reader, I let it go, because, you know, the rest of the book is awesome.  But on closer inspection, having to actually see what Robb is thinking, the idea that dishonoring a noble woman is somehow a more compelling, interesting or more justifiable reason for his decision than being in love is odd to me.It's different (although Robb in the book isn't all that honorable -- he breaks a vow to get married as well), but I don't know why it makes him unsympathetic.  There's a million and one romances that involve people leaving others at the altar for their true love and no one finds those people unsympathetic.  The Bridges of Madison County was insanely popular and wasn't she just cheating on her husband?A lot of people when discussing this story (ASoIaF in general, not just Robb) seem to work on Westeros morality for some strange reason. Like a lot of people believe Stannis should be King because he's the 'rightful' king, and equating honourable with good.
4493	Tenlaar	2012-06-04	I'd say that this complaint epitomizes for me the issues I have with many of the complaints about the adaptations.  My reading of Margaery in the books is more or less like the TV Margaery.  I think she is extremely ambitious, and she puts on a strong public face while playing the game extremely well.  I have little doubt that if we saw Margaery in those private moments -- which we do not -- that we would see this.I absolutey agree with your thoughts on who Margaery is - extremely ambitious, plays the game masterfully.  But, at least for me, what truly makes Margaery's playing so masterful is the fact that for a large portion of the story we have no idea of it.  She seems to be the same thing as many young women of noble families - a bargaining tool for political arrangements among the heads of powerful houses.  It is the fact that this seemingly innocent girl being passed from political arranged marriage to political arranged marriage turns out to be such a shrewd manipulator that puts her a step above many of the other players.  First you get no hint, then you start seeing little signs in her dealings with Tommen, and eventually the full force of who she really is comes out in her dealings with Cersei.What mystery there was to her character has been removed, replaced with brazen and wanton and openly lustful for power.
4494	FierceElite	2012-06-04	Exactly.  Finding the right level of detail is important, difficult, and bound to be controversial.As I said, it's bound to be controversial.  I personally hink they've done a good job overall at that.  Certainly, I don't think you'll get many complaints from viewers (not readers) that the show "lacks details".I watch with a handful of friends who haven't read the books. Why would they complain? They don't realize yet (or never will, at the rate that the show is removing relevant plot material) what details they're missing that would help them to understand characters and what's to come later. A number of times, one of them will ask, "Who is that again?" or "Why did he do that?" and I just shake my head, because the show (through lack of detail, not excess) didn't do a good job explaining the character or the event.
4495	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	In your opinion.  But he's a boy.  He fell in love.  I'd argue it was highly romantic and has made many viewers sympathetic to his actions.  It was certainly much better than, "Hey mom!  So, yeah...I got hurt and then had sex with my nurse and felt bad about it because she was a maid and everything so I went ahead and got married.  How's everything here?"when the ramifications of him getting married like he does in the show is that he will lose everything, his crown, his family, his new wife, his lords, his army and his life and everyone every step of the way has been warning him this was going to happen? Sorry makes no sense and Robb looks like a tool.Especially when he could have had his frey cake and eaten his Talisa pie.
4496	Ffiferoo	2012-06-04	And this where I realize that I have so little in common with most of you.  There is no sympathy for a man who falls in love?  Robb's story in the book is pretty unbelievable.  As I reader, I let it go, because, you know, the rest of the book is awesome.  But on closer inspection, having to actually see what Robb is thinking, the idea that dishonoring a noble woman is somehow a more compelling, interesting or more justifiable reason for his decision than being in love is odd to me.I think that the possibility of ruining Jeyne's life (by possibly fathering a bastard by her) was a very justifiable reason for Robb to marry her in the books, and quite characteristic of him, especially in light of his admiration for his father's sense of honor, but also knowing how much pain it caused Catelyn that Ned had fathered a bastard.  For me, I thought it was very understandable that, after a moment of weakness (from his wounds, as well as the news of Bran and Rickon's "deaths"), Robb went ahead and acted out of selfishness, and gained comfort from Jeyne.  However, in the aftermath, when he was able to mull over what had happened, he realized that he may have just impregnated a woman he is not married to.  For many characters, this wouldn't be a problem (and we see it happen quite often), but for Robb, who grew up seeing not only the kind of effect a bastard has had on his parents' lives, but also on Jon's life, he likely realized just how much of a problem it would have been for him to leave things as they were, especially considering that Jeyne came from a noble family.  He did what he felt was what he had to do, despite knowing that he was breaking the vow he had made to the Frey's, because the repercussions of the actions he had just taken were fresher in his mind, and much more real to him.  I think it was a much more complex way for it to have happened, and in-line with Robb's character, although it may not make more sense than him falling in love.
4497	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I do however agree that they screwed up Robb's and Catelyn's motivation completely by not showing their actions as prompted by the news of Theon's betrayal and Brandons and Rickon's murder, 
But I see this as being due to (admittedly self-created) time constraints. 
(There may also have been some production/cost constraints - Tulisa or whatever she's called could be slotted very easily into the camp and we-can't-show-you-a-battle-but-we-can-show-you-some-corpses-in-a-field-afterwards scenes, Jeyne Westerling would have required another bloody castle, a bunch of extra actors to play her family etc)  
Having dawdled slowly through the first half of the series they simply did not leave enough time for Robb and Catelyn to react as you'd expect them to and to put their marriage (remember Robb was not only heartbroken and prone to fall for anyone offering him sympathy-sex but no longer has an heir) and Jaime decisions in that context,
Seriously the decision to squeeze ACOK into 10 episodes was a serious mistake - 13 would have allowed some proper development.
4498	tearloch	2012-06-04	i would agree with your points here if it wasn't for the fact that TV show Talisa is sneaky and untrustworthy. Does ANYBODY trust this chick? to most people who watch the show Talisa has managed to maneuver her way not only into Robb's camp but into his tent as well. There have been multiple hints to there being a spy within Robb's camp and here he is chasing this mysterious girl who is openly 'working' with both sides. it's this that makes Robb's death less sympathetic. He fell in love with Jeyne during a trying time in his life, while suffering a vicious wound to the leg. TV show Robb is more like a kid on vacation who meets a hot chick.I haven't considered her sneaky or untrustworthy.  I haven't heard anyone else say that either [until now].  But if that is your concern, then wouldn't you say that Jeyne in the books did the exact same thing?  And atleast Jeyne had some possible motives to do it, other than just falling in love.  I mean for all we know, she could have been put up to it by Tywin himself, to bring down Robb without a fight.
4499	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Martin foreshadowed this perfectly in one of his interviews. TV even TV like HBO tends to run on formulas and quotas. They may not have been forced to add a romance but it is pretty much a staple of most genres and they probably wanted to resort to it anyway.  It's just the way the game is played. It may not have been necessary but it's just one of those things that's done.Also, finding out that Robb was married next season without any warning would really be wtf.Hm, I guess. I don't mind having an abridged series. I mind changes that make less sense when you stick to the rest of canon. And they've made very few of those compared to just cutting things out. But I might be a minority here.and GRRM makes it perfectly clear how he feels about that formula and I will remind you that 99% of pilots end up in the trash for this sort of formula.
4500	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I meant that they needed a love story to show why Robb does what he does...though it didn't necessarily need to be a love story, but they needed some background.  It was a comment in agreement with the idea that it makes more sense to develop Robb's story and reasons for his oath-breaking than to just have him show up one episode and say that he married his nurse b/c they had sex.  It means a lot for tv character development imo.You're right if they stuck with GRRMs story it would have taken courage, which I no doubt would have worked incredibly if they had tried-they have the actors for it, they have the original story for it, the only thing they lacked was the cajones to try it.and sorry we got no character development, we got ANOTHER cut out hero character.
4501	NW Deserter	2012-06-04	Seriously the decision to squeeze ACOK into 10 episodes was a serious mistake - 13 would have allowed some proper development.I tend to be a big defender of the show, but this I absolutely agree with. I'm particularly excited about the next two seasons because we're essentially going to get 20 episodes for one book instead of 10.
4502	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	"finding out that Robb was married next season without any warning would really be wtf."Is anyone actually saying this is the way to go?From what I can tell, it seems like most of us who dislike Robb/Talisa don't dislike the very idea that Robb having sex and then marrying the girl he had sex with is on-screen rather than off-screen (after all, TV is a visual medium, "show, don't tell," etc.), but that we dislike the execution of it and how vastly different the actual circumstances and romance are from the books.More than anyone else, it's the lack of grief about Bran and Rickon's deaths that drive me crazy (same with Cat freeing Jaime).
					
					
							Edited by Nagisa Furukawa, 04 June 2012 - 01:54 PM.
4503	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I watch with a handful of friends who haven't read the books. Why would they complain? They don't realize yet (or never will, at the rate that the show is removing relevant plot material) what details they're missing that would help them to understand characters and what's to come later.My point is that most viewers I know already think there is more than enough detail in general.  And while details on current characters right now may be important, an obvious place to reduce information overload is in cutting detail about what is going to happen much later.A number of times, one of them will ask, "Who is that again?" or "Why did he do that?" and I just shake my head, because the show (through lack of detail, not excess) didn't do a good job explaining the character or the event.In almost every case, that detail has been provided.  It's just that it gets lost in so much of the other detail.  I think the sheer mass of detail in this story is just a struggle to deal with no matter how you try to do it.  But I will say that I've enjoyed it, and that people who haven't read the books have really enjoyed it as well.  That leads me to believe the showrunners are getting a lot more right than they are wrong.  Especially since viewers are not fungible, and some are going to grasp things more quickly than others. It's quite the tightrope for the showrunners to walk.
4504	tearloch	2012-06-04	If you understood Ned's honor, and the impact it had on his sons (primarily Jon and Robb), you'll understand why they make the decisions they make through the rest of the series. Robb made a mistake, and felt honor bound to correct it with the only way he knew how. TV-Robb just looks like a child who can't keep his promise, because he'd rather marry for what he perceives to be love. In our society, it's not a big deal to marry whomever you want. In Westeros, you promise to marry someone's daughter for them doing you a significant service, you don't just break that promise on a whim. Especially when breaking that promise has far reaching implications. So we are back to the "You obviously don't understand....." comments.  I do understand Ned's honor.  But you are actually contradicting your point.  So Robb, being honorable like his father, marrys the maiden he bedded to avoid dishonoring her, but in the process, does a much larger dishonor by breaking his marriage vow to the Freys.  You can't argue that he did one thing for honor when it causes a creator dishonor to his family [and eventually costs him his life].  His father's best friend "dishonored" many women.  Even his own father had a bastard.  Its not like Jeyne was the daughter of one of his bannermen.  She would have been viewed as "spoils of war" in Westoros.  My point is that in the end, Robb does dishonor himself and his house by marrying someone other than the Frey girl.  My personnel belief [which is fairly obviously shared by D&D] is that Robb doing it for what he feels is true love is much more honorable than doing it to prevent disgracing the daughter of a defeated bannerman of his sworn enemy.
4505	Castel	2012-06-04	I think that the possibility of ruining Jeyne's life (by possibly fathering a bastard by her) was a very justifiable reason for Robb to marry her in the books, and quite characteristic of him, especially in light of his admiration for his father's sense of honor, but also knowing how much pain it caused Catelyn that Ned had fathered a bastard.No. It wasn't. Not at all considering just who the fuck they were fighting. This is the man that wiped out entire fucking families for daring to defy him, you think that the Westerlings are going to stand up to him? With what army? Their twelve knights?Seriously the decision to squeeze ACOK into 10 episodes was a serious mistake - 13 would have allowed some proper development. Except then we wouldn't have gotten things like the Blackwater battle and quality would decrease overall. See The Walking Dead, for a show where exactly this happened, and half the episodes for that season seemed to run on filler. Which lead to a general decrease in quality and making the show really bad imo.and GRRM makes it perfectly clear how he feels about that formula and I will remind you that 99% of pilots end up in the trash for this sort of formula. Well, there's a reason that GRRM is not a TV writer and he's also not in charge.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 June 2012 - 02:06 PM.
4506	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-06-04	I don't give a shit about it. I thought the House of the Undying was pretty cool, and wow, the throne room. A reference to the Winds of Winter and what's going to happen in that book? I didn't mind the changes at all. Oh, right, yeah, I wanted to see Rhaegar and Elia and something about 'His is the song of ice and fire', I really really did, but I think that will come up in Season 3 so I'm fine with it.
I actually loved the scene with Khal Drogo and Rhaego, it showed her what could have been; but then her dragons wouldn't have lived and she would probably never cross the Narrow Sea. It shows us that Dany chooses her destiny, her fate, her dragons. The ending of the HotU might have been pretty weak (I would rather see the whole House burned down, but we can't have everything, can we?), but I'm okay with it.
Really, I don't mind what changes they make; as long as the broader story remains the same.
4507	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	Margaery also seems to be a function of George not making her or any other Tyrrell a POV character and so leaving her flat and lifeless. 
But while a book can deal with a character basically being a cypher a TV show can't.
They need to fill another two seasons with constant returns to Kings Landing - but actually not that much happens there in ASOS until Joffrey's Wedding and Tyrion's Trial. 
And it seems obvious to me that they will do this by making Margaery a real rival to Cersei.  
So she just has to be a much stronger character.
The same may also apply to Robb's love interest - as they can't afford to show battles and marches they need some other source of conflict and drama within the Stark camp as well as a clearer rationale for Bolton's betrayal than the book gives us - so I suspect she going to become a far stronger player than a Jeyne Westerling could have been.
4508	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	My personnel belief [which is fairly obviously shared by D&D] is that Robb doing it for what he feels is true love is much more honorable than doing it to prevent disgracing the daughter of a defeated bannerman of his sworn enemy.I agree, and I think it's worth noting that he falls for her completely only after she tells him that she left home because she detests slavery and wants to help other people.  It was the best, most noble parts of her character that swayed him to fall for her -- it was like he knew that was exactly the type of person that embodied the virtues of his father.  He believed her to be a good, noble person who would make a good, noble queen.It's that additional element of her personality that makes it more than just a fling.
4509	tearloch	2012-06-04	I think that the possibility of ruining Jeyne's life (by possibly fathering a bastard by her) was a very justifiable reason for Robb to marry her in the books, and quite characteristic of him, especially in light of his admiration for his father's sense of honor, but also knowing how much pain it caused Catelyn that Ned had fathered a bastard. For me, I thought it was very understandable that, after a moment of weakness (from his wounds, as well as the news of Bran and Rickon's "deaths"), Robb went ahead and acted out of selfishness, and gained comfort from Jeyne. However, in the aftermath, when he was able to mull over what had happened, he realized that he may have just impregnated a woman he is not married to. For many characters, this wouldn't be a problem (and we see it happen quite often), but for Robb, who grew up seeing not only the kind of effect a bastard has had on his parents' lives, but also on Jon's life, he likely realized just how much of a problem it would have been for him to leave things as they were, especially considering that Jeyne came from a noble family. He did what he felt was what he had to do, despite knowing that he was breaking the vow he had made to the Frey's, because the repercussions of the actions he had just taken were fresher in his mind, and much more real to him. I think it was a much more complex way for it to have happened, and in-line with Robb's character, although it may not make more sense than him falling in love.Because Ned married Jon's mother?  Again, I think you guys are arguing out of sheer attachment to Jeyne (for reasons that I do not understand at all).  I mean Jeyne was MEANINGLESS in the grand scheme of the books, other than Robbs marriage to her destroyed him.  I don't get how this will be any different than the result of Robb marrying Talisa.  The end result is the same, but IMO, the Talisa story is much more believable to the audience than the Jeyne Westerling story.
4510	gogorath	2012-06-04	I think that the possibility of ruining Jeyne's life (by possibly fathering a bastard by her) was a very justifiable reason for Robb to marry her in the books, and quite characteristic of him, especially in light of his admiration for his father's sense of honor, but also knowing how much pain it caused Catelyn that Ned had fathered a bastard.  For me, I thought it was very understandable that, after a moment of weakness (from his wounds, as well as the news of Bran and Rickon's "deaths"), Robb went ahead and acted out of selfishness, and gained comfort from Jeyne.  However, in the aftermath, when he was able to mull over what had happened, he realized that he may have just impregnated a woman he is not married to.  For many characters, this wouldn't be a problem (and we see it happen quite often), but for Robb, who grew up seeing not only the kind of effect a bastard has had on his parents' lives, but also on Jon's life, he likely realized just how much of a problem it would have been for him to leave things as they were, especially considering that Jeyne came from a noble family.  He did what he felt was what he had to do, despite knowing that he was breaking the vow he had made to the Frey's, because the repercussions of the actions he had just taken were fresher in his mind, and much more real to him.  I think it was a much more complex way for it to have happened, and in-line with Robb's character, although it may not make more sense than him falling in love.Unbelievable may be strong.  I can't agree with the complex, though.  I think people like that better because it paints Robb as a noble martyr, not because it's more believable.  I just am more sympathetic to someone who knowingly pursued someone he loved than someone who slept with someone then married her. But either way, my original point is still there -- I can't really identify at all with a point of view that finds him wholly unsympathetic.  But I suppose I read and watch from a different point of view.
4511	Morvran	2012-06-04	You're right if they stuck with GRRMs story it would have taken courage, which I no doubt would have worked incredibly if they had tried-they have the actors for it, they have the original story for it, the only thing they lacked was the cajones to try it.and sorry we got no character development, we got ANOTHER cut out hero character.I simply disagree.  I never liked the way it unfolded in the books.  I would have understood a love story.  I didn't understand Robb's story.  And I don't agree regarding character development.  I think we get much more in the way of character development for Robb in the show's version
4512	Balintos	2012-06-04	And this where I realize that I have so little in common with most of you.  There is no sympathy for a man who falls in love?  Robb's story in the book is pretty unbelievable.  As I reader, I let it go, because, you know, the rest of the book is awesome.  But on closer inspection, having to actually see what Robb is thinking, the idea that dishonoring a noble woman is somehow a more compelling, interesting or more justifiable reason for his decision than being in love is odd to me.The story of the man who falls in love had been told a million times. Hundreds of books and movies are made about that every year. Robb's decision between honor and honor is much more interesting for me.It's different (although Robb in the book isn't all that honorable -- he breaks a vow to get married as well), but I don't know why it makes him unsympathetic.  There's a million and one romances that involve people leaving others at the altar for their true love and no one finds those people unsympathetic.  The Bridges of Madison County was insanely popular and wasn't she just cheating on her husband?I don't mind that a Frey girl won't be Robb's wife. I don't feel sorry for the Frey girl he would've chosen.  But he made himself a king (or at least he didn't protest against it) and to be a king he has to make sacrifices and his men have to make sacrifices. In the TV show Robb decides that he won't make the sacrifice.
4513	jblair	2012-06-04	The budget savings and extra 30+ total minutes the show has wasted on a certain random useless whore could have been spent elsewhere. With 30 minutes, we could have had some prophecy, an actual explanation of what happened at Winterfell (everyone I watched it with thought the Ironmen did it), a real HOTU, an Arya kill, and numerous other scenes. 
But I realize that with only a couple of major prostitute characters, half the show set in brothels, and every single noble-born woman disrobing as quickly as humanly possible, what we really needed was...another naked body to look at. Um. Yay?
4514	Trebla	2012-06-04	Not very long.  While the prophecies are enjoyable at the time, only the hard core fans understand them, and in the end, you lose the casual viewer.How may people watched Lost?  I watched very episode, and by the time the final season rolled around, I was utterly confused as to what the point is.  That kind of stuff works on small doses, but in a long running series, if you have to go back 3 seasons to understand what is going on now, you have lost the audience.Exactly. The last thing I want is this show is to turn into the X-Files/Twin Peaks/Lost/ or God forbid...The Killing. There is more than enough going on to confuse viewers.I've said before that I'm more concerned with how my friends and family view the series rather than how I view it as a book reader. I have my quibbiles. I really dislike the costumes. Don't care much for the actress playing Shae. I don't like the writing for Asha/Yara or for the Half-hand. On the other hand, I can understand why certail changes were made and I think most of them were done to streamline the plot.On the scenes in question, as i said on FB I liked that instead of seeing all those visions instead we see a snowy, broken Red Keep. It is a reminder to viewers of what may happen, especially taken with the last scenes with Sam. All of the visions and prophecy, how crucial are they at this moment in the series? Exactly how many of them will really matter in next season, or the season after that? For that matter, by the end of book FIVE how many of them have been crucual plot points? Wolf-head Robb? The little fellows feasting on the naked woman? Aerys and the burnt bones? Rhaegar, Elia and the Song of Ice and Fire? Other than Rhaegar and Elia the rest are all small plot points or foreshadowing. Rhaegar and Elia lead to A Song of Ice and Fire but we've already been introduced to a prophecy with Stannis and Melissandr There is not a single plot that can't be introduced in another way that will be fresher in our minds when they finally are relevant. The introduction of Lord Karstark is a good example.I agree with what FLoW was saying, the series is right where it should be on the major plot points. The non-book readers I know who watch the show LOVE it. As a fan of TV SHOWS, I also love it. I really am sorry many of you don't feel the same way.
4515	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	Castel: Except then we wouldn't have gotten things like the Blackwater battle and quality would decrease overall. See The Walking Dead, for a show where exactly this happened, and half the episodes for that season seemed to run on filler. Which lead to a general decrease in quality and making the show really bad imo.Except that The Walking Dead is based (loosely) on a comic and not a densely plotted 900 page (or whatever it is) book.....Are you really saying the writers would have been scratching their heads to find filler material when there is so much of the book that they didn't use?That is completely ridiculous.
4516	Hear me Meow	2012-06-04	Because Ned married Jon's mother?  Again, I think you guys are arguing out of sheer attachment to Jeyne (for reasons that I do not understand at all).  I mean Jeyne was MEANINGLESS in the grand scheme of the books, other than Robbs marriage to her destroyed him.  I don't get how this will be any different than the result of Robb marrying Talisa.  The end result is the same, but IMO, the Talisa story is much more believable to the audience than the Jeyne Westerling story.In the books Robb's mistake showed he was clearly his father's son but that he was also still a boy. Had Ned ever got himself into the same situation he wouldn't have behaved like Robb did. Nevertheless, book Robb justified his decision to himself as being a noble one, that ultimately was about someone else (i.e. Jeyne). The boy king has to fall through a boy's mistake. That was what was so good about the original story.Tv Robb is a selfish baby who is clearly unfit to be king and who I dearly look forward to seeing Roose Bolton murder. His motivations are just vile, he's going to do what he wants, because, well, he just does. Its entirely selfish. That's the gripe.And no, throwing your close allies the Freys away for love rather than honour is a lot less plausible for a pseudo-realistic medieval king.
4517	tearloch	2012-06-04	I simply disagree.  I never liked the way it unfolded in the books.  I would have understood a love story.  I didn't understand Robb's story.  And I don't agree regarding character development.  I think we get much more in the way of character development for Robb in the show's versionAnother point is the D&D know GRRM.  He works with them.  He gives them guidance.  Who is to say that D&D didn't ask GRRM about Robb and Jeyne, and he said "Yeah, I probably should have added in a love story.  I would have sold it better.  In the end, I just needed a vehicle to get the Freys to betray Robb."The ending point of this storyline is still the same.  Its not like the Westerlings play a major role in what happens leading up to the Red Wedding, or after it.   The name and family of the girl is meaningless.
4518	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	an actual explanation of what happened at Winterfell (everyone I watched it with thought the Ironmen did it),But so did almost everyone in Westeros.  A rather clever shift in perspective.
4519	tearloch	2012-06-04	The story of the man who falls in love had been told a million times. Hundreds of books and movies are made about that every year. Robb's decision between honor and honor is much more interesting for me. I don't mind that a Frey girl won't be Robb's wife. I don't feel sorry for the Frey girl he would've chosen. But he made himself a king (or at least he didn't protest against it) and to be a king he has to make sacrifices and his men have to make sacrifices. In the TV show Robb decides that he won't make the sacrifice.And as we all know, his kingdom doesn't last because of it.  Again, same ending point.  The story that D&D told in place of GRRMs version is just appealling to a wider audience, IMHO.
4520	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-06-04	How is this show becoming a joke? Explain that? It's far from it, there is a reason many people are calling it the best show on TV. Because the show is amazing, whether or not it sticks to the books 100% doesn't matter, what matters is that they give us a great show and that is EXACTLY what they're doing.I can understand passion for the source material, but this is going to far.Seriously? With all the negative comments, and serious nitpicks on this thread you chose my comment to harp on? /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />I LOVE the television series, and I do not consider the books to be a bible concerning the show, but the television series has lost the magic/spark shown in S1. It still makes for GREAT television, but I feel the television audience is being cheated out of an even better story. The first season lead me to the books, and the books gave me a greater appreciation for the first season, but the second season has been a bit of a disappointment. It seems to me that the series has been watered down to appease the masses. While I totally understand why this is unnecessary, it is still a bit upsetting. The books are far better than the television series, IMO! 'A Clash Of Kings' makes 'Game of Thrones' season 2 look like a joke...IMO, sorry. I simply wish for my non-reader friends to see that this series is more than a dark soap opera...where's the harm in that? I respect the writers of the show, and have even enjoyed a few of their changes/delays, but sometimes they go a little too far, IMO. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />Ros may actually have a purpose now as something other than boob-girl, which is kind of cool.I have always seen Ros as an important character in the television series. We discover a lot about the other characters through her. I feel that people are so focused on the sex, usually included in her scenes, that they miss the real point behind them. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />What I did have a problem with was the decision to even include the HoTU if you're going to cut the prophecies.  The entire point of the HoTU was the prophecies.  Removing the prophecies but leaving the HoTU gives us exactly what we got...a hokey and awkward scene that didn't drive the plot, didn't develop characterization, that didn't really have a point. Honestly, it just seemed like a fan service scene, without the service, like they got together and decided all the fans would be pissed if it wasnt included, but then removed the sole reason why the fans wanted it included.  It just seems like that time could have been better spent elsewhere.I was originally upset about THotU, but then I re-watched the episode as a show watcher instead of a book-reader, and it does add substance to Dany's story. She leaving that life behind, and moving forward...something she had not yet done. Also, we must look at the visions as new hints/clues that can be left open to interpretation. I'd like to thank you both for your really calm and reasonable defense of the HBO series.  Unlike what someone wrote above, rudeness and name-calling are not just part of the Internet, at least, not on these forums.  Though you both disagreed with the OP, you did so respectfully and stated your defense of the show.Anyway, thanks for showing the classless folks above how disagreement on Asoiaf.westeros.org is done.The reason I came to this forum was the ability of its members to have intelligent/courteous debates. I refused to post last night after my initial post was attacked by people that obviously didn't understand what I was trying to say. It was horrible! I'm so happy that the mods stepped in and corrected the issue. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Indeed. I thought season 1 was mostly spot on, but now? Cat's and Robb's characters have been gutted, Dany's storyline is just bewildering, Jon has lost his duty, Arya is a jolly happy assassin in training with no darkness to her character, Bronn is 100% hilarious and his lack of moral compass is not touched on, The Hound is one dimensional and most of his good lines ended up with Littlefinger, who in turn shows his hand to all and sundry. The backstory with Rhaegar and Lyanna is also totally lost.I feel Bronn's moral compass has been touched on at least twice, especially during his conversation with Tyrion regarding the killing of the bastards. The problems with The Hound were corrected for me during the 'Blackwater' episode. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> I think you mean "when they go cliche it will likely succeed". Exactly why True Blood is so successful. It's camp, mass appeal, lowest common denominator. I sometimes watch True Blood because I expect just that: completely mindless and soulless cheese, but season 1 of GoT was a good indication that we were supposed to expect something more from this show. It seems however, that season 1 was a fluke.The idea of this series being butchered like 'True Blood' scares the hell out of me. Some changes are necessary, but to throw the books aside, and create a new story is disrespectful. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> One aspect of the adaptation that I find unique and ironic is that the book readers are the ones who need to have a little patience. Usually, it's the non-book readers. Let this story play out. Let these writers finish what they started, then, cast judgement. People are going to drive themselves mad nitpicking every episode. I choose to view the adaptation as a whole. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Great advice. i would agree with your points here if it wasn't for the fact that TV show Talisa is sneaky and untrustworthy. Does ANYBODY trust this chick? to most people who watch the show Talisa has managed to maneuver her way not only into Robb's camp but into his tent as well. There have been multiple hints to there being a spy within Robb's camp and here he is chasing this mysterious girl who is openly 'working' with both sides. it's this that makes Robb's death less sympathetic. He fell in love with Jeyne during a trying time in his life, while suffering a vicious wound to the leg. TV show Robb is more like a kid on vacation who meets a hot chick.TV Robb also has series issues going on........just saying. It was easier to accept book Robb's choice given his honor, but I can also see how torn TV Robb has become. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
4521	Castel	2012-06-04	Unbelievable may be strong.  I can't agree with the complex, though.  I think people like that better because it paints Robb as a noble martyr, not because it's more believable.  I just am more sympathetic to someone who knowingly pursued someone he loved than someone who slept with someone then married her.But either way, my original point is still there -- I can't really identify at all with a point of view that finds him wholly unsympathetic.  But I suppose I read and watch from a different point of view.Except he did love her. Whether it'll last or it was hormones speaking the two of them were falling over each other. It's not that big a stretch that his whole "honor" shtick was a bullshit rationalisation. I mean from a purely logical standpoint, the honor of a member of a worthless Westerlands house is nothing compared to the  honor of the King and one of his most powerful bannermen.That said, the story as presented in the TV series will resonate more with modern viewers imo, since like I said there's less set up about honor and keeping one's word and we have heard less about how terrible the war is going and how irresponsible it is for Robb to do what he did. As it currently stands he's winning and he's king, so no one gives a shit. Honestly if Robb's marriage had ended like every other fantasy marriage, i.e., happily then I doubt there would have been as many complaints.It makes him a kinda worse person, but I doubt many would care, as modern audiences are conditioned to place difficult love above all else. It doesn't matter if the hero is being an irresponsible ass, we're supposed to root for him.Except that The Walking Dead is based (loosely) on a comic and not a densely plotted 900 page (or whatever it is) book.....Are you really saying the writers would have been scratching their heads to find filler material when there is so much of the book that they didn't use?That is completely ridiculous. I wasn't mentioning the filler, I was talking about the fact that they had to be stuck on a fucking farm for the majority of the season, and they didn't have to have a bank-busting finale like Blackwater (well, they kinda had something similar). They didn't have to deal with the crazy set expenses etc. Any money that went to those episodes would have been coming from the other ten.
4522	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I've said before that I'm more concerned with how my friends and family view the series rather than how I view it as a book reader. I have my quibbiles. I really dislike the costumes. Don't care much for the actress playing Shae. I don't like the writing for Asha/Yara or for the Half-hand. On the other hand, I can understand why certail changes were made and I think most of them were done to streamline the plot.On the scenes in question, as i said on FB I liked that instead of seeing all those visions instead we see a snowy, broken Red Keep. It is a reminder to viewers of what may happen, especially taken with the last scenes with Sam. All of the visions and prophecy, how crucial are they at this moment in the series? Exactly how many of them will really matter in next season, or the season after that? For that matter, by the end of book FIVE how many of them have been crucual plot points? Wolf-head Robb? The little fellows feasting on the naked woman? Aerys and the burnt bones? Rhaegar, Elia and the Song of Ice and Fire? Other than Rhaegar and Elia the rest are all small plot points or foreshadowing. Rhaegar and Elia lead to A Song of Ice and Fire but we've already been introduced to a prophecy with Stannis and Melissandr There is not a single plot that can't be introduced in another way that will be fresher in our minds when they finally are relevant. The introduction of Lord Karstark is a good example.The non-book readers I know who watch the show LOVE it. As a fan of TV SHOWS, I also love it. I really am sorry many of you don't feel the same way.Treb, you're exactly where I am on this.  I didn't like some of the changes to LOTR either.  Some seemed just stupid to me.  But I think it's important to remember that the books from which these adaptations were drawn were not perfect either.  So, at some point, you have to know there will be some things you don't like, some things that you think are just wrong, but ultimately, you judge it as a whole.  And as a whole, taken on its own terms, I think the TV series is fantastic.  I watch scenes like those between Arya and Tywin, or Tyrion's speech at the Blackwater, or Jaime and Brienne talking, and I'm just thrilled that there is so much they absolutely nailed.  I'm just hoping they can keep the ratings up to the point where the series gets finished, so, like you, I'm more concerned about how non-readers see it.  Because ultimately, the vast majority of us are going to keep watching anyway.
4523	Castel	2012-06-04	The idea of this series being butchered like 'True Blood' scares the hell out of me. Some changes are necessary, but to throw the books aside, and create a new story is disrespectful.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I think the real problem is ending up with True Blood's attitude towards characters. Turning them dark or grey on a whim, and expecting us to root for them because they're sexy- uh "good guys", removing any moral complexity for the sake of gotcha scenes like Jaime's or cliche romances like Robb's. Hopefully we don't end up with the same utterly disgusting protagonists that are never challenged in their evil, and when they are, it's completely brushed off a la Cat. Thankfully the source material is strong enough to prevent that.God just talking about that show makes me mad.
4524	Jory	2012-06-04	Well, at least they managed to piss off almost all the book fans. For the last nine episodes I've been complaining about Stannis' portrayal to a more or less empty room.
4525	gogorath	2012-06-04	The story of the man who falls in love had been told a million times. Hundreds of books and movies are made about that every year. Robb's decision between honor and honor is much more interesting for me.I don't mind that a Frey girl won't be Robb's wife. I don't feel sorry for the Frey girl he would've chosen.  But he made himself a king (or at least he didn't protest against it) and to be a king he has to make sacrifices and his men have to make sacrifices. In the TV show Robb decides that he won't make the sacrifice.I can see that.  I just can't understand the no sympathy line.  I get that in stuff like this (as opposed to their view of their own lives) people are horribly judgmental.  But the idea that there's no sympathy for a guy who chooses love seems silly to me.
4526	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	And this where I realize that I have so little in common with most of you.  There is no sympathy for a man who falls in love?  Robb's story in the book is pretty unbelievable.  As I reader, I let it go, because, you know, the rest of the book is awesome.  But on closer inspection, having to actually see what Robb is thinking, the idea that dishonoring a noble woman is somehow a more compelling, interesting or more justifiable reason for his decision than being in love is odd to me.It's different (although Robb in the book isn't all that honorable -- he breaks a vow to get married as well), but I don't know why it makes him unsympathetic.  There's a million and one romances that involve people leaving others at the altar for their true love and no one finds those people unsympathetic.  The Bridges of Madison County was insanely popular and wasn't she just cheating on her husband?Well I wont go so far as to say your perception of GRRms work is wrong or misconceived (each individual interpretation has its own merits), but from my perspective GRRM goes to endless effort to detail a world where Honor and Duty outweigh our modern notion of love, in fact the few examples of where this romantic love it appears to have occurrd in spite of an not because of the societal roles.  It is EXTREMELY unlikely that a King in GRRMs world would forsake his vows for a commoner or a noble lady.  GRRM presents Robbs falling BECAUSE if fits in with the world he has created.  TV Robbs actions are simply not consistent with the world GRRM has created.  For the following reasonsa. A King can essentially have any number of women they want, in fact paramours are common.b. Romantic love as presented in the show did not occur in the books, I can think of no romantic relationship between nobles that was romance base and not politically motivated.Again, Robbs romantic pursuits simply do NOT fit in the world GRRM has created.  (and that leaves aside the actions of a single woman wandering around camps, speaking to nobles the way she does, etc).  They are in fact an anachronism.  Robb sleeping with a noble maid in an act of grief is completely consistent with the world that GRRM created-where marriages are arranged, where Honor and Duty is everything, where romance simply doesnt exist for nobles.  His screwed up sense of honor to Jeyne fits perfectly with that world as well. The romantic story presented by D&D is bad enouch on its anachronistic face, but is far worse because it DRASTICALLY changes the characters and their interactions. From the books the RW is a tragedy, almost a classic tragedy where the hero is undone by one tragic mistake.  In retrospect you can watch the slow inexorable slide to him getting shot with quarrels.the TV show has set up Robb to be anything but sympathetic, because he is on screen doing something stupid against the advice of other sympathetic and wise characters.  That is not a tragic flaw, that is stupidity.  Thus making the RW less a tragedy and more a deserved punishment.
4527	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	Tv Robb is a selfish baby who is clearly unfit to be king and who I dearly look forward to seeing Roose Bolton murder. His motivations are just vile, he's going to do what he wants, because, well, he just does. Its entirely selfish. That's the gripe.Ain't that a bit harsh? The point at which Robb falls for her is when she is telling this story of how a slave saved her life, so she ended up being unable to abide slavery, and wanted to devote her life to taking care of other people rather than living the pampered life of a Volantian noble.  She basically confesses all these noble character traits to him --traits that are more advanced and generally out of character even for most Westerosi -- and that's what ends up breaking down his defenses.  She got him by appealing to his belief in virtue and true nobiilty.Robb's flaw is that he's too idealistic.  He thinks her noble sentiments and virtue trump the virtues of an arranged, political marriage.  It's immature, but it is hardly a vile motivation.  He sees in her more of what he thinks is needed in Westeros.
4528	FierceElite	2012-06-04	And as we all know, his kingdom doesn't last because of it.  Again, same ending point.  The story that D&D told in place of GRRMs version is just appealling to a wider audience, IMHO.Except there will never be a fair way of knowing whether or not the actual story would have gone over great with the wider audience, as imho, it would.Well, at least they managed to piss off almost all the book fans. For the last nine episodes I've been complaining about Stannis' portrayal to a more or less empty room.You wouldn't think so from reading this thread. Seems like most of these people think the show is better than the books.
4529	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I wasn't mentioning the filler, I was talking about the fact that they had to be stuck on a fucking farm for the majority of the season, and they didn't have to have a bank-busting finale like Blackwater (well, they kinda had something similar). They didn't have to deal with the crazy set expenses etc. Any money that went to those episodes would have been coming from the other ten.I actually agree 100% on the Walking Dead S2 (and so it appears did Frank Darabont who left the show rather than have it ruined). But the resources given to a show like AGOT are subject to negotiation - 13 episodes would have been possible and as they had the actors and the sets anyway it could have been stretched a lot further - and who knows how many scenes which could have answered some valid criticisms ended up being cut.And in general I am defending the show - as those of us who are not besotted fanboys know the books do completely lose their way after ASOS (quite literally as characters do nothing and get nowhere for chapter after chapter) and will never be finished anyway - so I am on the whole pleased that they are rewriting it as they go along.Because if they did follow the books as slavishly as Linda seems to be demanding in the OP then the show would be doomed as soon as it hits AFFC/ADWD as no one would would want to watch Brienne wandering around aimlessly and Tyrion eating, playing cevasse and pissing off the side of a boat for 20 episodes.....
4530	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	Well, at least they managed to piss off almost all the book fans. For the last nine episodes I've been complaining about Stannis' portrayal to a more or less empty room.You're dead on, though. Stannis owns the page whenever he appears in the book, but he's strangely flat in the series.
4531	DragonAge93	2012-06-04	I think you are going a little too overboard here. I love the books through and through, but I understand some things in those books are hard to translate to a screen, even a movie with a big budget couldn't handle something like the HotU. Why show Rhaegar and such when the audience would have NO idea who he was or what they were referring to? In the books, you have unlimited freedom where you can get inside a character and explain things like this. In a show, you can't get inside a character's head unless you do it in a very cliche sort of way.
Some things were changed, but we are still up to where ASoS begins, basically. All the plots, like Jon's, that were changed, eventually led up to where it ended in ACoK: killing Qhorin, and now going to see Mance. Dany: albeit a very different journey in Qarth, she nonetheless visited the HotU like in the book (again, under different circumstances), but now she's out and is getting a ship, where she'll no doubt meet Barristan/Arstan and Strong Belwas and her ASoS story will pick up. Arya: she has escaped Harrenhal and is on her way to her mother and brother, and might be heading to Riverrun like in the book, since we are getting it next season. She'll run in to the Brotherhood Without Banners and her story will continue.
And with the WW attack on the Fist of the First Men, just like in the books, although Sam may be cowering behind a rock, who cares? We're still (most likely) gonna be getting an awesome battle on the Fist, like in the novel, and Sam will most likely use the dragonglass to kill a WW.
It sounds like you are ultimately giving up on the show just because it deviated from the books, which was necessary, due to budget, time, and the non-book audience, who they have to cater to just as much as us book readers. You gotta admit, though, that it is still the BEST thing on television, and the only thing really of its kind. I think you should treat them as two separate things now. The books are the books, the show is the show. It's an ADAPTION. LOTR was in no way a faithful adaption to its source material, and yet most of its hardcore fans accept that and love those movies for what they are. ASOIAF has, and probably never will be again, adapted before, and you have to applaud Benioff and Weiss for tackling such a huge, complex world, more complex than Tolkien's world, and Peter Jackson adapting that. If you thought this series would be an exact word-for-word, scene-to-scene adaption, then you honestly need to look deeper into adaptions and what not. Just my two cents.
4532	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I simply disagree.  I never liked the way it unfolded in the books.  I would have understood a love story.  I didn't understand Robb's story.  And I don't agree regarding character development.  I think we get much more in the way of character development for Robb in the show's versionI disagree, in fact I would argue that having a love story that encompasses the pursuit of a romantic love (ie Robbs story) is an anethema to GRRMs work.
4533	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	In the books Robb's mistake showed he was clearly his father's son but that he was also still a boy. Had Ned ever got himself into the same situation he wouldn't have behaved like Robb did. Nevertheless, book Robb justified his decision to himself as being a noble one, that ultimately was about someone else (i.e. Jeyne). The boy king has to fall through a boy's mistake. That was what was so good about the original story.Tv Robb is a selfish baby who is clearly unfit to be king and who I dearly look forward to seeing Roose Bolton murder. His motivations are just vile, he's going to do what he wants, because, well, he just does. Its entirely selfish. That's the gripe.And no, throwing your close allies the Freys away for love rather than honour is a lot less plausible for a pseudo-realistic medieval king.I could see a Joffrey doing what Robb did, well then again Joffrey had Cersei to listen to.
4534	jblair	2012-06-04	A lot of people when discussing this story (ASoIaF in general, not just Robb) seem to work on Westeros morality for some strange reason. I completely agree with you. All Westeros needs to do is hold free open elections for a representative democracy, institute social programs to help the needy save food for Winter, build schools not castles, and only use magic to make everything beautiful.Duh, it's so obvious. I can't believe they haven't done it already.
4535	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	I cannot like this enough, because it completely backs up what I have heard from viewers who are not readers as well.  Lots of people really, really like it, but a lot of them are pretty confused too.  My neighbor (who has never read a fantasy book in his life) was asking me to clarify a bunch of stuff a week ago.  Like -- is Stannis Ned's brother, and is that Melisandre his wife, and where exactly are all these things happening, anyway?  I gave him a book with a map and cleared up the other things.Your neighbour is slow.Oh, I love the Robb romance beef.  Lets try to remember something....was their a single POV with Robb when he meets, beds, and marries his wife?  Did we see it in the book?  No, Robb just shows up one day with a wife, and we, as readers, accepted it BECAUSE we understand how GRRM laid out the books, through independent POVs, meaning us, the readers, often learn about MAJOR events in dialogue after the fact.  This is one of those cases that if Robb suddenly shows up with a new wive after promising to marry a Frey, the TV audience (non-book readers) would be upset and look down up Robb for it.  By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause.  Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it.  So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact.The way the "romance" has been presented doesn't make Robb sympathetic though. It makes him a randy, selfish little asshole who has clearly learned nothing from the father he seemingly revered.The writers have, for some reason, decided that we need to empathise with Robb (which is of course impossible for the most part, because we don't live in a feudal society where our brides and grooms are chosen for us, or where a 17 (in the show) year old must control an army and have the weight of thousands of men's lives on his shoulders), which is stupid. They stripped him of his grief for his brothers and instead it became "waaaaaaaah I don't want to marry the Frey girl, your first year politics theories are really hawt, let's bang".
4536	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	the TV show has set up Robb to be anything but sympathetic, because he is on screen doing something stupid against the advice of other sympathetic and wise characters.Who?  Catelyn?  The one who jump-started the whole chain of events by kidnapping Tyrion?  The one who released Jaime Lannister without authority, based on nothing more than a purely emotional hope that it would somehow result in Tywin releasing Arya and Sansa out of the goodness of Tywin Lannister's heart.  That "wise" character is the one to whom he should have listened?Robb was wrong to do what he did, but you're overstating your case.
4537	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	If I had a nickel for every time somebody made a "GRRM doesn't do X" comment I'd be a rich man.If GRRM doesn't write stories like that it's because he can't - And probably why his marriage ended in divorce.no apparently he doesnt write them that way because they are hackneyed, cliched, stereotypes that have been done a billion times before, anachronisms to the world he creates and inconsistent with the rest of his story.Someone has yet to explain to me why a woman wondering alone without a particular association (ie Silent Sisters) around a camp of military men is not being raped.
4538	Castel	2012-06-04	I actually agree 100% on the Walking Dead S2 (and so it appears did Frank Darabont who left the show rather than have it ruined).But the resources given to a show like AGOT are subject to negotiation - 13 episodes would have been possible and as they had the actors and the sets anyway it could have been stretched a lot further - and who knows how many scenes which could have answered some valid criticisms ended up being cut.Well, the problem is that the larger the costs the better GoT has to do. It does coast by because it's doing ridiculously well and is also generating a lot of buzz, but the HBO bean counters also need to put a figure on it, and they did, it was actually up from the first season. But with the success of the current season perhaps we'll get a much bigger budget.Also, didn't someone say that the time management was also an issue? the producers couldn't guarantee the quality if their workload went beyond 10 episodes.Ain't that a bit harsh? The point at which Robb falls for her is when she is telling this story of how a slave saved her life, so she ended up being unable to abide slavery, and wanted to devote her life to taking care of other people rather than living the pampered life of a Volantian noble. She basically confesses all these noble character traits to him --traits that are more advanced and generally out of character even for most Westerosi -- and that's what ends up breaking down his defenses. She got him by appealing to his belief in virtue and true nobiilty.Robb's flaw is that he's too idealistic. He thinks her noble sentiments and virtue trump the virtues of an arranged, political marriage. It's immature, but it is hardly a vile motivation. He sees in her more of what he thinks is needed in Westeros. I don't understand why exactly Talisa's character is relevant. He could have taken her as a paramour, he could have kept her around. He chose the path that fulfilled his selfish desires of the moment like a fucking child. He put his little love ahead of the war effort, and I think that it was clearly stated in the series that Walder Frey gave him men so he risked those. He broke his word to a man that had sent his men to die with him. All because he, Robb Stark, wanted to get his dick wet. I find the idea that this is okay because he was in love vile in and of itself.
4539	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	NT
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 03:32 PM.
4540	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Who?  Catelyn?  The one who jump-started the whole chain of events by kidnapping Tyrion?  The one who released Jaime Lannister without authority, based on nothing more than a purely emotional hope that it would somehow result in Tywin releasing Arya and Sansa out of the goodness of Tywin Lannister's heart.  That "wise" character is the one to whom he should have listened?Robb was wrong to do what he did, but you're overstating your case.you seem to forget she had a reason for seizing Tyrion as she was told he had tried to kill her son.  And Cat has been the consistent voice of the correct path for Robb that he has regularly ignored to his own detriment (theon being the clearest example of this).BTW Robb has also ignored Bolton's advice as well and thus presumably other of his lords.
4541	Kevin79	2012-06-04	I was pretty pleased with it. I mean, at the same time I am very disappointed that we didn't get any prophecy stuff from the HOTD, but overall the episode was good and people are still in the same spot as they were at the end of Clash. The one thing I feel they should've done differently though, is the sack of winterfell. I absolutely loved how Theon's death was kind of implied, but not fully in the book. In the show, no one will think they have seen the last of Theon. I'd have rather had it cut before any fighting starts and just have Bran and Rickon come up to see the devestation after, leaving Theon's fate up in the air. Or at LEAST have Luwin mention the Bastard of Bolton. I feel like if he had seen them burn down the castle that he'd warn the kids about going east!
Everything else was fine. And we got Tywin's horse shit.
4542	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-06-04	I'm just glad I'm not alone. So many posters have taken pains to marginalize we who have gotten fed up with the nonchalant, unnecessary uprooting of every important aspect of plot. We're angry, and we have a right to be.
As I said before--and I stand by this--it's lamentable.
4543	Castel	2012-06-04	you seem to forget she had a reason for seizing Tyrion as she was told he had tried to kill her son.  And Cat has been the consistent voice of the correct path for Robb that he has regularly ignored to his own detriment (theon being the clearest example of this).BTW Robb has also ignored Bolton's advice as well and thus presumably other of his lords.The problem is that Cat pretty much stops giving rational advice and turns into a mute when it suits Robb. She does speak out, but never with enough conviction or sharpness to make anything more than a weak protest.
4544	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I disagree, in fact I would argue that having a love story that encompasses the pursuit of a romantic love (ie Robbs story) is an anethema to GRRMs work.Although I also don't think a modern feminist progressive chick has any role in GRRM's Westeros, TV Westeros can only be a simplified and vulgarised version. TV viewers who are not Goth/Emo dark fantasy nerds need at least some characters to identify with - so Tyrion and Arya do have to be lighter (although how they handle Shae's betrayal will be fascinating...), Robb's catastrophic misjudgement does have to be given a romantic rationale and so on.Rather than kvetching we should be pleased that one way or another we may get the resolution of the series that left to himself George will probably never be able to satsfactorily deliver,
4545	jblair	2012-06-04	no apparently he doesnt write them that way because they are hackneyed, cliched, stereotypes that have been done a billion times before, anachronisms to the world he creates and inconsistent with the rest of his story.Someone has yet to explain to me why a woman wondering alone without a particular association (ie Silent Sisters) around a camp of military men is not being raped.Because none of them have ever before run into a gorgeous 21st-century women's studies major who spends her summers interning with Amnesty International. Their bafflement over this strange creature from the future is killing their lust.edit: Also, I was unaware that the assumed prohibition against Kings/Lords marrying commoners apparently doesn't count when the girl is hot and foreign.
					
					
							Edited by jblair, 04 June 2012 - 03:18 PM.
4546	Lord Martin	2012-06-04	I've read the books twice, they are probably some of the best I've ever read.  The story line is interesting. But what I enjoy most about the books are its philosophical parts.  And for that reason I don't think the omissions cited in the OP are fatal to the story.  A Game of Thrones isn't about "who are Jon Snow's parents" or " what do prophesies mean?"  Those are interesting asides from a storyboard perspective, but they are not central to the lessons we glean from the books.
A Song of Ice and Fire is really about people, society and humanity.  Its about the grey nature of all of those things and how they respond in certain situations.  In that respect, IMO the show has done a wonderful job of being true to GRRM's opus.  
And remember, GRRM has signed off on all changes, so I'm not really going to question them.
4547	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I don't understand why exactly Talisa's character is relevant.Because it demonstrates a noble basis for the attraction.  She's the type of person Joffrey would have ridiculed.He could have taken her as a paramour, he could have kept her around.Starks don't do paramours.He chose the path that fulfilled his selfish desires of the moment like a fucking child. He put his little love ahead of the war effort, and I think that it was clearly stated in the series that Walder Frey gave him men so he risked those. He broke his word to a man that had sent his men to die with him. All because he, Robb Stark, wanted to get his dick wet. I find the idea that this is okay because he was in love vile in and of itself.Nobody is saying it is "okay".  Robb clearly screwed up.  But he got his dick wet with Jeyne Westerling too, and she's never presented as having any depth at all.  He just said that he's fallen in love with her and wants to marry her. I can understand being pissed at Robb Stark for marrying anyone, and breaking his vow to the Freys.  But all your criticisms apply equally or more so to his marriage to Jeyne Westerling.  After all, he married her precisely because he got his dick wet.
4548	Reposado	2012-06-04	I'm just glad I'm not alone. So many posters have taken pains to marginalize we who have gotten fed up with the nonchalant, unnecessary uprooting of every important aspect of plot. We're angry, and we have a right to be.more than that, they defend every aspect of the show. they rationalize every mistake like skip bayless.yknow, i don't care how much they change, as long as its good. I maintain that they should have daeny land in westeros in season 2. change is fine, as long as they work for the show. too many of the changes this year didn't work in the show. which is more frustrating for readers because we can see that the right path to take with this plot was in front of them.If I had a magic wand and could control some of the stuff they put in the show, of course I'd make changes (like eradicating Ros as a main character). If I'd never read the books, I'd be absolutely loving the show and couldn't wait for next season. Having read the books, I still love the show and can't wait for next season.I think it's the opposite. Because I love the books, I'm way more forgiving. I'm giddy about certain scenes being reenacted. As opposed to shows like Walking Dead or The Killing. The bad parts of those shows drove me to criticize endlessly or to walk away entirely. If i had not read ASOIAF, I would like GOT a lot less.And remember, GRRM has signed off on all changes, so I'm not really going to question them.this is not true. he does not have a veto. He consults and writes one episode per season and is handsomely paid. But they can do whatever they wantBecause none of them have ever before run into a gorgeous 21st-century women's studies major who spends her summers interning with Amnesty International. Their bafflement over this strange creature from the future is killing their lust.potential rapers might have also gotten a view of her profile and quickly changed their minds
					
					
							Edited by Lanza Rota, 04 June 2012 - 03:26 PM.
4549	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I'm just glad I'm not alone. So many posters have taken pains to marginalize we who have gotten fed up with the nonchalant, unnecessary uprooting of every important aspect of plot. We're angry, and we have a right to be.As I said before--and I stand by this--it's lamentable.We need a good name for them (they call us purists), I would say apologists!  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
4550	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	you seem to forget she had a reason for seizing Tyrion as she was told he had tried to kill her son. I know she had a reason for seizing him.  She just didn't have the authority to seize him, nor did her husband -- in what she knew was a precarious, dangerous position in Kings Landing -- have any warning that she was going to do so.  That's why it was bad judgment.  On top of all the horrible political repercussions, that decision almost resulted in her, Ser Rodrik, and Tyrion getting slaughtered by the mountain clans as well.  It was stupid.  I understand why she did it, and have sympathy for her, but it was still anything but a wise decision.BTW Robb has also ignored Bolton's advice as well and thus presumably other of his lords.So Roose Bolton fits the definition of a sympathetic and wise character??
4551	The Second Hand	2012-06-04	My hope is, with twenty episodes for season three, they bring in a writer or two of high quality. At least let Cogman write more episodes. He wrote a wonderful adaptation (in script form) of the Hedge Knight that I quite adored. He loves the world and understands it.
4552	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Because none of them have ever before run into a gorgeous 21st-century women's studies major who spends her summers interning with Amnesty International. Their bafflement over this strange creature from the future is killing their lust.edit: Also, I was unaware that the assumed prohibition against Kings/Lords marrying commoners apparently doesn't count when the girl is hot and foreign.i just presume there is some rule that covers that.  Seeing Talisa/Oona I heartedly agree
4553	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I know she had a reason for seizing him.  She just didn't have the authority to seize him, nor did her husband -- in what she knew was a precarious, dangerous position in Kings Landing -- have any warning that she was going to do so.  That's why it was bad judgment.  On top of all the horrible political repercussions, that decision almost resulted in her, Ser Rodrik, and Tyrion getting slaughtered by the mountain clans as well.  It was stupid.  I understand why she did it, and have sympathy for her, but it was still anything but a wise decision.So Roose Bolton fits the definition of a sympathetic and wise character??darn accidentally liked your post!   /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />)actually Ned retroactively authorized it when he said she was acting on his behalf.It would have been wiser for her to allow the person she thinks tried to kill her kid to get away?  Smacks of cowardice IMO.a. we dont know when Roose decided to betray Robb, nor why, nor does that eliminate the wisdom of his advice
4554	teemo	2012-06-04	That's 100% exactly how I feel.  The writers, HBO....everyone involved has completely disrespected this series to the point of no return.  I decided that whether or not I bought this season was dependent on this last episode.  I enjoyed a couple of the earlier episodes, Blackwater was great (I wonder why), but it ultimately came down to how they handled the finale, particularly the pivotal House of the Undying....which really doesn't even have that much to do with Dany, and especially has nothing to do with Drogo.  That was really cheap.  When I saw it, I could see fangirls everywhere screaming about how happy they were to see them together.  Cheesy, lazy, cheap is how I described that scene.  I am really embarrassed because I bragged so much about these books to my friends and raved about the first season, and now the person I watch it with hates it...doesn't get it, thinks it's a medieval soap opera (I don't blame him anymore) and all they do is have "two people in a room talking to each other."  The writers think they are better writers and more clever than GRRM.  Period.  I understand changes for budget constraints, but don't tell me that they completely destroyed the House of the Undying story due to budget constraints.  Come on.And remember, GRRM has signed off on all changes, so I'm not really going to question them.Sorry, but this isn't correct.  GRRM doesn't sign off on ANYTHING.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 04 June 2012 - 03:29 PM.
4555	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I've read the books twice, they are probably some of the best I've ever read.  The story line is interesting. But what I enjoy most about the books are its philosophical parts.  And for that reason I don't think the omissions cited in the OP are fatal to the story.  A Game of Thrones isn't about "who are Jon Snow's parents" or " what do prophesies mean?"  Those are interesting asides from a storyboard perspective, but they are not central to the lessons we glean from the books.A Song of Ice and Fire is really about people, society and humanity.  Its about the grey nature of all of those things and how they respond in certain situations.  In that respect, IMO the show has done a wonderful job of being true to GRRM's opus.  And remember, GRRM has signed off on all changes, so I'm not really going to question them.um I dont believe GRRM has signed of on anything.  He sold the rights to his work and is permitted to write one episode per season, that is the limit on his involvement.
4556	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I'm just glad I'm not alone. So many posters have taken pains to marginalize we who have gotten fed up with the nonchalant, unnecessary uprooting of every important aspect of plot. We're angry, and we have a right to be.Uh, no.  Every important aspect of plot has not been uprooted, and this is really the source of most disagreement.  Nobody here, I think, claims that the TV series is perfect.  Everyone can pick out some flaws or things they should have done better or differently.  Though opinions on that do vary. The objection is to the hyperbole, the sky is falling rhetoric that the show is a disaster because the House of the Undying was changed.  So when you claim that "every important aspect of plot" has been uprooted -- as if Bran wasn't thrown out a window, Jon doesn't join the NW, Ned wasn't killed, Joffrey isn't a product of incest, Arya isn't on the run, Stannis didn't try the Blackwater, Tyrion didn't spend time in a sky cell and rally the mountain clans, Tywin didn't break the siege of Kings Landing, Joffrey isn't an utter puke, Danys doesn't have three dragons, etc. etc. etc., people roll their metaphorical eyes and call such complaints overwrought.  Justifiably so, IMHO.
4557	Clueless Northman	2012-06-04	The discussion isn't about House of Undying or the whole adaptation anymore, so I will delay any comment on this for a further post.
About Robb and the weird changes wit Talisa, there's something to take into account. Something non-readers, or post-season-1 readers should take into account:
The Red Wedding is a massively traumatic event for most readers. People stopped reading the books for days after it. People actually stopped reading the series, for real and for good. People actually broke things, because they were so upset.
It is the (seemingly definitive) death of the main partly-decent faction we really know in the series.
There's basically something like 98% of all readers who wish a long and painful death on all the scum that took part in it. They want the Boltons to die. They want the Freys to die - and by "the Freys", many readers mean the whole of Walder Frey's offspring, to the last one.
If we learny that the Westerlings took an active part in this, most readers will eventually want to see Jeyne's parents dead.
The only reason people don't want to see Jeyne die is because we assume (with good reasons apparently) that she was an unwilling pawn in Tywin's and Roose's game. Heck, she probably didn't know Robb was engaged when they had sex; odds are, she didn't even know when she wed him.
Now, do you see it?
People are massively upset about the Red Wedding and wish things would go otherwise. They keep reading the books, wishing Robb won't fall for Jeyne. They even watch the series and are tearful when they see Robb infatuated with Talisa, not because they don't want to see him wedding for love, but because they fully know what's coming because of this.
The real reason why people are upset about the change is because this would mean that we should now also wish Talisa a painful death - because she's fully aware that Robb is already betrothed to a key bannerman, a powerful one, and she knows very well that you just don't break such oaths lightly. There's simply no way that a decent girl of noble birth who actually loves Robb would agree to have him commit such a risky move, tantamount to betrayal to the Freys - please note that Talisa is obviously far smarter and knowledgeable of high politics than Jeyne Westerling.
One of the last thing people want is for Robb's wife to be such a tool,  a fool, a selfish girl, or a real pawn of Robb's enemies, because they would have to hate her too, just like they hare the plotters of the Red Wedding - even if it's to a lesser extent.
Besides, the way it's been done is annoying for Robb, because he also appears a bit of an idiot, being told several times it would be a very bad idea - even before he beds Talisa -, while in the book, all this happens while he's alone, wounded, vulnerable, far from his mother.
4558	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	darn accidentally liked your post!   /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />)actually Ned retroactively authorized it when he said she was acting on his behalf.Of course he did -- else his wife would have been guilty of a breach of the peace.  As a matter of fact, he actually lied and said she did it on his orders, which was untrue.  He really didn't have much of a choice after she did it.It would have been wiser for her to allow the person she thinks tried to kill her kid to get away?  Smacks of cowardice IMO.Yes, it would have been much, much wiser.  Or do you think the way things turned out was peachy-keen?
4559	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I think what HBO is doing is disrespectfulYou CAN NOT just ignore important moments in character development like thatIt's one thing to ADAPT or make small changes, but that's not what happening hereSeriously have you never watched any other film or TV series based on a book you know well?It is virtually unknown for producers and writers to follow closely their source material - and when they do as in for instance the case of Oliver Stone's film Alexander or both the David Lynch and TV adaptations of Dune the results are usually terrible.Even the LotR films - which to my mind set the standard for the genre - take some big liberties with both plot and characterisation.TV series are not works of art - they are commodities designed to enrich the production company shareholders by garnering the maximum possible audience.When you grow up and accept that you might be able to channel your sense of grievance into issues that actually matter.
4560	Castel	2012-06-04	Because it demonstrates a noble basis for the attraction.  She's the type of person Joffrey would have ridiculed.Okay. Robb has a nice set of standards when it comes to the people he's willing to sleep with.Starks don't do paramours.They apparently don't do broken vows either, oh, wait... Lesser evils and all that.Nobody is saying it is "okay".  Robb clearly screwed up.  But he got his dick wet with Jeyne Westerling too, and she's never presented as having any depth at all.  He just said that he's fallen in love with her and wants to marry her.I can understand being pissed at Robb Stark for marrying anyone, and breaking his vow to the Freys.  But all your criticisms apply equally or more so to his marriage to Jeyne Westerling.  After all, he married her precisely because he got his dick wet.Yeah... I feel like I've missed some part of the argument. You were arguing that it was harsh to say that Robb was acting like a baby by putting Talisa ahead of the war effort. I responded by pointing out that it was exactly fair. He in fact, married someone he didn't have to marry because he purely wanted to.  It was a completely fucking selfish and vile action.Is his marriage to Talisa worse than the one to Jeyne?  Perhaps, because there's no argument to be made that he dishonored someone and took responsibility. One course of action makes sense given how he was raised, even if it was fucking stupid as all get out.He was in pain and grief and he fucked someone he shouldn't have fucked. And he married someone he shouldn't have married, it may not have been completely rational but he at least felt he was being honorable. What happens here is Robb simply didn't want to get married and so he said fuck you to the rules because he could. There's no battle between the various obligations he feels he has,there's no pain from losing his brothers he's just a selfish child. It's a small,subtle difference but one nonetheless.No one is claiming that his marriage to Jeyne is okay. I mean seriously, I may have gone hoarse and lost feeling in my fingers from arguing that it isn't. It's just that an interesting discussion was stripped so we could have a cliche plot of teenage love with the perfect PoliSci (honestly that description of Talisa above me is hilarious) girlfriend.And what the guy above me said. TV shows are there to make money by appealing to an audience, whether it's the widest possible audience or a specific one. Martin himself knew this, which is why he came out and said that it was commerce, not art. That's not to say that there aren't good reasons to stick to the plot at times, but sentimentality needs to give way.As for LotR lol. I remember the arguments about the Two Towers and how Aragorn and co. could never have broken through the ranks of pikemen at the Battle of Helm's Deep. Good times.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 June 2012 - 03:44 PM.
4561	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Of course he did -- else his wife would have been guilty of a breach of the peace.  As a matter of fact, he actually lied and said she did it on his orders, which was untrue.  He really didn't have much of a choice after she did it.Yes, it would have been much, much wiser.  Or do you think the way things turned out was peachy-keen?Are you saying Ned Stark did something dishonorable?Dems fighting words!
4562	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	People are massively upset about the Red Wedding and wish things would go otherwise. They keep reading the books, wishing Robb won't fall for Jeyne. They even watch the series and are tearful when they see Robb infatuated with Talisa, not because they don't want to see him wedding for love, but because they fully know what's coming because of this.The real reason why people are upset about the change is because this would mean that we should now also wish Talisa a painful death - because she's fully aware that Robb is already betrothed to a key bannerman, a powerful one, and she knows very well that you just don't break such oaths lightly. There's simply no way that a decent girl of noble birth who actually loves Robb would agree to have him commit such a risky move, tantamount to betrayal to the Freys - please note that Talisa is obviously far smarter and knowledgeable of high politics than Jeyne Westerling.One of the last thing people want is for Robb's wife to be such a tool,  a fool, a selfish girl, or a real pawn of Robb's enemies, because they would have to hate her too, just like they hare the plotters of the Red Wedding - even if it's to a lesser extent.Besides, the way it's been done is annoying for Robb, because he also appears a bit of an idiot, being told several times it would be a very bad idea - even before he beds Talisa -, while in the book, all this happens while he's alone, wounded, vulnerable, far from his mother.Dude - you're way overthinking this. And I'd be very worried indeed if 'people' were that invested in what are in the end just disposable works of entertainment. Before he lost his mojo George's strength was precisely that he could write books that were tragic rather than melodramatic - where good people do not just bad but sometimes terrible things (and vice versa) because they are fated to do so by a world where they actually have surprisingly little freedom of action.
4563	Clueless Northman	2012-06-04	It is virtually unknown for producers and writers to follow closely their source material - and when they do as in for instance the case of Oliver Stone's film Alexander or both the David Lynch and TV adaptations of Dune the results are usually terrible.Both quite bad adaptations that made stuff up.I mean, the conspiracy about Alexander's death, which is quite a major part of his life and of world history.Or the weirding modules in Dune.
4564	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	The discussion isn't about House of Undying or the whole adaptation anymore, so I will delay any comment on this for a further post.SNIPBesides, the way it's been done is annoying for Robb, because he also appears a bit of an idiot, being told several times it would be a very bad idea - even before he beds Talisa -, while in the book, all this happens while he's alone, wounded, vulnerable, far from his mother.This post describes why Robb's books actions are CLASSIC.  It is a CLASSIC tragedy tale.  A hero undone by a single tragic flaw.  In this case by his action to marry the woman he dishonored in a moment of weakness. Until that mistake, Robb's life was one victory after another, transcedent, rising star. After this it is one slow path to destruction.  After this Edmure defeats Tywin ruining Robbs plans, he returns to find Jamie escaped, he must execute Lord Karstark, he then travels through the skies weeping tears to his death.  That is a classic tale of the downfall of a hero.Instead, we have a story of a boy making mistake.  According to D&D it is because he questioned honor and duty because all those around him did including the last holdout to this-his mother.  This is actually an anachronistic theme to GRRms work, ie a far more nihilistic and modern conflict.  Robb does not make one mistake, he does not have a flaw.  He rebels against his parents SUPPOSED lack of consistency, he falls in love.  Is there anything more cliched than that?  Blech.D&D convert the perfect tragic hero into a cliche.  It is rare (and often successful) when shows can successfuly present that tragic hero's fall from grace.  It takes good writing, good acting and courage. I firmly believe that the actors could have carried it out.
4565	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-04	Eh, I disagree.
It's still an adaptation of ASOIAF.   That's what adaptations are, things are changed.  But it's not the books, it was never going to be a completely faithful recreation of the books.  I'm disappointed in the HOTU, but I expected it.
Heck let's compare the HOTU to Bran's 3-eye-crow dream. One can make the argument that they tried harder to at least present the HOTU somewhat, whereas the 3-eyed-crow dream was completely gutted without even trying to retain the spirit.
And given that I consider Bran as important to the ASOIAF as Dany, I'm not sure why you are drawing your line in the sand now and not after they gutted 3-eyed-crow dream?  Honestly after what they did with the 3-eyed-crow, HOTU turned out better than my expectations.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 04 June 2012 - 03:49 PM.
4566	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	As for LotR lol. I remember the arguments about the Two Towers and how Aragorn and co. could never have broken through the ranks of pikemen at the Battle of Helm's Deep. Good times.Thread drift....My biggest complaint was Theoden ranting about how Rohan was "all alone" "wasn't fortunate as fortunate in his friends" because he didn't have dwarves or elves to help his people, Rohan was horribly outnumbered, etc..  Yet, this tiny weak, isolated kingdom inexplicably manages to rally 6000 Riders in a few days (actually expecting twice as many) to ride to Minas Tirith.  Where the fuck did all those guys come from if Rohan was as weak as Theoden claimed? My complaint was that a single reference that they were a scattered people who couldn't be rallied quickly because he dallied would have made more sense, and also emphasized the guilt Theoden felt over his beguiling by Saruman and Wormtongue.   But hey, it was still a great movie despite the changes I'd have made.
4567	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Again, I believe that GoT had a chance to go EPIC on Robb's story, by letting him go this season. Here periodic reports of his successes in the westerlings.
Next season in the 1st or 2nd episode have Cat worrying in Riverrun over the death of her father and worrying about Robb's reaction to her releasing Jamie while grieving the loss of her youngest boys.
Robb returns and confronts her and forgives her.  cat is taken aback but grateful
But wait who are these strangers standing beside you.
OBTW mom here is my new wife and her family.
MASTERFUL kinging by Robb, cat would have had to play the gracious mother to her son and his new wife, jeyne would have played that new woman in her mother in laws life. 
Sure people would have been SHOCKED
A few scenes over the next few episodes, humanizing Jeyne showing her sweetness and nobility and grace would have made her a sweet character, would have allowed for the conflict in Robb and between robb and his mother to surface.
It would have been EPIC, if they only had the courage to do it.
Unfortunately it would have taken HBO essentially writing Robb out of this season, which of course is a no no for TV and developing the Riverrun stories, Edmure and his father.  It would have given more time for Arya story development.
Oh well
4568	Jory	2012-06-04	The Lord of the Rings adaptation is the obvious comparison, yes, but you forget that the producers have said countless times that the story they want to tell is GRRM's story, not "their version" of that story. Yet, that's exactly what they've given us - they've fundamentally changed the following important characters: Littlefinger, Stannis, Catelyn, Robb, "Talisa", Stannis, Mel, Shae, Tywin, Cersei. It's funny so many people complained about Cersei's portrayal last season, since I think the changes to her character were great and the changes to basically every other one of the characters this season were terrible.
4569	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Thread drift....My biggest complaint was Theoden ranting about how Rohan was "all alone" "wasn't fortunate as fortunate in his friends" because he didn't have dwarves or elves to help his people, Rohan was horribly outnumbered, etc..  Yet, this tiny weak, isolated kingdom inexplicably manages to rally 6000 Riders in a few days (actually expecting twice as many) to ride to Minas Tirith.  Where the fuck did all those guys come from if Rohan was as weak as Theoden claimed?My complaint was that a single reference that they were a scattered people who couldn't be rallied quickly because he dallied would have made more sense, and also emphasized the guilt Theoden felt over his beguiling by Saruman and Wormtongue.   But hey, it was still a great movie despite the changes I'd have made.The majority of Rohans forces were with Eomer, that is why Theoden had only the remnants at Helms Deep.  After Helms Deep he had the majority of his army together.  I thought this was explained in the movie
4570	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	Both quite bad adaptations that made stuff up.I mean, the conspiracy about Alexander's death, which is quite a major part of his life and of world history.Or the weirding modules in Dune.The conspiracy in Alexander actually comes from an ancient source and is IIRC taken seriously by the film's historical advisor Robin Lane Fox in his Alexander biography. And the weirding modules were indeed the one big departure in Lynch's Dune that can't be explained away by the impossibility of squeezing such a huge book into a feature film.But you can see why they are there - they just didn't have the CGI to have the Fremen all execute perfectly choreographed kung fu moves in the style of the Matrix (which is presumably what real prana bindu martial arts techniques would have to be represented as).
4571	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-06-04	Again, I believe that GoT had a chance to go EPIC on Robb's story, by letting him go this season. Here periodic reports of his successes in the westerlings.There is absolutely no way they could've had Robb disappear this season. One of the oldest rules in visual storytelling is "show, don't tell." The opposite works well in books where prose is ALL just words, but on screen, we needed to see Robb's story this year...THAT SAID, I think they fucked it up completely and made it ridiculous and contrived. The scene of Robb injured, grieving over Bran and Rickon, should not have been told at the beginning of Season 3; it should've been on screen.
4572	Castel	2012-06-04	Thread drift....My biggest complaint was Theoden ranting about how Rohan was "all alone" "wasn't fortunate as fortunate in his friends" because he didn't have dwarves or elves to help his people, Rohan was horribly outnumbered, etc..  Yet, this tiny weak, isolated kingdom inexplicably manages to rally 6000 Riders in a few days (actually expecting twice as many) to ride to Minas Tirith.  Where the fuck did all those guys come from if Rohan was as weak as Theoden claimed?My complaint was that a single reference that they were a scattered people who couldn't be rallied quickly because he dallied would have made more sense, and also emphasized the guilt Theoden felt over his beguiling by Saruman and Wormtongue.   But hey, it was still a great movie despite the changes I'd have made.And before we leave this tangent does anyone else find it a bit weird that there were elves there? It was a while since I read the books but isn't the whole point that it's man's time? Kinda undermines everything imo. Apparently man can't do shit without Daddy Elvish jumping in. Not to mention that them riding out to face the orcs was just hilariously doomed to failure. Which is why Aragorn came off as weird. He was basically advocating suicide.That said, I really didn't give a shit when I first watched the movie./derail.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 June 2012 - 04:05 PM.
4573	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	This post describes why Robb's books actions are CLASSIC.  It is a CLASSIC tragedy tale.  A hero undone by a single tragic flaw.  In this case by his action to marry the woman he dishonored in a moment of weakness. Until that mistake, Robb's life was one victory after another, transcedent, rising star. After this it is one slow path to destruction.  After this Edmure defeats Tywin ruining Robbs plans, he returns to find Jamie escaped, he must execute Lord Karstark, he then travels through the skies weeping tears to his death.  That is a classic tale of the downfall of a hero.Instead, we have a story of a boy making mistake.  According to D&D it is because he questioned honor and duty because all those around him did including the last holdout to this-his mother.  This is actually an anachronistic theme to GRRms work, ie a far more nihilistic and modern conflict.  Robb does not make one mistake, he does not have a flaw.  He rebels against his parents SUPPOSED lack of consistency, he falls in love.  Is there anything more cliched than that?  Blech.D&D convert the perfect tragic hero into a cliche.  It is rare (and often successful) when shows can successfuly present that tragic hero's fall from grace.  It takes good writing, good acting and courage. I firmly believe that the actors could have carried it out.Well put but we are never really given the information about Robb's motives to support it, And the reason for this is that it is simply too implausible a story to make it stick if it appears centre stage and in real time (as it would be if we'd had Robb or Jeyne POV chapters and as it must be in a TV version). Real medieval kings and barons put bro's before ho's - to break a solemn treaty to an important noble family entered into in the full view of his own followers would be far more dishonourable than to shag the daughter of a minor enemy lord.So TV Robb has to be driven by a grand if anachronistic (but then its a fantasy novel and all of it is anachronistic to the degree that Westerosi time and seasons don't work in an even semi-plausible way) passion which viewers can comprehend,Sure its crude and could have been handled much better but that is what TV does.
4574	Ffiferoo	2012-06-04	Because Ned married Jon's mother? Again, I think you guys are arguing out of sheer attachment to Jeyne (for reasons that I do not understand at all). I mean Jeyne was MEANINGLESS in the grand scheme of the books, other than Robbs marriage to her destroyed him. I don't get how this will be any different than the result of Robb marrying Talisa. The end result is the same, but IMO, the Talisa story is much more believable to the audience than the Jeyne Westerling story.Ned not having married Jon's mother has nothing to do with it - he was already married when Jon was conceived.  What I'm saying is that Robb has seen firsthand throughout his life up to this point the way fathering a bastard affected both Ned and Jon, and how it had hurt Catelyn in the process.  These are three people that Robb cares deeply about, and he knows that the issue of Jon's birth has been a major difficulty for their family.  I have no attachment to Jeyne, she is hardly characterized at all, and she's one of the characters I care least about going forward.  I just think that her relationship with Robb was more interesting than Talisa's relationship with Robb.  The result will be the same, I just prefer the justification for the marriage in the book.
4575	Leuf	2012-06-04	This forum makes me feel like Joffrey.  I can't stand the wailing of book readers.  As down as I was on much of season 2, I can't even fathom how down people are about the finale.  I think I just need to stay away from this forum as far as the show goes.
4576	Jory	2012-06-04	The Lord of the Rings adaptation is the obvious comparison, yes, but you forget that the producers have said countless times that the story they want to tell is GRRM's story, not "their version" of that story. Yet, that's exactly what they've given us - they've fundamentally changed the following important characters: Littlefinger, Stannis, Catelyn, Robb, "Talisa", Stannis, Mel, Shae, Tywin, Cersei. It's funny so many people complained about Cersei's portrayal last season, since I think the changes to her character were great and the changes to basically every other one of the characters this season were terrible.Oh, Margaery, Loras, and Arya too.
					
					
							Edited by Jory, 04 June 2012 - 04:17 PM.
4577	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	And before we leave this tangent does anyone else find it a bit weird that there were elves there? It was a while since I read the books but isn't the whole point that it's man's time? Kinda undermines everything imo. Apparently man can't do shit without Daddy Elvish jumping in. Not to mention that them riding out to face the orcs was just hilariously doomed to failure. Which is why Aragorn came off as weird. He was basically advocating suicide.That said, I really didn't give a shit when I first watched the movie./derail.The Elves at Helm's Deep are with Arwen the Action Heroine rescuing Frodo, Aragorn's pointless dive off the cliff and Frodo and Sam equally pointlessly being dragged by Faramir to Osgiliath the biggest departures from the books (as opposed to omissions like the dreaded Tom Bombadil or the Scouring of the Shire). And Aragorn at Helm's Deep has both some mystical foresight of the future and faith that Gandalf will bring aid at dawn as promised - so the riding out does make sense - and even if he had no such faith it is clearly nobler for a people who call themselves horselords to die fighting in one last glorious cavalry charge than waiting in the ruins to be slaughtered one by one.  Anyway I love that scene almost as much as the one in RotK when Theoden makes his speech and the riders charge screaming 'Death' (another departure BTW as the speech is made in the book by Eomer after he finds Theoden dead and Eowyn apparently dying and loses all hope - but it works so much better the film's way).
4578	Tadco26	2012-06-04	The problem with the "it's an adaptation, you guys expect too much" response, is that most of the people who are still watching at all at this point thought that season 1 was a good adaptation.  Even though they changed things and there were individual scenes I may not have liked, as a whole it represented the series well and I could recommend it to my non-readers who I know will never read any books, regardless of how good they are.  I could recommend season one and they could have a reasonable baseline of what happened in the books.  Season 2, not so much.  There are more things that have been changed, than have stayed the same with some of the story lines.
There have been some brilliant individual scenes, great acting, great scenery, great props and costumes and some things have been virtually perfect.  Blackwater was my favorite episode of either seasons.  But there have also been some really bad scenes and changes that seem to serve no purpose beyond the writers wanting to see how far they can stray from the books and still pull it back to the same general end point. What they don't seem to understand is that the journey to the end point is part of what makes up the heart of the story.
Just because some one doesn't like a change the show made from the books, does not mean they expect every single detail to be 100% the same.  Anyone who really felt that way no doubt hated season 1 too, and probably has given up on the show well before now.  Most people who are complaining this season are doing so in the context of loving the vast majority of season 1 and expecting as good, if not better from this season.  The expectation isn't a perfect adaptation of every line of the book, but it is for a more faithful adaptation than I was given.
4579	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	The Lord of the Rings adaptation is the obvious comparison, yes, but you forget that the producers have said countless times that the story they want to tell is GRRM's story, not "their version" of that story. Yet, that's exactly what they've given us - they've fundamentally changed the following important characters: Littlefinger, Stannis, Catelyn, Robb, "Talisa", Stannis, Mel, Shae, Tywin, Cersei. It's funny so many people complained about Cersei's portrayal last season, since I think the changes to her character were great and the changes to basically every other one of the characters this season were terrible.I really don't see the "fundamantal changes" in any of them except Talisa.One thing I think needs to be recognized is that even before the HBO series, people here discussing the books often disagreed pretty strongly on those characters. Stannis has always been pretty controversial, as have Catelyn, Melisandre, Cersei, etc.. So the way readers perceive those characters vary pretty widely. Some thought Stannis an overly rigid, uptight, eogtistical prick, and others see him as Justice.  That makes it inevitable that some readers are going to object to the on-screen characterization no matter how faithfully the showrunners attempt to follow the books.Really, I have no complaints about any of those character portrayals, though I don't like Littlefinger's odd haircut or Shae's apparent loyalty. And a bunch of them strike me as incredibly good -- I can't possibly see how anyone could complain about the portrayal of Tywin Lannister, for example.  That guy is Tywin.But, to each his or her own. It's kind of comforting, in a way, that these kind of character disagreements about the show mirror many of the disagreements about the books.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 04 June 2012 - 04:36 PM.
4580	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	There have been some brilliant individual scenes, great acting, great scenery, great props and costumes and some things have been virtually perfect.  Blackwater was my favorite episode of either seasons.  But there have also been some really bad scenes and changes that seem to serve no purpose beyond the writers wanting to see how far they can stray from the books and still pull it back to the same general end point. What they don't seem to understand is that the journey to the end point is part of what makes up the heart of the story.But there is no end point or any likelihood of one being written before the TV writers overtake GRRM (and I doubt even the most besotted fanboy would argue that AFFC and ADWD could actually be turned into watchable TV).  If George had finished the series in the 10 years between ASOS and the TV show going into production - or if he was likely to finish it within the next couple of years - your criticisms might be well founded. But HBO have effectively been sold a radically incomplete story and have been given no option other than to rewrite it in a way that allows for a resolution within the normal 5-7 seasons that a successful genre series can at best expect. If they slavishly followed the books they would see the series cancelled in year 5 and 6 when for 20 episodes nothing happens and look very silly indeed if they did somehow get to year 7 to find George is still complaining about the outrageous sense of entitlement of fans who will still be waiting for The Winds of Winter.
4581	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	The majority of Rohans forces were with Eomer, that is why Theoden had only the remnants at Helms Deep.  After Helms Deep he had the majority of his army together.  I thought this was explained in the movieNah.  According to the movie, Eomer was riding north with 2000.  Theoden expected to muster 12,000 at Dunharrow.  So okay, why couldnt' Theoden get some of those other 10,000 at Helm's Deep?  Seems like a pointless, unforced error to me, but you know what?  I think only fanboys like me caught it, or cared.  So, I just sat back and enjoyed the ride.  That's kind of my point here.  There are going to be some changes for which there is a sound, logical explanation even if we dont' like it, but there are also going to be some that make no sense.But fuck, I've been posting in this forum or its predecessors since about 1997, and I just watched Tywin Lannister ride a horse into the throne room, and take a shit right there while he's acknowledging Joffrey sitting on the Iron Throne. And I got to see the Rohirrim charge at Minas Tirith after first reading LOTR nearly 30 years before that.  So I'm going to be thankful for what I did get.
4582	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	But there is no end point or any likelihood of one being written before the TV writers overtake GRRM (and I doubt even the most besotted fanboy would argue that AFFC and ADWD could actually be turned into watchable TV).  Count me a besotted fanboy, then.  There were large parts of both of those books that I thought were really good, but there were also parts that I think dragged.  And part of that negative reaction probably is how long we had to wait for them.  For the most part, ADWD in particular was good, especially all the stuff up north.  I frankly can't wait for The Fatman to do his thing when that is brought to the screen.  And the whole turmoil in KL from AFFC looks pretty damn good too.
4583	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	There is a problem when many of the most important characters are so blatantly misunderstood.  We are not talking a subtle difference in interpretation but a complete misinterpretation.  I do not necessarily ascribe to the school that D&D set out to better GRRM, but there perceptions of some characters and their motives astounds me.
Take Jon for instance, D&D have stated in one of their inside the edition epis that they vew jon as a young man with a chip on his shoulder seeking a father figure to guide him.  Nothing could be further from the truth for book Jon.  Jon has had nothing but father figures raising him, Ned, Rodrik, Luwin and to a lesser extend Theon and Robb.  Figure that have taught him what it means to be a man and a leader of men.  it is completely uncharacteristic of Jon snow to be generally incompetent, flippant, disrespectul etc.  Lack of those things are his essential traits, what he brings to the NW he has been bred as a leader of men.  That is why Jon Snow's actions are completely uncharacteristic and furthermore create butterfly effects in the story.
Again I come back to it appears D&D just dont understand the source material.  Though I will give them the benefit of the doubt that there public comments are tied to what they perceive as necessary changes to bring the story to the screen
4584	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	Nah.  According to the movie, Eomer was riding north with 2000.  Theoden expected to muster 12,000 at Dunharrow.  So okay, why couldnt' Theoden get some of those other 10,000 at Helm's Deep?  Seems like a pointless, unforced error to me, but you know what?  I think only fanboys like me caught it, or cared.  So, I just sat back and enjoyed the ride.  That's kind of my point here.  There are going to be some changes for which there is a sound, logical explanation even if we dont' like it, but there are also going to be some that make no sense.In the end its all economics. The sets they had built/generated for both Edoras and Helm's Deep awesome as they were were simply too small to represent the city and the fortress depicted in the books - and they weren't going to spend another $50m or so on them when they had the truly epic battle to do in the third film. Plus you overdo the scale and its difficult to make the heroes contributions plausible - Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli holding a fort aided by a couple of hundred men (and some Elves that shouldn't be there at all) has an awesome Alamo or Fort Apache quality we can all immediately recognise - them defending a whole mountain carved into a fortress with thousands of men behind them would be less impressive and less easy to follow,
4585	sumpthy	2012-06-04	The problem with the "it's an adaptation, you guys expect too much" response, is that most of the people who are still watching at all at this point thought that season 1 was a good adaptation.  Even though they changed things and there were individual scenes I may not have liked, as a whole it represented the series well and I could recommend it to my non-readers who I know will never read any books, regardless of how good they are.  I could recommend season one and they could have a reasonable baseline of what happened in the books.  Season 2, not so much.  There are more things that have been changed, than have stayed the same with some of the story lines.Season 1 is a far, far simpler story to adapt. There are less characters and they're far less spread out.
4586	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Nah.  According to the movie, Eomer was riding north with 2000.  Theoden expected to muster 12,000 at Dunharrow.  So okay, why couldnt' Theoden get some of those other 10,000 at Helm's Deep?  Seems like a pointless, unforced error to me, but you know what?  I think only fanboys like me caught it, or cared.  So, I just sat back and enjoyed the ride.  That's kind of my point here.  There are going to be some changes for which there is a sound, logical explanation even if we dont' like it, but there are also going to be some that make no sense.But fuck, I've been posting in this forum or its predecessors since about 1997, and I just watched Tywin Lannister ride a horse into the throne room, and take a shit right there while he's acknowledging Joffrey sitting on the Iron Throne. And I got to see the Rohirrim charge at Minas Tirith after first reading LOTR nearly 30 years before that.  So I'm going to be thankful for what I did get.hey im a fanboy too! Umm you are misremberig, tywin's horse shat outside the throne room.
4587	howcanilose	2012-06-04	Pro-tipImagine the show was never created. In fact, if you love the books so much, then you should be able to create the image in your head, no? So why see it on screen if you can just imagine it?It's a story people. It's not life. It's a damn good tv show, the only people who complain are the people who've also read the books. Even though I dont complainI really like the books and watching the show can be frustrating because of the changes they decided to take but it really still is a good show.  Nothing will ever compare to the books.  NOTHING.  And that isn't an excuse for why the show should deviate but its not feasible for a ten episode season to do what I (and many others) want from it. I've had people who ask me who is who or whats that character doing and when I watch it with them I understand why.  Things fly by fast, its not words from a page that you can look back on and if you talk over one sentence of dialogue and miss it, you're screwed unless you re-watch. At the end of the day, it's frustrating but its not enough to piss me off and not watch it, and I'll reiterate that its still a damn good show.  I think the HOTU scene was the one scene that irritated me the most but I'm not sure how it would really translate to the screen.  I mean do I really want to explain it to my friends who the blonde guy with the baby was or what's the prince that was promised or whatever?  Not really.  I tell them to read the books.  Some do and some don't.
4588	SamanthaofTarth	2012-06-04	Did you read his post? He said that his neighbor didn't get that Stannis and Melisandre weren't married or that he wasn't Ned's brother. In the second episode Stannis clearly says that he has a wife. If he was paying attention and he heard it he would surely have gotten that plot point. My whole point was that unless he couldn't physically hear the line he had no reason to not understand stuff. I didn't say that it didn't happen, just that it shouldn't have.Yes I did read his post. And yes, I shall admit to scoffing a little that somebody could not understand those plot points. But never once did it enter my head that 'oh they didn't understand, they must be deaf,' as if it were some forgone conclusion. Perhaps this person is just plain frigging stupid and just cannot understand it. Or perhaps they simply weren't paying attention. Or got distracted. Left the room to go the bathroom and simply missed the line. They might have had every reason in the world to not understand, and none of it relating to being deaf, or not being deaf.
4589	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I actually agree with the loss of mystery. 
But the sort of mysteries we are talking about (which are moreover mysteries that have not yet been resolved over 6,000 pages and 16 fucking years) are just not easily representable in a TV fantasy series.
How on earth do you make Who is Jon Snow? a major theme when we still don't bloody know the answer or even if George has now got so bored with him that he's dead for good.
Ditto with who are the three heads of the dragon? if we already knew because George had finished the bloody series then yes it would be worthwhile making that prophecy a key scene - but we don't and may never know. 
Plus TV producers are driven very heavily by what works in their genre  - centring Lost on a grand meta-mystery didn't actually work out at all well in the end.
The same could very easily apply in AGOT but with the added complication that it is already hard enough to keep track of the galaxy of weirdly named characters and families and places and things without having to remember a whole lot of prophecies as well.
In the end books and TV are just radically different media and you really are asking the impossible (or more to the point the unprofitable as a faithful adaptation of ASOIAF would bore the pants off a real TV audience).
4590	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	duplicate post
					
					
							Edited by One Hand Clapping, 04 June 2012 - 06:15 PM.
4591	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	duplicate post
					
					
							Edited by One Hand Clapping, 04 June 2012 - 06:13 PM.
4592	redriver	2012-06-04	I'll call her a plot device if we're splitting hairs here. the point is, she existed to make things happen a certain way, and by replacing her with some spunky enigma of a girl who Robb falls in love with for a different reason, and marries for a different reason, they managed to change the structure of the entire King in the North storyline. It's no longer Robb making a spur of the moment mistake and trying to fix it and being honorable because that's practically the only thing he knows, and the red wedding actually being tragic. now Robb's being stupid and reckless, with plenty of time to consider his actions and plenty of people giving him advice, none of which he even tries to heed. Robb's my favorite ASOIAF character but between what a little shit he is on the show, and how painful him and Talisa's scenes are, I'll be cheering Roose on at the Red Wedding.So, maybe Jeyne may not be a major character. but she served an important function and replacing her just to have a hollywood love story and spunky new female character was a huge mistakeThe problem was Robb was a major character who did not have a lot of page time in ACOK.His story,mainly winning battles,had to be told through other points of view,mainly Catelyn's.In the books this worked to an extent.In TV land you have to give more of a reason than "I've married this girl coz she was very kind to me when I was wounded".The Red Wedding will happen and will retain it's emotional impact because we have gotten to know Robb,and Talisa's betrayal will be a real shocker.Robb was a political idiot in the books and the TV show.I can't imagine why he would be a favourite character.
4593	redriver	2012-06-04	I'll call her a plot device if we're splitting hairs here. the point is, she existed to make things happen a certain way, and by replacing her with some spunky enigma of a girl who Robb falls in love with for a different reason, and marries for a different reason, they managed to change the structure of the entire King in the North storyline. It's no longer Robb making a spur of the moment mistake and trying to fix it and being honorable because that's practically the only thing he knows, and the red wedding actually being tragic. now Robb's being stupid and reckless, with plenty of time to consider his actions and plenty of people giving him advice, none of which he even tries to heed. Robb's my favorite ASOIAF character but between what a little shit he is on the show, and how painful him and Talisa's scenes are, I'll be cheering Roose on at the Red Wedding.So, maybe Jeyne may not be a major character. but she served an important function and replacing her just to have a hollywood love story and spunky new female character was a huge mistakeThe problem was Robb was a major character who did not have a lot of page time in ACOK.His story,mainly winning battles,had to be told through other points of view,mainly Catelyn's.In the books this worked to an extent.In TV land you have to give more of a reason than "I've married this girl coz she was very kind to me when I was wounded".The Red Wedding will happen and will retain it's emotional impact because we have gotten to know Robb,and Talisa's betrayal will be a real shocker.Robb was a political idiot in the books and the TV show.I can't imagine why he would be a favourite character.
4594	Castel	2012-06-04	Is it just me or did a bunch of posts from not only this thread but from other threads disappear?
4595	SamanthaofTarth	2012-06-04	Editing for double post.
					
					
							Edited by SamanthaofTarth, 04 June 2012 - 06:13 PM.
4596	redriver	2012-06-04	I'll call her a plot device if we're splitting hairs here. the point is, she existed to make things happen a certain way, and by replacing her with some spunky enigma of a girl who Robb falls in love with for a different reason, and marries for a different reason, they managed to change the structure of the entire King in the North storyline. It's no longer Robb making a spur of the moment mistake and trying to fix it and being honorable because that's practically the only thing he knows, and the red wedding actually being tragic. now Robb's being stupid and reckless, with plenty of time to consider his actions and plenty of people giving him advice, none of which he even tries to heed. Robb's my favorite ASOIAF character but between what a little shit he is on the show, and how painful him and Talisa's scenes are, I'll be cheering Roose on at the Red Wedding.So, maybe Jeyne may not be a major character. but she served an important function and replacing her just to have a hollywood love story and spunky new female character was a huge mistakeThe problem was Robb was a major character who did not have a lot of page time in ACOK.His story,mainly winning battles,had to be told through other points of view,mainly Catelyn's.In the books this worked to an extent.In TV land you have to give more of a reason than "I've married this girl coz she was very kind to me when I was wounded".The Red Wedding will happen and will retain it's emotional impact because we have gotten to know Robb,and Talisa's betrayal will be a real shocker.Robb was a political idiot in the books and the TV show.I can't imagine why he would be a favourite character.
4597	Castel	2012-06-04	The Red Wedding will happen and will retain it's emotional impact because we have gotten to know Robb,and Talisa's betrayal will be a real shocker.What betrayal are you talking about?
4598	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I've had the site crash multiple times since I started commenting here so quite likely
4599	Clueless Northman	2012-06-04	I can see why people would complain that some fans nitpick too much, and after too many nitpickings, would be bothered even by the most valid complaints.That said, the "don't watch, or stop posting complaints" position of non-readers (or late-readers) just don't hold, and for a single obvious reason:This site is first of all a ASOIAF site, a site and forum about the book series, and has been such for a decade. It's also about the TV series, but that's not its whole purpose, just a part of it, and a late one to boot. This is not Winteriscoming.net, which was set up with the explicit purpose of talking just about the TV series - which it does very well.So a lot of people here have read the books way before the series aired, and it's basically their home. Telling them to STFU or go away is quite rude, and more importantly pointless /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Since LOTR is an obvious comparison when it comes to not-totally-faithful yet quite successful adaptations, for LOTR movies, you had TORN/Theonering.net, which was done just for this, but you also had older LOTR sites that obviously were about the books. The people in the latter were obviously less forgiving, you if you just wanted to discuss the movies with people who mostly enjoyed them, it was better to go to TORN than to TORC/Tolkien-Online - who was first a books-site, not a movies-site.I also think that something the series defenders don't get - probably because most of the critics don't mention it, though it's quite clear that many seem to be of this opinion - is that when people say the series is "bad" because of so and so, it's not that the series is a bad TV series. Even after episode 02/10, it's still one of the best TV series around, purely considered as a TV series. It's at times found bad as an adaptation, and the fact people know what's really in the books severely reduces their enjoyment - while they might have loved the series and the changes, if these were all an autonomous creation of the scriptwriters, an original script, and not based on famous and successful books.(last but not least, I should also mention that it's because of we, readers of old, that the series was made to begin with; had the books bombed and sold a few thousands, nobody would have picked them to put tens of millions in a TV series, so even if one late-reader or non-reader can be bitter and resent a heavy-handed criticism, and be fed up with growing whining about changes, there would simply be no TV series without those whining upset fans of old)The conspiracy in Alexander actually comes from an ancient source and is IIRC taken seriously by the film's historical advisor Robin Lane Fox in his Alexander biography.Well, I mean, serious historians. You always can find some fringe historian that will defend a point of view only a handful of them would even consider.Still makes it highly annoying, specially since it Oliver Stone, who's made a career of making movies about real and completely fictional conspiracies. Then of course, the movie was badly edited and had other really bad moments. But I won't dump it, the battle of Gaugamela is still one of the best movie battles, and possibly the best ancient historical battle ever shot - the one in Spartacus coming close.And before we leave this tangent does anyone else find it a bit weird that there were elves there?It was actually one of the biggest complaints about Two Towers, the other big one being Faramir wanting to take the Ring to Gondor - well, the biggest was well-fuelled fears that Arwen would be here.This is a key difference: Jackson's team knew they were making some significant changes and didn't want all the fans to call bloody murder. So they managed to leak a few fake news about supposed changes, and even more let the biggest real changes slip to the fanbase (some of the biggest changes were quickly dropped, like said Arwen at Helm's Deep, which was partly filmed before being utterly cancelled as unplausible). The fans went into uproar at changes that were bigger than what we got in Two Towers, and were quite often relieved that their worst fears were unfounded - basically, leaks lowered the bar for fan expectations.With GOT/ASOIAF, expectations stay high because D/D keep saying they want to shoot Martin's story, GRRM has praised their efforts and the result (Season 1) numerous times, and is directly tied to the project - even if he hasn't that much decision power.(of course, if we're discussing Two Towers, I also think the editing of the last third of the movie was really bad, with the massive mixing of Helm's Deep on one side, and Entmoot + Treebeard picking up the Hobbits home + Last march of the Ents, the former taking one single day, the latter being unrealistic during the same timeline)EDIT: I've indeed seen posts disappear and others ending as double-posts. The server is tricking us /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4600	redriver	2012-06-04	I'll call her a plot device if we're splitting hairs here. the point is, she existed to make things happen a certain way, and by replacing her with some spunky enigma of a girl who Robb falls in love with for a different reason, and marries for a different reason, they managed to change the structure of the entire King in the North storyline. It's no longer Robb making a spur of the moment mistake and trying to fix it and being honorable because that's practically the only thing he knows, and the red wedding actually being tragic. now Robb's being stupid and reckless, with plenty of time to consider his actions and plenty of people giving him advice, none of which he even tries to heed. Robb's my favorite ASOIAF character but between what a little shit he is on the show, and how painful him and Talisa's scenes are, I'll be cheering Roose on at the Red Wedding.So, maybe Jeyne may not be a major character. but she served an important function and replacing her just to have a hollywood love story and spunky new female character was a huge mistakeThe problem was Robb was a major character who did not have a lot of page time in ACOK.His story,mainly winning battles,had to be told through other points of view,mainly Catelyn's.In the books this worked to an extent.In TV land you have to give more of a reason than "I've married this girl coz she was very kind to me when I was wounded".The Red Wedding will happen and will retain it's emotional impact because we have gotten to know Robb,and Talisa's betrayal will be a real shocker.Robb was a political idiot in the books and the TV show.I can't imagine why he would be a favourite character.
4601	Castel	2012-06-04	Yes I did read his post. And yes, I shall admit to scoffing a little that somebody could not understand those plot points. But never once did it enter my head that 'oh they didn't understand, they must be deaf,' as if it were some forgone conclusion. Perhaps this person is just plain frigging stupid and just cannot understand it. Or perhaps they simply weren't paying attention. Or got distracted. Left the room to go the bathroom and simply missed the line. They might have had every reason in the world to not understand, and none of it relating to being deaf, or not being deaf.That's not what I said. I'll reiterate again:I said that there was no reason for him to not understand if he had HBO GO unless he couldn't hear the words. Not that him being deaf made him dumb. Just that there's no real excuse for him if he can clearly rewatch the show when he pleases. He may indeed be stupid, but it's no excuse, he has every chance to understand if he was paying attention.
4602	evening gale	2012-06-04	@ Linda,
I understand why you are angry.  But HBO commercializes everything in order to appeal to the widest possible audience.  And look at the silver lining - had I not seen and very much enjoyed this show, I never would have heard of these books, which I do now plan on reading.  I am a huge fan of medieval themes and settings in literature, but I do not typically read fantasy.  The HBO version (flawed as it may be) will introduce the books to legions of new fans.
4603	Greywolf2375	2012-06-04	You will never please book fans. Even in s1 with one little thing off they bitch. Its a tv show its not same story get it through your head its got to be addpted for tv books and tv and other media not the same.You're right, it's not the same story, that is what people are commenting on.  Linda's point was that this adaption is getting closer to the "Starship Troopers" movie adaption that was driven by one chapter in the book.  She, any almost everyone else, understands that the TV series is not the same as the books, however some things they diverged on were just too far.
4604	Bride of Winter	2012-06-04	This post describes why Robb's books actions are CLASSIC.  It is a CLASSIC tragedy tale.  A hero undone by a single tragic flaw.  In this case by his action to marry the woman he dishonored in a moment of weakness. Until that mistake, Robb's life was one victory after another, transcedent, rising star. After this it is one slow path to destruction.  After this Edmure defeats Tywin ruining Robbs plans, he returns to find Jamie escaped, he must execute Lord Karstark, he then travels through the skies weeping tears to his death.  That is a classic tale of the downfall of a hero.Instead, we have a story of a boy making mistake.  According to D&D it is because he questioned honor and duty because all those around him did including the last holdout to this-his mother.  This is actually an anachronistic theme to GRRms work, ie a far more nihilistic and modern conflict.  Robb does not make one mistake, he does not have a flaw.  He rebels against his parents SUPPOSED lack of consistency, he falls in love.  Is there anything more cliched than that?  Blech.D&D convert the perfect tragic hero into a cliche.  It is rare (and often successful) when shows can successfuly present that tragic hero's fall from grace.  It takes good writing, good acting and courage. I firmly believe that the actors could have carried it out.you basically completely summarized my issue with D&D's take on the storyline. what I find the most upsetting, which I don't think is nitpicky at all, is that his story could have very reasonably been done practically verbatim from the books, and had a very strong impact. There's no need to adapt any of it* . Hell, Robb isn't even a POV character and just through his dialogue and actions we see he's a perfect tragic hero. if anything, seeing more of Robb and giving him more of a character and personality should just make his downfall seem even more massive. Instead, D&D just took the character of Robb and ran in the complete opposite direction.Plus, it's a huge shame because I definitely think the actor who plays Robb could have pulled it off. He does what he can, but unfortunately now he's stuck simply being really good at playing a stupid teenager stuck in a cliche love story. It's a shame. *funny enough, the only adapting of Robb's storyline I recall D&D claiming was that they were maturing him due to him being aged up a few years. Too bad ShowRobb's pretty much making 15-year-old BookRobb look like Stannis Baratheon in comparison. Oh the irony.
4605	redriver	2012-06-04	What betrayal are you talking about?First,sorry all about the multiple posts.Server issues,no doubt.On the betrayal,yes it seems Talisa is a Lannister plant/spy.Probably instructed to get as close to Robb as possible.
4606	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	The Red Wedding will happen and will retain it's emotional impact because we have gotten to know Robb,and Talisa's betrayal will be a real shocker.Robb was a political idiot in the books and the TV show.I can't imagine why he would be a favourite character.1) Talisa doesn't have to betray Robb - she can die beside him, be forcibly remarried to creepy old Lord Frey, be flayed alive by Roose Bolton, sent north to be an alternative plaything for Ramsay and Reek - in short they can do any damn thing they like with her as she is not Jeyne2)  Has it occurred to you that we don't generally love and admire politicians and what to you is idiocy might be romantic idealism to someone else (whether romantic idealism has any place in Westeros is another question but if George had actually made Robb a real character with plausible motivations then the writers wouldn't have had to make shit up about him).
					
					
							Edited by One Hand Clapping, 04 June 2012 - 06:32 PM.
4607	Kevin79	2012-06-04	People that are complaining about the loss of prophecy stuff in the House of Undying aren't seeing the bigger picture of the TV series I think. Yes, these prophecies are very important to the story. However, why do we think that they should only come from Dany's POV? We must keep in mind that we need something for Stannis and Melissandre to do for the entirety of next season and I believe we got a glimpse of it in the finale. There will be much discussion of prophecies and fates in scenes between Stannis and Melissandre as they will be looking into the fires for at least Davos' entire incarceration and time he is presumed dead. So we'll get our Azor Ahai prophecies there and I'm sure Quaithe will show up here and there to tell Dany of her very own prophecies, which is all she needs to hear about. I also believe that D&D have realized many of the complaints everyone here are going on about. We must remember that they were book fans before they created the show and I'm sure it pains them that they had to mess up Theon's arc, give Jon less screen time and shorten the HOTU. But they did announce that book 3 would be split up so they could tell it over more than just ten episodes, probably because they realised how rushed some of the plot points were in season 2. With the split, they should finally be able to give the characters room to breathe in their own scenes and I'm willing to bet that the best seasons of the show are still to come because of this. All you people that are so quick to condemn the show should give it another year at least for this reason alone. If they manage to still mess up character motivations and condense incredible plot points after season 3 then I won't be as quick to defend the show anymore. However, like I said, with more time to adapt book 3, they should pull off one hell of a season or two.
4608	SamanthaofTarth	2012-06-04	That's not what I said. I'll reiterate again:I said that there was no reason for him to not understand if he had HBO GO unless he couldn't hear the words. Not that him being deaf made him dumb. Just that there's no real excuse for him if he can clearly rewatch the show when he pleases. He may indeed be stupid, but it's no excuse, he has every chance to understand if he was paying attention.Well that's how it came across. "Well, they don't understand, but they're deaf, so that's alright; though I guess we have to include everybody, so let's be nice." That might not be what you meant, but it's how you came across. And if he can clearly rewatch the show as he pleases, being deaf doesn't even come into it: he can simply rewatch and rewatch until he hears the line and then POOF! magically understands the plot.Edit: as it is, I'm going to bed. So I hope you're excuse my not replying. Perhaps you'll excuse it further when, being deaf as I am, I fail to hear my alarm clock in the morning and don't wake up, and as such, take even longer to reply.
					
					
							Edited by SamanthaofTarth, 04 June 2012 - 06:33 PM.
4609	Jolene Brown	2012-06-04	And as we all know, his kingdom doesn't last because of it.  Again, same ending point.  The story that D&D told in place of GRRMs version is just appealling to a wider audience, IMHO.I don't get this argument - I already see tons of people shipping Jaime/Brienne, despite their comparatively little interaction in the show thus far, and people who like Tyrion/Shae, but I see hardly anyone who is like, "man this Talisa/Robb relationship is great."  Even those who haven't read the books are generally either contemptuous of the character, or don't have a problem with it but could hardly be characterized as being invested either.  Can you think of any Talisa/Robb shippers on the forums you read?  I can't.  This is just not a relationship that is lighting people on fire, whether they've read the books or not.  To me, that indicates that the way it has been presented is not resonating with people, and that the show might have been better off trying a version that was at least closer to the original story.  I think that could easily have been done while still keeping Robb onscreen.
4610	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	Well, I mean, serious historians. You always can find some fringe historian that will defend a point of view only a handful of them would even consider.Off topic but:Robin James Lane Fox FRSL (born 5 October 1946[1]) is an English historian of classical antiquity, described by Paul Cartledge as "one of our most original, daring and life-enhancing".[2] He is Fellow and Tutor in Ancient History at New College, Oxford (of which he is also Garden Fellow and Tutor in Oriental Studies) and Reader in Ancient History, University of Oxford. He is Lecturer in Ancient History at Exeter College, Oxford.[3] He has also taught Greek and Latin literature and earlyIslamic history, a subject in which he held an Oxford Research Fellowship.[4]His major publications, for which he has won literary prizes including the James Tait Black Award,[5] the Duff Cooper Prize,[6] the W. H. Heinemann Award[7] and the Runciman Award,[8] include studies of Alexander the Great and Ancient Macedon, Late Antiquity (e.g. on Christianity and Paganism), the Bible and history, and the Greek Dark Ages (e.g. on the relation between Greek Mythology and the myths of the Ancient Near East).Its been some time (i.e. 10 or 20 years) since I read his Alexander book but IIRC he discusses the conspiracy theory as an interesting hypothesis that can't be dismissed out of hand given that Alex was clearly quite mad in the last months of his life and planning on dragging his exhausted generals and soldiers off on an endless series of campaigns in the West when all they wanted to do was settle down and enjoy their plunder. In the absence of a signed confession we will of course never know. But in any case the conspiracy theory is one of the lesser problems in a film of which it was said the only highlights are the ones in Colin Farrell's hair.
					
					
							Edited by One Hand Clapping, 04 June 2012 - 06:34 PM.
4611	kairparavel	2012-06-04	So was it something I said? Or did something happen during Sparks' administrating that has removed my post, MC's post and many other posts from this thread?
4612	redriver	2012-06-04	1) Talisa doesn't have to betray Robb - she can die beside him, be forcibly remarried to creepy old Lord Frey, be flayed alive by Roose Bolton, sent north to be an alternative plaything for Ramsay and Reek - in short they can do any damn thing they like with her as she is not Jeyne2)  Has it occurred to you that we don't generally love and admire politicians and what to you is idiocy might be romantic idealism to someone else (whether romantic idealism has any place in Westeros is another question but if George had actually made Robb a real character with plausible motivations then the writers wouldn't have had to make shit up about him).On your first point,she has betrayed him already,by marrying him.The big reveal comes at the RW,TV version.Your second point is a bit confused.Yes I appreciate that politicians are not universally revered,but if you aspire to be a king,then a little political savvy wouldn't go amiss.I thought GRRM captured Robb's essence in print,but left D&D with a problem translating it to screen.
4613	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	I understand why they didn't have the Rhaegar scenes. A viewer who hasn't read the books would be lost in all seven hells with what it was. And GRRM is still writing lets not forget. Why cast a person now for one scene when 5 years down the road when GRRM has told more about Rhaegar. They will be able to give the character more depth and importance then just a vison him saying the series title. They are getting us into the primary living characters. Rhaegar is a extremely important deceased character. And giving him two vague sayings in the second season when we won't hear about him or see him for a long time would have been a disgrace to his character no matter how important the two lines he says are.
Personally I dont think have written him out of the series at all. They are just saving him and "the prince that was promised" for a more important slow part of the series so the audience can take in the words he says look back at all the seasons before and thats when the non-book reader will understand the bigger picture.
4614	Bride of Winter	2012-06-04	The problem was Robb was a major character who did not have a lot of page time in ACOK.His story,mainly winning battles,had to be told through other points of view,mainly Catelyn's.In the books this worked to an extent.In TV land you have to give more of a reason than "I've married this girl coz she was very kind to me when I was wounded".The Red Wedding will happen and will retain it's emotional impact because we have gotten to know Robb,and Talisa's betrayal will be a real shocker.Robb was a political idiot in the books and the TV show.I can't imagine why he would be a favourite character.Meh, the way I see it, that's the point. It may be dumb, but Robb honestly thought marrying Jeyne to protect her honor was more important than honoring his pact with the Freys. Yes, he made mistakes in the book and he's making mistakes in the show, but the point of his character isn't "he screws up and dies". Its specifically why he screws up - it's the specific mistakes he makes that show the specific flaws in his character that made his downfall happen (and what makes Robb so interesting to me in asoiaf is that his flaws aren't even conventional flaws, it's GRRM subverting the trope of the boy king to make his idealism and sense of honor his downfall).it's not an "any means to an end" sort of thing, imo. but regardless, the end won't even be the same. I can say personally I won't be nearly as upset when Robb dies in the show, and I can't see non-book readers being shocked at his betrayal after watching him intentionally make dumb decision after dumb decision.I guess we'll have to agree to disagree though. I'm explaining the way I see it, but I can't expect people who don't see anything interesting about Robb to get this invested in him (and I can't blame them, because there are many characters that I just don't bother with).
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 04 June 2012 - 06:42 PM.
4615	Arkash	2012-06-04	Yes this is definitly the same story.
So far NO, and I really mean it, NO REAL BIG CHANGES WERE MADE. This is the book's story with small minor deviations, but the core, the essence, is here, definitly !
4616	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I don't get this argument - I already see tons of people shipping Jaime/Brienne, despite their comparatively little interaction in the show thus far, and people who like Tyrion/Shae, but I see hardly anyone who is like, "man this Talisa/Robb relationship is great."  Even those who haven't read the books are generally either contemptuous of the character, or don't have a problem with it but could hardly be characterized as being invested either.  Can you think of any Talisa/Robb shippers on the forums you read?  I can't.  This is just not a relationship that is lighting people on fire, whether they've read the books or not.  To me, that indicates that the way it has been presented is not resonating with people, and that the show might have been better off trying a version that was at least closer to the original story.  I think that could easily have been done while still keeping Robb onscreen.Well those of us who've read the book automatically hate it (even I do and I am one of the people who think that Robb does indeed need stronger motivation if he is going to live as a TV character).As for the rest the all over the place plotting of all the episodes in S2 except Blackwater just means that we never spend enough consecutive time with her and him for their relationship to make a strong impression - she appears in one ep, they briefly flirt in a couple more, then they move directly to hot naked action and then Robb is having to defend the relationship to her disapproving mother-in-law.Even Ros - never mind Shae - has probably had more screen time and more lines.   Again I don't have a problem with them changing around characters that are no more than offstage ciphers in the books but they really need to give them more time to develop than S2 has allowed.
4617	Castel	2012-06-04	it's not an "any means to an end" sort of thing, imo. but regardless, the end won't even be the same. I can say personally I won't be nearly as upset when Robb dies in the show, and I can't see non-book readers being shocked at his betrayal after watching him intentionally make dumb decision after dumb decision.Which may be the point.
4618	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	Is it just me or did a bunch of posts from not only this thread but from other threads disappear?The moderators are keeping it civil and clean.
4619	Sun	2012-06-04	I agree that Jason Mamoa's cameo seemed like nothing more than calculated and cynical fanservice. I did however like the throne room scene, it held resonance with the books, imo.
Did I miss the prophecies? Of course I did. 
Did their absence bother me? Yes, but not nearly as much as seeing what did appear on screen so badly orchestrated. Dany's escape scene from the HotU struck me as weak, convenient and slightly absurd, especially given the power the show has attributed to Pyat Pree - the multiplying assassin. Add to that the entire XXD sequence, where the the self proclaimed king of Qarth apparently is so secure in his position, that he has no guards at all guarding his palace. Either that, or Dany's elderly and drastically dwindled Dothraki hord have managed to miraculously overpower them all.
I suppose what I'm trying to say is that I do have my complaints about the show, but they mostly deal with how well written & well executed it is vis-a-vis its own vision, not the books.
It is odd that the entire mythos of the asoiaf story has been expunged, or so it seems based on this season. But I can not in all honesty judge it on that basis yet. The prophecies may very well make an appearance in a later season, through some other plot method. We simply don't know yet. 
That's why I'm not comfortable judging the show based on it's proximity, or lack there of as the view may be, to the books until I have allowed them to finish telling their story. And only then decide whether this adaptation has succeeded or failed. For now, I would much rather critique it as a standalone TV fantasy drama, and nothing more.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 04 June 2012 - 06:56 PM.
4620	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	So was it something I said? Or did something happen during Sparks' administrating that has removed my post, MC's post and many other posts from this thread?best thing to do is drop the administrator a message asking about your post.  It's what is recommended in the style guide stuff.
4621	HomeGrownCrown	2012-06-04	To an extent, I get both sides of this argument.  I understand how some readers who have invested YEARS into the books are upset about the adaptation, I also understand how some people just don't like that those same readers are dissecting the show to a degree that seems unreasonable to those of us who happen to enjoy both the show and the books.  What I don't get is the ridiculous vitriol and backlash against people who are unable to reconcile their views of GRRM's novels with the show and are critical of it.  These opinions are valid, this is how people feel about the adaptation and it's perfectly reasonable for them to be critical of it.
Sure, it's not realistic to expect the series to mirror the books exactly, or to even come close to the level of detail that would be required to satisfy hardcore readers.  After all when has any book to film adaptation exceeded (or even lived up to) the source material? I can think of maybe two instances, the first being Shawshank because regardless of the changes HOLY HELL THEY MADE A GOOD SHAWSHANK MOVIE, and the second being Jurassic Park because OMG DINOSAURS ON THE BIG SCREEN AND THEY LOOK REAL!
Still, there's nothing wrong with being critical of the show, it deviates DRASTICALLY from the source, and even though some of us put that aside and still enjoy the show for what it is, let's be real, we're all a little disappointed that certain aspect of the books weren't translated the way we expected them to be, whether we're openly admitting it or not.
4622	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	On your first point,she has betrayed him already,by marrying him.The big reveal comes at the RW,TV version.Your second point is a bit confused.Yes I appreciate that politicians are not universally revered,but if you aspire to be a king,then a little political savvy wouldn't go amiss.I thought GRRM captured Robb's essence in print,but left D&D with a problem translating it to screen.From her POV marriage is hardly a betrayal as she doesn't even share the value system of these Western barbarians (and we have been given no evidence whatsoever that she is a Lannister spy).As for Robb he is a tragic figure because he allows his heart and his dick to rule his head (in the book this may be rationalised ex post facto by reference to her honour but that doesn't convince me and as George was still at the height of his powers when he wrote SOS I don't think he intended it to be a convincing rationale for Robb's behaviour either).  And romantic love is not as absent from the books and as unnatural a Hollywood anachronism as some people think: Jaime and Cersei, Brienne and Renly, Littlefinger and Catelyn, Sam and whatever-sad-Wildling-girl-is-called, Jon and Ygritte, Jorah and Dany, Dany and Drogo are requited or not grand passions that characters are willing to kill and die for rather than just cynical medieval marriages of convenience or brief transports of lust,
4623	woweezowee	2012-06-04	I'm 100% certain that a scene involving at least some of the House of the Undying prophecies (probably toned-down to avoid big reveals) will happen early next season. They haven't just introduced Quaithe for no good reason.
4624	Arkash	2012-06-04	Reading through this really makes me feel sorry for book readers who are so obsessed with the changes between the books and show, to the point where they consider to stop watching the show.I agree, I have enough of fanatism on this forum... yeah, everyone has the right to give his opinions, but that is becoming silly... the show is a masterpiece of television and like I said earlier, the core and the essence of the books are still here, this is a true example of an amazing adaptation, and I wish people would start to understand this, that books and videos are definitly not the same support and all the tiny changes are what they are: tiny changes not changing drasticly the story.But I have been shouting that aloud too much in the void and for the vain this past weeks, I am tired of it...
4625	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-06-04	it's odd. I don't mind changes like Tywin  and Robb getting more screen time. Or the changes to Jon and Dany's story. since I thought they mostly worked out well. it's the changes like renaming Jeyne that irked me, maybe it was just becuase unlike the other stuff it just seemed really unneeded.
4626	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	I don't get this argument - I already see tons of people shipping Jaime/Brienne, despite their comparatively little interaction in the show thus far, and people who like Tyrion/Shae, but I see hardly anyone who is like, "man this Talisa/Robb relationship is great."  Even those who haven't read the books are generally either contemptuous of the character, or don't have a problem with it but could hardly be characterized as being invested either.  Can you think of any Talisa/Robb shippers on the forums you read?  I can't.  This is just not a relationship that is lighting people on fire, whether they've read the books or not.  To me, that indicates that the way it has been presented is not resonating with people, and that the show might have been better off trying a version that was at least closer to the original story.  I think that could easily have been done while still keeping Robb onscreen.This is a really good observation, Jolene Brown.  I have a non-reader husband who basically said, "What the heck?" (only more crudely) to the development of this relationship.  He thinks it is bizarre that she just wanders in and out of his tent whenever she wants.Meh, the way I see it, that's the point. It may be dumb, but Robb honestly thought marrying Jeyne to protect her honor was more important than honoring his pact with the Freys. Yes, he made mistakes in the book and he's making mistakes in the show, but the point of his character isn't "he screws up and dies". Its specifically why he screws up - it's the specific mistakes he makes that show the specific flaws in his character that made his downfall happen (and what makes Robb so interesting to me in asoiaf is that his flaws aren't even conventional flaws, it's GRRM subverting the trope of the boy king to make his idealism and sense of honor his downfall).I agree with you, Bride.  Additionally I would add that it is not like Robb was burdened with Jeyne.  Catelyn's chapters make it clear that Robb and Jeyne were quite smitten with each other, and it seemed like real love.I am going to go back to something I wrote on page 1 of this topic, but I am not sure that TPTB at GoT know what to do with the women that GRRM has created.  They can't seem to grasp innocence, kindness, fragility, femininity, grace, shyness, naivete.  The story of Robb and Jeyne could have been abbreviated but retained.  Why not have an honorable boy fall in love with a sweet guileless girl?  Who didn't feel bad for her in Jaime's chapter?  Who didn't secretly applaud Jaime for word-slapping Old Lady Westerling for using / betraying her own daughter?  who didn't wonder what Jeyne would do if she ever found out to what extent her mother's hands were bloody?This storyline was really gutted of all its emotional impact. Instead, we have foreign Berkeley student hooking up all modern like with the hot internet billionaire who wants to use his money to establish charities...wait...I mean, Volantis Talisa and King of the North Robb.  Yawn.
					
					
							Edited by A Song of Hound and Wolves, 04 June 2012 - 07:10 PM.
4627	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Jaime and Cersei and incestuous relation which is an abomination before men and gods
 Brienne and Renly an unrequited love
Littlefinger and Catelyn-perhaps when they were young, but corrupted beyond all measure through the story
 Sam and Gilly-I will give you that there is something to a traditional romantic story there BUT Sam or Gilly are not Nobles in their roles
 Jon and Ygritte-I will it was somewhat traditional along the lines of Romeo and Juliet, BUT Jon and Ygritte are not Nobles in their roles
Jorah and Dany a relationshp t"hat went nowhere and smacked of being "wrong,"
Dany and Drogo nonsense the pursuit phase of the romance consisted of being sold
4628	jons nissa	2012-06-04	I agree, I have enough of fanatism on this forum... yeah, everyone has the right to give his opinions, but that is becoming silly... the show is a masterpiece of television and like I said earlier, the core and the essence of the books are still here, this is a true example of an amazing adaptation, and I wish people would start to understand this, that books and videos are definitly not the same support and all the tiny changes are what they are: tiny changes not changing drasticly the story.But I have been shouting that aloud too much in the void and for the vain this past weeks, I am tired of it...take heart arkash. i think some fans may see the series differently after its completed. right now, there is still so much uncertainty about how things will end and what's really important and when it is important. i suppose many are finding it hard to accept that things may go differently than they anticipated. i think that's what a lot of the anger is about.it was inevitable to have unhappy campers since it is impossible to adapt a book for the screen exactly as it was written. grrm said that many many many times in interviews. i'm hoping things will calm down soon but it may take as long as another season or two.le sigh.
					
					
							Edited by jon's nissa, 04 June 2012 - 07:12 PM.
4629	Hedge Lawyer	2012-06-04	Some of the changes this season were irritating (e.g. the changes to Littlefinger, no chain, Jon seeing Craster's sacrifice, an apple instead of a peach, etc.), others were pleasant surprises (e.g. Dany's new and improved Qarth adventure).  Overall, the show is still very much recognizable as ASoIaF.  The story is still going in the same direction, and all of the major plot points have been hit (with the noted omission of the prophecies, which may be included in later seasons).  The second season had problems, but I attribute most of them to trying to cram 15 episodes worth of material into a 10 episode season.  However, splitting ASoS into two seasons will do wonders to address that problem.
I'm a book fan, but I'm also a show fan.  I'll eagerly await season 3, just like I'll eagerly await The Winds of Winter.
4630	Castel	2012-06-04	This is a really good observation, Jolene Brown. I have a non-reader husband who basically said, "What the heck?" (only more crudely) to the development of this relationship. He thinks it is bizarre that she just wanders in and out of his tent whenever she wants.I'm convinced that they're deliberately weakening Robb to make... the "event" less of a surprise.Jaime and Cersei and incestuous relation which is an abomination before men and godsBrienne and Renly an unrequited loveLittlefinger and Catelyn-perhaps when they were young, but corrupted beyond all measure through the storySam and Gilly-I will give you that there is something to a traditional romantic story there BUT Sam or Gilly are not Nobles in their rolesJon and Ygritte-I will it was somewhat traditional along the lines of Romeo and Juliet, BUT Jon and Ygritte are not Nobles in their rolesJorah and Dany a relationshp t"hat went nowhere and smacked of being "wrong,"Dany and Drogo nonsense the pursuit phase of the romance consisted of being sold They all however love each other and are romantic in their own way. I think what you mean is clean, PC, non-dysfunctional romance. That's a whole other thing entirely.
4631	Xray the Enforcer	2012-06-04	[mod] DISCUSSING EACH OTHER STOPS NOW. End of. No more "haters this" and "fanboys that" and everything in between. Discuss the show ONLY. I will happily ban you if you cannot follow these simple directions. Thank you. [/mod]
					
					
							Edited by ZbA3j Xray, 04 June 2012 - 07:19 PM.
4632	Valkyrja	2012-06-04	People can't help it if they are disappointed. Sometimes one's expectations don't even seem all that high....until they are crushed to bits. I still remember being so incredibly disappointed after the changes in The Two Towers (to Faramir and Aragorn's characters) that I *cried* in the shower after I came back from the cinema. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Everyone has their favourite characters and parts of the story  that are important to them. It just sucks that what is important to me (and obvious a number of others) is obviously NOT important to D&D.
4633	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I agree, I have enough of fanatism on this forum... yeah, everyone has the right to give his opinions, but that is becoming silly... the show is a masterpiece of television and like I said earlier, the core and the essence of the books are still here, this is a true example of an amazing adaptation, and I wish people would start to understand this, that books and videos are definitly not the same support and all the tiny changes are what they are: tiny changes not changing drasticly the story.But I have been shouting that aloud too much in the void and for the vain this past weeks, I am tired of it...
4634	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	I agree with the OP.....folks can make fun of 'purists' all they want, but I consider myself merely a fan of the series who has invested over a decade into reading about and caring about these characters. To see the poor characterization and character changes (for no reason whatsoever other than the whims of D&D), breaks my heart. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />If others enjoy the show, I am happy for them. I soooo wanted to love it this season, but I just can't. That breaks my heart too. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Last year, I actively discouraged my friends from reading before watching because I thought they would enjoy it more as non-readers.  By the second episode of this season, I realized that I probably saved them from having the same bad taste the season was leaving in my mouth.I don't begrudge the people who are enjoying the show.  I hope they do!  But I...did not.  There are many people on this forum whose posts I have been reading for a long time, whose opinions I respect.  And I am thankful to be able to come here and share in the grieving process over this season that was so full of potential from the book-readers' perspective and so utterly failed (in my opinion). Wow, that should make things pleasant for those who actually enjoy the show despite the relatively minor changes. If this adaptation is such an affront to you, perhaps you should put your money where your mouth is (literally), and stop watching altogether? All of the coverage about the television show on this site will surely be a pure joy to read through going forward; more so than it already was, of course...This post in unnecessarily harsh, sarcastic and doesn't advance the discussion at all.  If you would like to articulate a defense of the show or an opinion on the season or the finale, please do.  But don't come onto the forums into a Topic posting that states in it's title what the opinion of the OP is, and proceed to attack the OP.
4635	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	Jaime and Cersei and incestuous relation which is an abomination before men and godsBrienne and Renly an unrequited loveLittlefinger and Catelyn-perhaps when they were young, but corrupted beyond all measure through the storySam and Gilly-I will give you that there is something to a traditional romantic story there BUT Sam or Gilly are not Nobles in their rolesJon and Ygritte-I will it was somewhat traditional along the lines of Romeo and Juliet, BUT Jon and Ygritte are not Nobles in their rolesJorah and Dany a relationshp t"hat went nowhere and smacked of being "wrong,"Dany and Drogo nonsense the pursuit phase of the romance consisted of being soldMy point is not the quality of each relationship but the degree of passion exhibited by at least one of the pairing (or fantasy pairing in Brienne's and Jorah's case - and it occurs to me that the Hound and Sansa might be another example) and that this leads them to do things which are quite alien to their role in society - 'noble' or not.So love in the modern sense (which was actually invented by medieval troubadors and courtiers) - though often unrequited and usually leading to betrayal and death is like it or not a major theme, Robb and Talisa is IMO poorly executed but hardly alien to the spirit of the books.
4636	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I agree, I have enough of fanatism on this forum... yeah, everyone has the right to give his opinions, but that is becoming silly... the show is a masterpiece of television and like I said earlier, the core and the essence of the books are still here, this is a true example of an amazing adaptation, and I wish people would start to understand this, that books and videos are definitly not the same support and all the tiny changes are what they are: tiny changes not changing drasticly the story.But I have been shouting that aloud too much in the void and for the vain this past weeks, I am tired of it...Masterpiece of television?HardlyFirst season?  Certainly ranks up there. This season GoT is living off its past reputation and the reputation of the source and has sunk to a good show.  Nowhere near masterpiece.The sets and costumes are terrific, the acting for the most part is very good.  The settings of the story have ranged from excellent to bizarre (sorry the fist setting makes ZERO sense) The story in season 2?  average to good at best.  Too many cliches, too many inconsistencies.
4637	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	My point is not the quality of each relationship but the degree of passion exhibited by at least one of the pairing (or fantasy pairing in Brienne's and Jorah's case - and it occurs to me that the Hound and Sansa might be another example) and that this leads them to do things which are quite alien to their role in society - 'noble' or not.So love in the modern sense (which was actually invented by medieval troubadors and courtiers) - though often unrequited and usually leading to betrayal and death is like it or not a major theme,Robb and Talisa is IMO poorly executed but hardly alien to the spirit of the books.I disagree, the pursuit shown by Robb is completely alien to GRRMs world.  There are no other noble characters that pursue their romantic interests in such modern traditional paths and from what I understand of GRRM he dislikes in literature and television.
4638	ChristophUL	2012-06-04	I will enjoy the show no matter.  I do not look at it as an adaptation but as its own being.  I never thought the series would be based exactly on the books, it would be impossible. Dany did have a weak line but I think season three will revive my spirits.  I assume she will conquer only one or maybe two of the Slaver cities but am very excited.  Now Jon is a different story.  I believe he will lose himself among the wildlings and a certain event will force him to realize he commitment to the Night's Watch.  I am probably completely wrong but it makes no matter.
4639	woweezowee	2012-06-04	I think the show is great fun. It has some problems, but is still better than most other things on tv.The OP, as with a number of other posts which are not just critical of the show but furious with it, made me think the following:Take a step back. This is, in all likelihood, the best fantasy tv show ever to exist. It is, for the most part, wonderfully acted. It has some great dialogue, some great scenes, it looks stunning. Enjoy it. Not enjoying it, spending months picking over perceived problems and getting upset by changes, is a waste. Not a waste of everyone else's time, but a waste of yours.p.s. to re-emphasise what I said in my last post, the HOTU prophecies will almost certainly make an appearance next season in any case.
4640	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	Yeah sure, and you do understand it, right? Still they're so lucky that you give them the benefit of the doubt, poor show runners, they so clearly lack the intelligence to understand that incredible complex source material that only people lucky enough to be a user on westeros.org can.I can only go by what they spoke of in the episode guide.  Perhaps you could present some evidence of their perception of Jon seeking a father figure, cause I simply see none and I have presented evidence that Jon had several powerful father figures-Ned, Rodrik, Luwin to say nothing of him specifically being raised as the son of a lord (albeit a bastard) ie to be raised as a leader of men with a concentration on honor and duty.  The perception that jon was seeking a father figure is well, just odd.  Jon was certainly motivated as a bastard and to an extent naivite and his role in the world, but that does not equate to seeking a father figure.
4641	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I am used to posting on some tough blogs so some slams at my intelligence, my maternal heritage and my cleanliness dont bother me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  But if we could all (on  both sides of the argument) refrain from personalizing attacks that would benefit us all.
4642	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-06-04	The more I dwell on the whole thing, the more irritated I become.  I am pretty damn sure that I posted theories on how the episodes would end, that would not only include references to book mystery, but would also let the non-reader into that mystery without causing confusion.  Not only that, it would have probably cost less budget-wise.
When I watch with non-readers, and explain the differences, they are usually like "What?!  Why didn't they put that in the show?"
I really should be hired on to the writing staff.
4643	One Hand Clapping	2012-06-04	I disagree, the pursuit shown by Robb is completely alien to GRRMs world.  There are no other noble characters that pursue their romantic interests in such modern traditional paths and from what I understand of GRRM he dislikes in literature and television.And what pray is a 'modern traditional path' - modern and traditional are generally dichotomies. Poorly written though I think the Talisa relationship is it is hardly so different from Robb bringing about the same plot result by shagging the daughter of a minor enemy lordling and then marrying her. In both cases Robb is marrying beneath himself and dishonouring a solemn treaty.And come to think of it here's another exact example - poor Tyrion and his whore-wife (and Tyrion was probably about the same age as Robb when he married her).Anyway I can see little point contributing further to a forum where my and others posts are being deleted seemingly at random.
4644	kairparavel	2012-06-04	re: posts/thread deletions in the past few hours it most assuredly is not based on who is on which side.Also, sad my post and others all over the forum are gone.It's a board-wide issue since Sparks moved to different hardware.See her post here.
					
					
							Edited by kairparavel, 04 June 2012 - 07:49 PM.
4645	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	what I am refering to is a noble man pursuing his heart.  That is a "modern traditional" as in  modern conception of romance and love and traditional as in man pursuing woman or woman pursues man in legitimately acceptable norms (ie non incest, non abusive).
GRRM has created a world where that simply does not exist (and I believe he bases that on history).  There are no other NOBLE characters in his world that do this.  That is intentional on his part.  Therefore I believe the Robb Talissa relationship is an anachronism for his works.
4646	The Other Knight	2012-06-04	I couldn't stop laughing after reading someone's accusation against HBO for "disrespecting" the material.
4647	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	And what pray is a 'modern traditional path' - modern and traditional are generally dichotomies.Poorly written though I think the Talisa relationship is it is hardly so different from Robb bringing about the same plot result by shagging the daughter of a minor enemy lordling and then marrying her.In both cases Robb is marrying beneath himself and dishonouring a solemn treaty.And come to think of it here's another exact example - poor Tyrion and his whore-wife (and Tyrion was probably about the same age as Robb when he married her).Anyway I can see little point contributing further to a forum where my and others posts are being deleted seemingly at random.oh and the difference is a moment of weakness brought on by wounding and grief resulting in a crises of honor and PURSUING a love interest for weeks on end.  that PURSUIT is what I find anachronistic to GRRMs story
4648	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	We have, as of yet, not had a single mention of either the Song of Ice and Fire or the Prince that was Promised in the series. What more, not only did they cut out the visions, they cut the whole prophecy. So far, all we have gotten for Dany is an abbreviated version of Mirri Maz Duur's prophecy.So, they continue to cut out the past from the story and in addition to that they also cut out most of the prophecies. Both these are very significant elements of the story. Whatever the producers and writers might think, A Song of Ice and Fire isn't just about battles and boobs.The past still matters, it enriches and makes the present more poignant. We'll likely never see Rhaegar now, not to mention Elia. What viewers will care about them? What viewers will care about Rhaegar and Lyanna when they ultimately have to become more important to the story? What viewers will care particularly about the Martells without any establishing of Elia?I think Rhaegar will still show up and say his two important lines. Have faith we are in season 2. A non-book reader would have no idea who Rhaegar is. Next season Barristan Selmy will prly show up and have long conversations about him build up his character. Then at some point once we know who he is and what he looks like the showrunners will have a scene where she sees him and he says the lines. I mean they are important lines you cant just throw them at the end of season two and have a non book reader be able to grasp the importance of who that is and what he is saying. It takes more time then that.
4649	Powerslave	2012-06-04	I haven't read the books still, but I can see why people are unhappy. I loved both season one and season two, however, I can't shake of the feeling that ten episodes are too few for this story and these books. While watching this show, I always feel like the scenes should be longer, except for some that should be shorter, but it's like the writers of the show make the most boring scenes the longest!
I honestly think that these books need at least 20 episodes per season. "Blackwater" was the best episode of this season for sure, and it's because they used an hour just for it! I would have loved if Daenerys had a full episode just for her for the ending of the season.
Still, can't wait for the third season!
					
					
							Edited by Powerslave, 04 June 2012 - 07:59 PM.
4650	ikriti	2012-06-04	I agree with the op completely. Some of this stuff they changed you cant go back on. What the hell happened between last year and this year? It was as perfect as i have ever seen a book to tv series could go and they decide to change so many things around this year. Theon's and Jon's storyline were butchered horrifically. Dany's HotU was catastrophically disappointing. Shae, Brienne, Jaimie, Robb, LF... ALL BUTCHERED. That final scene with sam was incredibly retarded. This is terribly disappointing and if I see more trainwreck decisions next year I'm done with it. What a shame.... 
... wtf :/
4651	Lady of Long Lake	2012-06-04	I've gotten to a point where I'm watching the series to see certain actors do their lines. The story isn't the main draw anymore for me because their adaption disappoints me.
But I can't give up on the show because I love watching Peter, Maisie, Kit and Lena say their lines. They are truly gifted actors and watching them perform gives me joy. ( Even if the show doesn't give me joy LOL!)
4652	birdsong66	2012-06-04	By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause. Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it. So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact.I think having him assume the mantle his father left, becoming King, leading an army against a vast enemy, and doing so out of honor and duty was what made me, personally, sympathetic to Robb and his cause.  I can even remain sympathetic with the Jayne scenario.  But the Talisa scenario is another matter altogether.  Ultimately, the HBO version of this union was completely uninteresting to me, and the marriage seems more in the vein of a child rebelling against his parents, than a "you complete me" love match.  I'm just not sympathetic to HBORobb, which is kinda sad because I liked the character D&D created.Honestly, what did me in was the exchange between Robb and Catelyn in the finale.  He went from defiant and rebellious to outright cruelty.  I simply did not care for it.  And, what, one rash move forgives another?  What are you, five?  It also occurs to me that Catelyn, the only woman who does not use either tears or a vagina to manipulate people into doing what she wants, on HBO, is left with very little dialogue or purpose by the end of the season.  Neutered, mute, sexless, unable to defend herself, stupid, useless, interfering, blah, blah, blah.  Thanks for that.  I don not believe this was GRRM's purpose, but whatever.I've yet to see this mentioned:  Littlefinger telling Sansa that he intends to help her go back to Winterfell.  Another epic reveal lost to the void.I'm glad I have the books and my imagination.
4653	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	for those defending season 2, can anyone defend noone ever refering to Brienne as wench?  I meand that seemingly was significant in the book and wouldnt have taken much screen time.
4654	FierceElite	2012-06-04	I think Rhaegar will still show up and say his two important lines. Have faith we are in season 2. A non-book reader would have no idea who Rhaegar is. Next season Barristan Selmy will prly show up and have long conversations about him build up his character. Then at some point once we know who he is and what he looks like the showrunners will have a scene where she sees him and he says the lines. I mean they are important lines you cant just throw them at the end of season two and have a non book reader be able to grasp the importance of who that is and what he is saying. It takes more time then that.Why would they not know who he is? Robert and Ned talked about him, as well as Dany and Jorah.
4655	Clueless Northman	2012-06-04	I think a clear distinction should be made here.When some people say the series is becoming quite a bad adaptation, they don't mean that people who enjoy the show are stupid, worthless or anything else like that. They just mean that the adaptation is bad, and that's it. People who enjoy the show simply value it as a TV show and not as an adaptation - which is trickier to do when youre a big and long-time fan. None of these 2 points of view are bad or wrong per se, as far as I can tell.And it's quite frustrating that this last episode can be such a disappointment, adpatation-wise, because it comes right after what is arguably the best episode so far, and good casting news about Season 3 showing that most secondary characters will be in - some being merely postponed not to crowd even more Season 2.(and we have been given no evidence whatsoever that she is a Lannister spy).Well, we know Tywin has a spy in Robb's camp, and at this point it wouldn't be Roose. He won't risk direct communication as long as he's not on his own campaigning far from Robb.In the same episode where Tywin reads this letter, we see, 20 mins later, Talisa busy writing a message when Robb comes to her and chats. Catelyn comes next, and Talisa tries to put aside and hide her half-written letter - apparently, she didn't think Robb would mistrust her, but feared Catelyn might be more curious.That's far from a definitive clue, but that's quite weird. I actually expected her to be Jeyne Westerling sent by her parents to spy on Robb under fake identity, and assumed after a time, she would trust Robb, admire him, reveal her treason and expect punishment - which Robb wouldn't do, showing how merciful he is. Love affair ensues.I'm convinced that they're deliberately weakening Robb to make... the "event" less of a surprise.That would be a terrible idea, in my opinion.I really don't see why they would do it. Unless they think their viewers are scared 5-y old that would cry to their mommy and never again watch HBO.
4656	Howdyphillip	2012-06-04	I agree with the op completely. Some of this stuff they changed you cant go back on. What the hell happened between last year and this year? It was as perfect as i have ever seen a book to tv series could go and they decide to change so many things around this year. Theon's and Jon's storyline were butchered horrifically. Dany's HotU was catastrophically disappointing. Shae, Brienne, Jaimie, Robb, LF... ALL BUTCHERED. That final scene with sam was incredibly retarded. This is terribly disappointing and if I see more trainwreck decisions next year I'm done with it. What a shame....... wtf :/The look back on last year as the "perfect" adaptation of the book is nothing more than revisionism. There was the same amount of lamenting the changes in the story last year as there were this year. The difference is that now, there are long time apologists switching over to find fault with the adaptations.I remain an apologist, but I completely understand the frustration
4657	Le Cygne	2012-06-04	Linda, I agree with your post!
Another big departure from ASOIAF was making Jaime Lannister a kinslayer.  
And the more I think of it, I wonder what they will do with his dream in book 3.  Will this be like the HOTU scene, stripped of meaning?  Or perhaps they won't bother to spend time on it at all.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 04 June 2012 - 10:53 PM.
4658	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	Why would they not know who he is? Robert and Ned talked about him, as well as Dany and Jorah.Because the average viewer doesn't pay attention as well as we the readers of the books. Rhaegar is very important. An average viewer isn't going to remeber or understand how good of a person Rhaegar was with a few lines from season one. Its going to take time. And thats where Barristan Selmy comes in. If for the next 3 seasons we hear how great of a person, how noble, how smart, how great he was the average viewer will start thinking damn they keep talking about this guy wish we knew him. Then once they do show Rhaegar the average viewer will know forsure who he is by that point have been waiting and hoping to see him. And then when they finally show him and he says "The Prince that was Promised" and "The dragon has three heads" they will understand Dany better find someone else to ride her dragons and find the prince that was promise because Rhaegar the guy who they have only heard great and wonderful things about for 5 seasons said so and she best damn listen.
4659	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	There is something I have to say to those complaining about the complaining.
We all love ASOIAF, we wouldnt be here if we di
We come here to discuss the books and the show.
We are expressing our feelings about our perceptions on the show.  If you cannot take the criticisms you should ignore them and avoid the threads
Sometimes criticisms are valid, sometimes they are invalid, sometimes we learn a thing or two discussing things we think are wrong but see in another perspective.
The forum is, in part, a place for fans to gather to discuss something they love and sometimes that involves expressing our negative views on stuff.  Of course this is not life or death, but it is something that has meaning to us. 
So please let us discuss the show as we want to.
4660	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	There is something I have to say to those complaining about the complaining.We all love ASOIAF, we wouldnt be here if we diWe come here to discuss the books and the show.We are expressing our feelings about our perceptions on the show.  If you cannot take the criticisms you should ignore them and avoid the threadsSometimes criticisms are valid, sometimes they are invalid, sometimes we learn a thing or two discussing things we think are wrong but see in another perspective.The forum is, in part, a place for fans to gather to discuss something they love and sometimes that involves expressing our negative views on stuff.  Of course this is not life or death, but it is something that has meaning to us.So please let us discuss the show as we want to.I agree. I have no problem with people saying they disliked the episode or saying they won't watch the show anymore. I just hope people understand that elements of the books will be pushed back and forward so a person who hasn't read the books can keep up. I watch it with a dozen or so people who haven't read the books and they think its the best thing put on television in the past decade.I just don't want readers to give up on the show, because their favorite scenes get cut short of what they were in the book. The books will be always be better of course because one chapter has more information then one episode. Sure the Half-Hand didnt have ghost bite his leg. But, is it really that big of a deal? Seven words he said to Jon and those seven words will drive him all next season "We are the watchers on the wall". The essence of what being a mans of the nights watch is all in those words.And a lot of the important elements have been pushed back to give them more significance. Everybody loves a lot of the HotU material in the book. I feel the show runners thought. Hey instead of putting this all in one episode and overwhealming the viewer. Lets take a breather and wait and slowly build up some of these visons so that when we do reveal them readers will rejoice and average joes will understand.
4661	Mulled Wino	2012-06-04	oh and the difference is a moment of weakness brought on by wounding and grief resulting in a crises of honor and PURSUING a love interest for weeks on end.  that PURSUIT is what I find anachronistic to GRRMs storySo jon didnt pursue his nurse?  How long was she tending to his wounds?This is such a ridiculous gripe to me.  Imo he looks just as dumb either way.  He sells out the north for some nurse he banged's honor or he sells out the north for some chick he falls in love with.  Both beyond dumb.
4662	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2012-06-04	I think a clear distinction should be made here.When some people say the series is becoming quite a bad adaptation, they don't mean that people who enjoy the show are stupid, worthless or anything else like that. They just mean that the adaptation is bad, and that's it. People who enjoy the show simply value it as a TV show and not as an adaptation - which is trickier to do when youre a big and long-time fan. None of these 2 points of view are bad or wrong per se, as far as I can tell.Well said!   /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4663	congokong	2012-06-04	You can't please book fans?
Yes you can. I was pleased with s1.
The plots will come eventually; just not in the order you want.
No. Is Quorin going to tell Jon now to ride with them?
Don't complain about it?
What is the point of message boards then? To just kiss D&D's ass and not mention when their writing sucks?
Don't like it, don't watch it.
Good point. Maybe I won't.
4664	Reposado	2012-06-04	The look back on last year as the "perfect" adaptation of the book is nothing more than revisionism. There was the same amount of lamenting the changes in the story last year as there were this year. The difference is that now, there are long time apologists switching over to find fault with the adaptations.I remain an apologist, but I completely understand the frustrationthe difference, is that season one was much better done in general. people wouldnt be complaing about changes so much if what we saw on the screen in season two had worked as a tv show
4665	Dacie	2012-06-04	I am genuinely curious (not being bitchy or a smartass or whatever) as to why some people who defend the changes, particularly in the HotU, feel that TV only fans couldn't understand the prophesies or keep track of so many characters.  This is a story; it is wonderfully complex, layered, and multifaceted, yes.  But it is still just a story.  I don't know why we should automatically assume it needs to be dumbed down for a TV audience.  I mean, this ain't nuclear fission.  The non-book readers I know have actually been bored with a lot of this season.  Putting in some of the visions would give them a lot to think on and dissect between now and season 3 /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
4666	Reposado	2012-06-04	I think a clear distinction should be made here.When some people say the series is becoming quite a bad adaptation, they don't mean that people who enjoy the show are stupid, worthless or anything else like that. They just mean that the adaptation is bad, and that's it. People who enjoy the show simply value it as a TV show and not as an adaptation - which is trickier to do when youre a big and long-time fan.i value it more as an adaption than as a tv show. i'm enjoying seeing scenes that i love recreated, but it is failing as a tv show in a lot of ways
4667	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	for me I will continue to watch the show, if for no other reason than the wonderful feeling of outrage I feel when they change something.
and now that the westeros board has been udpated I dont have to wait 24 hours to express my outrage!
4668	Whatisdeadmayneverdie	2012-06-04	I am genuinely curious (not being bitchy or a smartass or whatever) as to why some people who defend the changes, particularly in the HotU, feel that TV only fans couldn't understand the prophesies or keep track of so many characters.  This is a story; it is wonderfully complex, layered, and multifaceted, yes.  But it is still just a story.  I don't know why we should automatically assume it needs to be dumbed down for a TV audience.  I mean, this ain't nuclear fission.  The non-book readers I know have actually been bored with a lot of this season.  Putting in some of the visions would give them a lot to think on and dissect between now and season 3 /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I don't think most wouldn't understand it. I think a lot of people wouldn't understand its importance in the overall picture. Hearing "the dragon must have 3 heads" this season finale wouldn't be that good. Because next season is all about building her army. Not finding two other riders.
4669	King Rickon and his Dawg	2012-06-04	Damn some people are acting like this show was made just for them and has to follow every last detail of the books to satisfy them. Come on. Yes, they completely butchered the Jon/Qhorin storyline. However, I think they've done an outstanding job with the portrayal of Ygritte. Yes, the house of the undying was extremely underwhelming. But I acknowledge that prophecy is much more subtle in books than it can ever be in media. Yes, the Winterfell sack makes zero sense right now. But I think Alfie Allen has done an OUTSTANDING job this season as Theon. He's done an excellent job relating the absolute shit hand Theon has been dealt. Overall there have been great ups and some very disappointing downs this season, but honestly I think more than anything it's highlighted the flaws of the second book. Also, I think that the White Walker looked very cool and I love that they moved that segment up into the finale.
4670	Sxxman	2012-06-04	for those defending season 2, can anyone defend noone ever refering to Brienne as wench?  I meand that seemingly was significant in the book and wouldnt have taken much screen time.I'm not going to defend it because I don't care, I don't view the books and every line inside it as gospel.  Those little things mean nothing to me, they might mean a lot to you, it's just a matter of perspective.  As for your purpose right now (to watch just to complain), that is not productive at all.	You are looking for every little detail to nitpick about and though you have every right to do that, what you are doing is no different from trolling.I hope this comment doesn't get removed because it is not fair for someone to repeatedly gripe just for the sake of griping and when someone tries to call them out, they get censored.
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 04 June 2012 - 09:25 PM.
4671	SimpatiK	2012-06-04	Dany's Qarth story is the dullest in the book series in my opinion. I understand why someone would have a beef with it. they removed my two favorite things about the book, Reek and the freeing of the northmen at harrenhal..
4672	teemo	2012-06-04	I'm not going to defend it because I don't care, I don't view the books and every line inside it as gospel.  Those little things mean nothing to me, they might mean a lot to you, it's just a matter of perspective.  As for your purpose right now (to watch just to complain), that is not productive at all.	You are looking for every little detail to nitpick about and though you have every right to do that, what you are doing is no different from trolling.If he has every right, then why are you complaining?  SerMixalot isn't a troll and I enjoy his posts a lot.
4673	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I respectfully disagree I am exploring a show based ona book that I truly enjoy.  That entertains me.  It entertains me cause I get to think about and examine a piece of art.
That is completely different from coming on a blog and complaining about people's complaints or defenses of said piece of art.
There is adistinct difference between criticizing or defending the show (regardless of the size of the nit) and coming on and criticizing the act of criticism, and that gets especially obscene when it lowers itself ot personal attacks that are expressly verbotten by the administrators of the site.
4674	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	If he has every right, then why are you complaining?  SerMixalot isn't a troll and I enjoy his posts a lot.was it wrong of me to like this post /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4675	Sxxman	2012-06-04	I respectfully disagree I am exploring a show based ona book that I truly enjoy.  That entertains me.  It entertains me cause I get to think about and examine a piece of art.That is completely different from coming on a blog and complaining about people's complaints or defenses of said piece of art.There is adistinct difference between criticizing or defending the show (regardless of the size of the nit) and coming on and criticizing the act of criticism, and that gets especially obscene when it lowers itself ot personal attacks that are expressly verbotten by the administrators of the site.This is not another "nitpick without repercussion" thread, we already have one.  If you want to gripe every day of every week on the changes and have no one challenge you ever, then go there.  I understand that people do sometimes go over the top but it's from both sides. With this thread only those who try and defend the show have been removed.  One guy had an obscene rant that criticized the show but it stayed.  I have no personal quarrel with you but the bar that is set for "obscene" is too low, especially when it only affects one side.
4676	Boromir-Bloodstorm	2012-06-04	I'm not really sure that the drama will have the same ending as the book. In the drama, Dany will certainly end up on the throne. That is how American cinema works - happy endings. Americans don't seem to like realistic or complex plots in cinema, and the drama is made for the masses. If Americans see too many unhappy endings, they'll start going mad worrying that the real world is going to collapse around them. Can't handle it. That's why they mostly don't exist in Hollywood. Things have to be black and white, good and evil, and good always has to win, like in a child's book.Well, books are written by more intelligent and open minded artists than what is produced to feed the mindless masses. Let's hope Martin is not planning on having the book and drama end the same, and Dany will face an actual realistic challenge that she may not survive, like a real, unAmerican world.
					
					
							Edited by Boromir-Bloodstorm, 04 June 2012 - 09:46 PM.
4677	FierceElite	2012-06-04	I'm not going to defend it because I don't care, I don't view the books and every line inside it as gospel.  Those little things mean nothing to me, they might mean a lot to you, it's just a matter of perspective.Yeah, why refer to the books for accuracy? Who cares what happens in those? That's not even the real story. Just cheap spoofs of the show HBO created.
4678	Grunkins	2012-06-04	Can you imagine if the show doesn't get picked up after the 3rd season and the whole show ends with the Red Wedding?
4679	Sxxman	2012-06-04	Yeah, why refer to the books for accuracy? Who cares what happens in those? That's not even the real story. Just cheap spoofs of the show HBO created.How you judge an episode of a show is not how close it is to the source material but how good each episode is on its own merits.
4680	Valkyrja	2012-06-04	Can you imagine if the show doesn't get picked up after the 3rd season and the whole show ends with the Red Wedding?That would actually be awesome. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4681	Grunkins	2012-06-04	That would actually be awesome. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />It kind of would /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
4682	Valkyrja	2012-06-04	How you judge an episode of a show is not how close it is to the source material but how good each episode is on its own merits.It can be argued that many of the episodes in Season Two have *not* stood up on their own as quality television. There have been some very clunky episodes....not just in my view, but I've seen reviewers of the likes of Alan Sepinwall (who seems to want to like the show despite its flaws) voice criticisms about the structure and flow, etc. It is certainly not just book fans who criticize the quality of the tv series.
					
					
							Edited by Valkyrja, 04 June 2012 - 09:45 PM.
4683	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	This is not another "nitpick without repercussion" thread, we already have one.  If you want to gripe every day of every week on the changes and have no one challenge you ever, then go there.  I understand that people do sometimes go over the top but it's from both sides. With this thread only those who try and defend the show have been removed.  One guy had an obscene rant that criticized the show but it stayed.  I have no personal quarrel with you but the bar that is set for "obscene" is too low, especially when it only affects one side.well I believe my gripes have been on topic of this thread, ie the differences in season 2 are so large as to remove the term adaptation from the description of the show.  I have no problem with debating subject matter, but criticising my posts for nitpicking on a subject like this is only valid if the nitpick is irrelevan to the topic.  And your criticism seems geared to the size of the subject and not hte subject of the nitpick, which goes to my point about complaining about complaining.  I have no problem with debating the merits of my arguments in fact i encourage them cause at the least it means people are reading my posts, I have been wrong on occassion and learned a great deal by reading the blogs.I can not speak to the moderation, I have not followed it.  I have an earlier post (I believe on this thread) calling for respectful debate on both sides of the aisle, but any "hypocrisy" in moderating policy should be directed at the administrators as I have no power over the policy nor interest in the implementatin cause harsh posts really dont bother me-trust me I post regularly on blogs that would make Drago cry
4684	Former Lord of Winterfell	2012-06-04	I don't think the Red Wedding was much of a surprise at all when it happened in the books, either.  I tried to convince myself it wasn't really going to happen, but still had that sinking feeling they were doomed.  And if their goal really was to make it less of a surprise, I think they'd have included the relevant scene in the Houses.
Personally, I don't think non-readers shocked by Robb's marriage would have been less shocked had it transpired as it did in the books.  Either way, it was kind if "what the hell were you thinking?"
4685	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	How you judge an episode of a show is not how close it is to the source material but how good each episode is on its own merits.one's judgement on a show is a combination of a. objective quality issues ie acting, sets, editing and b. ones individual criteria for what they want to see. You cannot say how I should judge an episode any more than I can tell you how to judge an episode.
4686	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	It kind of would /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />They should have Bolton grab Robb and fade to blackwith journey playing in the backgroundNow THAT would be EPIC
4687	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I don't think the Red Wedding was much of a surprise at all when it happened in the books, either.  I tried to convince myself it wasn't really going to happen, but still had that sinking feeling they were doomed.  And if their goal really was to make it less of a surprise, I think they'd have included the relevant scene in the Houses.Personally, I don't think non-readers shocked by Robb's marriage would have been less shocked had it transpired as it did in the books.  Eitherrp way, it was kind if "what the hell were you thinking?"I ruined the surprise for myself by reading Wikipedia before I read the book, wont make that mistake next time!
4688	spmoura	2012-06-04	Seriously, you people are crazy. The HOTU sequence in the book is a messy potpourri of meaningless images without any immediate explanation or connection. You only fully get some of them very later on in the book, some of them in the following book, and some of them simply have not being explained yet. If you say you got that sequence in the first time without having to go back at it at least three or for times and without the help of discussion threads, I say you are a liar. It is the very extreme of hardcore fan nitpicking because it is just a hallucinatory moment that can easily be replaced with future characters flashbacks or just storytelling in a wide variety of different ways. The chapter itself was very poorly written, as it was the hole A Clash of Kings to be honest. The episode just had the biggest audience of the entire show ensuring season 3 and 4 according to HBO so you guys are howling to yourselves. Fell free to bash me up but I think you guys should stop being so narrow minded.
4689	Jefferson87	2012-06-04	I'm not really sure that the drama will have the same ending as the book. In the drama, Dany will certainly end up on the throne. That is how American cinema works - happy endings. Americans don't seem to like realistic or complex plots in cinema, and the drama is made for the masses. If Americans see too many unhappy endings, they'll start going mad worrying that the real world is going to collapse around them. Can't handle it. That's why they mostly don't exist in Hollywood. Things have to be black and white, good and evil, and good always has to win, like in a child's book.Well, books are written by more intelligent and open minded artists than what is produced to feed the mindless masses. Let's hope Martin is not planning on having the book and drama end the same, and Dany will face an actual realistic challenge that she may not survive, like a real, unAmerican world.I'm not following this. I've watched a lot of HBO shows in particular. The Sopranos, Deadwood, The Wire, Boardwalk Empire, et cetera. And many of the other popular television shows on right now. Breaking Bad, Mad Men, et cetera. They don't tend to follow this formula of American television that you've accused them of having.
4690	Angalin	2012-06-04	<mod>
If you find a post to be offensive within a reasonable definition, please report it.  There are probably thousands of new posts every day and the mods can't read every one.
There is a difference between nitpicking and discussion why you think the adaptors' choices regarding plot, character development, etc., work or don't work.  This thread is for the latter.
</mod>
4691	Sxxman	2012-06-04	well I believe my gripes have been on topic of this thread, ie the differences in season 2 are so large as to remove the term adaptation from the description of the show.  I have no problem with debating subject matter, but criticising my posts for nitpicking on a subject like this is only valid if the nitpick is irrelevan to the topic.  And your criticism seems geared to the size of the subject and not hte subject of the nitpick, which goes to my point about complaining about complaining.  I have no problem with debating the merits of my arguments in fact i encourage them cause at the least it means people are reading my posts, I have been wrong on occassion and learned a great deal by reading the blogs.I can not speak to the moderation, I have not followed it.  I have an earlier post (I believe on this thread) calling for respectful debate on both sides of the aisle, but any "hypocrisy" in moderating policy should be directed at the administrators as I have no power over the policy nor interest in the implementatin cause harsh posts really dont bother me-trust me I post regularly on blogs that would make Drago cryI'm not going to debate you about whether you should or should not like the show because it's frivolous.  You don't like the show and there is nothing I can say that will change your mind and I like the show and there is nothing that you will say that will change my mind.  Yes I was complaining about your complaining, but that's not wrong since this is not a "nitpick without repercussion" thread.  Actually MOST of your comments DIDN'T refer to whether or not this show was an adaptation, you just used this thread as a platform to gripe about the changes for the sake of griping about the changes without saying "this is why it isn't an adaptation".
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 04 June 2012 - 10:08 PM.
4692	Angalin	2012-06-04	So was it something I said? Or did something happen during Sparks' administrating that has removed my post, MC's post and many other posts from this thread?From what Sparks said in the "board issues of late" thread, some posts were lost in the move to the new server.  Not sure how many or across how many threads.
4693	teemo	2012-06-04	I'm not really sure that the drama will have the same ending as the book. In the drama, Dany will certainly end up on the throne. That is how American cinema works - happy endings. Americans don't seem to like realistic or complex plots in cinema, and the drama is made for the masses. If Americans see too many unhappy endings, they'll start going mad worrying that the real world is going to collapse around them. Can't handle it. That's why they mostly don't exist in Hollywood. Things have to be black and white, good and evil, and good always has to win, like in a child's book.This is...quite insulting to great American television writers.  I have a feeling you have never seen The Sopranos, The Wire, Boss, Breaking Bad, Deadwood, Mad Men, among others.  If you really think David Chase and The Sopranos is like a fairytale, I don't know what to tell you.
4694	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I'm not going to debate you about whether you should or should not like the show because it's frivolous.  You don't like the show and there is nothing I can say that will change your mind and I like the show and there is nothing that you will say that will change my mind.  Yes I was complaining about your complaining, but that's not wrong since this is not a "nitpick without repercussion" thread.  Actually MOST of your comments DIDN'T refer to whether or not this show was an adaptation, you just used this thread as a platform to gripe about the changes for the sake of griping about the changes without saying "this is why it isn't an adaptation".well i would ask for specifics, I believe I discussed specific issues like Jon and Robbs portrayal and how they are not in line with GRRMs products, but if you could point out specific posts I made I could defend them.  Unfortuntaely it is time for bed so perhaps in the morn.
4695	Sxxman	2012-06-04	well i would ask for specifics, I believe I discussed specific issues like Jon and Robbs portrayal and how they are not in line with GRRMs products, but if you could point out specific posts I made I could defend them.  Unfortuntaely it is time for bed so perhaps in the morn."for those defending season 2, can anyone defend noone ever refering to Brienne as wench? I meand that seemingly was significant in the book and wouldnt have taken much screen time. "Did that talk about whether season 2 was an adaptation?
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 04 June 2012 - 10:13 PM.
4696	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	"for those defending season 2, can anyone defend noone ever refering to Brienne as wench? I meand that seemingly was significant in the book and wouldnt have taken much screen time. "Did that talk about whether season 2 was an adaptation?well in a way yes it goes to the adaptatin, cause D&D ignred a very common (and I would say somewhat important) relationship point between J and B.  Removing that comment, which was significant in the scenes between J and B, effects their relationship. Is it huge? No but it does say alot about D&Ds interpretation of the book, Why not include something like that from the books
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 04 June 2012 - 10:20 PM.
4697	Sxxman	2012-06-04	well in a way yes it goes to the adaptatin, cause D&D ignred a very common (and I would say somewhat important) relationship point between J and B.  Removing that comment, which was significant in the scenes between J and B, effects their relationship. Is it huge? No but it does say alot about D&Ds interpretation of the book, Why not include something like that from the booksBut that wasn't what that comment implied, that was more of an open challenge for anyone who says season 2 is good, but I guess it's a gray area and open to interpretation.  However there was that epic debate between you and someone else (forgot who) about Talisa and Robb, it might have started out as an adaptation debate but it very quickly spiraled into whether it made sense or whether it was good.
4698	FierceElite	2012-06-04	Arguing about whether or not he's arguing about adaptation. We have to go deeper.
I think removing the "wench" element is relevant to the OP, since it was a big turning point in Jaime and Brienne's relationship when he stopped calling her wench and used her name for the first time.
4699	King Tommen	2012-06-04	It can be argued that many of the episodes in Season Two have *not* stood up on their own as quality television. There have been some very clunky episodes....not just in my view, but I've seen reviewers of the likes of Alan Sepinwall (who seems to want to like the show despite its flaws) voice criticisms about the structure and flow, etc. It is certainly not just book fans who criticize the quality of the tv series.And I would argue that a large amount of those criticisms from non-readers have come because the television show is attempting to tread as closely to the format of the novels as it possibly can, which consequently is eschewing some of the advantages of the visual medium.  Basically, the two main gripes I've heard in these reviews in Season 2 are that there is far too much jumping around from character to character and we don't get long enough to dwell on the individual storylines before jumping to another setting.  The second one is that there are way too many f'n characters and it is extremely difficult to keep names, relationships, motivations and history straight.  If you were attempting to create an original epic fantasy series for television, there is absolutely no way you would incorporate the number of characters and settings as ASOIAF as it would end up being virtually unfilmable.As in all books, we get the luxury of having access to the narrator's (or in ASOIAF's case multiple POV's) inner monologue so we can better have the motivations, feelings, reminders of history, and internal thoughts spread out over 1000's of pages.  Even if you took 25 episodes to cover a book instead of 10, you would not get around this because there is only so much plot covered off in the ACOK and if TV shows and movies don't have plot points to hit, then they will quickly run out of steam.  You will never be able to impart the same level of information because the TV show simply cannot put you inside the innermost thoughts of all the characters the way the books do.  And once you run out of plot or are attempting to stretch it out over a longer period of time, then you'll have your audience complaining that nobody's doing anything, the characters are spinning their wheels and that the show is boring.   Even this season, you had some of those complaints coming up in the episodes prior to Blackwater which for the most part were simply covering the corresponding chapters in ACOK.ACOK was always going to be the hardest of the first 3 books to adapt because it took the 3-4 settings from Season 1 and essentially doubled them by splitting up most of the characters and introducing new major characters with their own settings and relationships.  And while SoS has just as many storylines to follow, there are far more dramatic plot points to hit with cathartic payoffs (mostly that have been set up through the first 2 seasons).  Season 2 has had the toughest job because it had to set the structure and adjust the audience to the larger scope.  With a SoS being given 20 episodes and much more satisfying plot-driven arcs, it should make for a much smoother adaptation. I would imagine that with more running time to work with, we might start seeing some loosening of the format where we could see 4 or 5 stories addressed each episodes instead of the 8 or so this season with some characters sitting out an episode from time to time.  You'll never get a "Blackwater" type of format because there the books have too much to be covered to remain in one spot for a full 60 minutes but only having to cut back and forth between 4-5 stories would make a world of difference and allow some of them to breathe and not feel like pawns being moved into the next spot because that's where the book says they're supposed to be.Please be aware that nothing of this size and scope has ever been attempted before and because it's the first time, there will most likely be some hiccups along the way.  I'm sure there will be some lessons learned about pacing and characterization that will be applied in Season 3.  But the good part is that the heavy lifting has been done.  The vast majority of the major characters have been introduced to the series and the audience realizes that this is the scope that the show will be dealing in and will adjust accordingly.As for the 1% of the show fandom who live and die by the strict adherence to the source material, the producers aren't here to cater to your whims, however crucial you believe them to be.  They're trying to adapt this almost unadaptable tomb to the television medium because they're also huge fans and want to see the adaptation on the screen.
4700	Sxxman	2012-06-04	Arguing about whether or not he's arguing about adaptation. We have to go deeper.I think removing the "wench" element is relevant to the OP, since it was a big turning point in Jaime and Brienne's relationship when he stopped calling her wench and used her name for the first time.But that wasn't the context in which it was used, it wasn't used to ask whether or not it was an adaptation, it was used to ask whether or not it was a good decision.  I know this because I read the rest of the posts SerMixAlot which had very little to do with answering the adaptation question.
4701	Sxxman	2012-06-04	I counter your wall of text with, "I disagree with every last thing you just said."Oh, okay. Well, as long as your insight is the be all and end all around here.It shouldn't be but if the responses didn't have something like "yes this is an adaption" or "no it isn't an adaptation" then common sense would indicate that that person chose to use this thread as a personal soap box to express opinions that don't answer the OP's question.  You should define somewhere in your initial statement an answer to the OP's question and then gripe about the changes.
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 04 June 2012 - 10:54 PM.
4702	FierceElite	2012-06-04	Meanwhile, you continue to argue, contributing nothing to the OP's topic.
4703	Sxxman	2012-06-04	Meanwhile, you continue to argue, contributing nothing to the OP's topic.Nice try expect my debate with SerMixaLot isthe fact that there was no connection between his griping and actually answering the question.  My original post on the first page did answer the question, because I concluded that they were adapting the series not each individual book.
4704	Honey Badger	2012-06-05	Don't agree with the assertion that it's no longer an adaptation.  Even with the Red Wedding vision and other moments left out, it still follows the general flow of the books, even if some details are left out.  I still like the show although I recognize the books are better.  
One thing I am hopeful for is they'll have another shot at tightening up Feast and Dance.  Those are some fairly clunky books compared to the first three, so maybe we'll see some improvements, similar to how show Dany seems to be a better character than book Dany.
4705	Silmarien	2012-06-05	also, some friends of mine who don't read the novels were completely convinced that Stannis was dead after the Blackwater. Because they couldn't understand how it is he managed to get out of KL once the Tyrell/Lannister calvary arrived seeing as how he was fighting on the castle walls when they showed up. But apparently Stannis and three of his men managed to cut their way out of a city during a siege, unscathed.and don't get me wrong I LOVED TV STANNIS GOING OVER THE WALL but my logical side knew that it was bad writing because it would be impossible to explain his escaping with his life without being taken captive. and yet there he is, not a scratch on him talking to mel about visions in the flames.Ok, but GRRM wrote that.  He didn't HAVE to write it that way, but he did.  Why are you complaining about a change GRRM himself made?
4706	Jolene Brown	2012-06-05	Ok, but GRRM wrote that.  He didn't HAVE to write it that way, but he did.  Why are you complaining about a change GRRM himself made?From the interview with the director, it sounds like it was not actually written that way in the script, but added on set, didn't it?
4707	Punchslap	2012-06-05	Maybe I'm missing something, but I didn't interpret the thread as intending a discussion of Linda's opinion (she clearly understands it's an adaptation in the most literal sense, but she's critiquing its quality), but rather a place for those who agree with it to chime in and support it.  Given the strong feelings on either side of the issue I don't know what is gained through the debate.  The vitriol is remarkable.  I don't agree with Linda, but I can imagine being in her shoes and how upsetting it must be seeing the only adaptation likely ever to be made of the books fall short in her estimation.  What can anyone say to that, other than there are still books to look forward too?
4708	Shinjuku Thief	2012-06-05	Its a tv show its not same story get it through your head its got to be addpted for tv books and tv and other media not the same.Get it through your head that even people who love the books understand that changes need to be made to accommodate a different medium. However, many of the choices made regarding changes and omissions have ranged from head-scratching at best to flat-out poor.
4709	Caligula_K2	2012-06-05	I'm sorry, I haven't read through this whole thread. But to the OP: Please don't be overdramatic. Yes, this is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, so please don't be silly. Every single major character is in the same position they were in at the end of A Clash of Kings- Tyrion is recuperating, having been pushed aside; Sansa is no longer engaged to Joffrey; Bran is heading to the Wall; Jon has killed Quorin Halfhand and is joining the Wildlings; etc... Now, there have been changes, it's true. Some I've liked and some I haven't- the handling of the sack of Winterfell left a lot to be desired, IMO, and I do think they should have introduced Ramsay Bolton. I thought the House of the Undying stuff was actually very well done- I think it would have been an impossible scene to present onscreen as it is in the book, and I loved the shot of the Red Keep, destroyed and covered in ice and snow. That being said, you disliked the changes and that's fine and I understand where you're coming from. Just try to... umm... remain calm. The season was still A Clash of Kings, and in my opinion, was damn good television. Was it better than season 1? Maybe not, but I think they did a pretty fantastic job with what is, in many ways, the hardest of the first three books to put on TV. Claiming that the changes that they've made have completely compromised the story and that it's not even an adaptation of the books anymore is like claiming that the Lord of the Rings movies gutted the books because they had that stupid section where Aragorn falls off a cliff.
So I'd say that for every one thing I think the writers did wrong this season, they got six right. That's pretty damn good. And the amazing feeling I got watching the battle of the Blackwater brought to life more than outweighs my slight boredom with where they took the Jeyne Westerling plot.
And I agree with the poster above who says that if anything, the show fails most when it tries too hard to be like the novel. Shoving every character in each episode in small bits instead of focusing on three-four per episode is what dragged this season down the most. Although I don't like the idea of a twenty episode Storm of Swords, which I think will have major pacing problems, I'm also hopeful that they're more willing to do what they did in the Blackwater episode.
					
					
							Edited by Caligula_K2, 05 June 2012 - 01:19 AM.
4710	teemo	2012-06-05	But to the OP: Please don't be overdramatic. Yes, this is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, so please don't be silly. Wow.  How insulting.  You realize who the OP is, right?  This is someone who CREATED this site for all of us, who has loved these books with all of her heart for years and years, and she finds this devastating, FOR GOOD REASON.  To call her silly and overdramatic is just....wow.  I can't believe how disrespectful and patronizing people are being here.  It's kind of disgusting, to be honest.
4711	MysticWind	2012-06-05	I love posting on this forum even though I think of the book as basically extended lore info because I personally have no inclination to wade through it myself because my reading backlog is long enough already.I am the Lord of the Rings fan who doesn't know what the Silmarillion is nor cares about Tom Bombadil.I am the watcher of the Watchmen who doesn't know anything about psychic space squids.I am the 99%. And I am the one taking the piss out of zealous fans. You love the books but who cares? A show taking liberties with the source material won't take anything away from the original material. Maybe twenty years from now there will be a remake of the Game of Thrones that will be three times longer and will be slavishly faithful to the source adaptation. (Imagine the special effects and budget that hypothetical future series will have!) This show, this HBO effort, it's not the last word on the books. Why so mad?There are way terrible adaptations in the world out there to get mad about, like The Last Airbender. Fan outrage is the funniest thing.
4712	Jory	2012-06-05	I'm talking about Stannis here, but it really applies to most of the other characters. Do you get "justice" from Stannis? In the show, I mean. Do you get that Stannis' goal is justice? Do we even really know why Stannis wants the throne? Stannis has a line about justice for Jon Arryn and Ned Stark - that's gone. Why? Why take that out when it's so important for establishing the character's goals. It's just... eh. Oh well.
4713	Caligula_K2	2012-06-05	Wow.  How insulting.  You realize who the OP is, right?  This is someone who CREATED this site for all of us, who has loved these books with all of her heart for years and years, and she finds this devastating, FOR GOOD REASON.  To call her silly and overdramatic is just....wow.  I can't believe how disrespectful and patronizing people are being here.  It's kind of disgusting, to be honest.Yes, she created the site. I am grateful for that. That is entirely irrelevant thought to what I think of the ideas she expressed in her post. I can still think that she is being overdramatic when she states that this is no longer an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, and I posted my reasons why. You clearly disagree with me, but you can address those reasons instead of saying... she's the creator of the site? So we can't disagree with her? I also love these books.My larger point is that I think a lot of fans are missing the forest for the trees. I understand some people are dissapointed, and I'm sorry about that. It's not like I think this is the greatest TV show of all time and that this was the greatest TV season of all time. It definitely has its flaws. But there's a lot that the series has done right, and that I think fans should be able to enjoy. So of course it's fine to criticize what you don't like, but why wallow in the negative? Why do a couple of changes you don't like suddenly make this the worst show ever and not a good adaptation and ruin all the wonderful scenes and moments in the show?I'll return to Lord of the Rings again. Sure, there are parts of the movies I don't like, and some changes which I'm not a fan of. But that doesn't mean that as a whole the movie trilogy isn't fantastic and that I can't love it for different (but still similar) reasons that I love the books. I posted this in another thread, but in my mind, a succesful adaptation should stay true to the major plots of the series and the major characters, and reflect the mood/feel/themes of the work, while still being willing to change things to adapt to a different medium. Which I think this series has generally been very good at. Most importantly, even when I disagree with some of the changes or don't think that they worked out too well, I can at least understand why they made the change.Edit: I'll also add that Martin's books aren't perfect and that you kind of have to make changes to deal with that. How do you adapt Dany's plotline from A Clash of Kings, in which she goes to Quarth, hangs out a bunch, goes into the house of Undying, sees a lot of trippy and prophetic shit which she doesn't understand, is attacked by the warlocks for no reason, and burns it down? Not much happens and there's no dramatic drive. Now, I'm not going to say the writers did a great job with Dany's plotline this season- a few too many scenes in which she screams "I AM THE MOTHER OF DRAGONS!!!" for my liking. But I did like the general idea of what they did, and I enjoyed that her plotline had some tension and conflict. And I thought they did a pretty good job of adapting the motivations of Xaro and the warlocks to fit those changes.
					
					
							Edited by Caligula_K2, 05 June 2012 - 02:19 AM.
4714	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-06-05	I asked this question in another topic, but swarms of posts left it unanswered, so hopefully someone can confirm it here.
Has Martin stated if the show is canon with the books? Can the show confirm something that was left unconfirmed in the books?
A quick example is that people have theorized that Varys may not really be a eunuch. The books left this detail open, even though most people assume he is. But the show seemed to confirm that he was really a eunuch.
4715	daimonionen	2012-06-05	Boy, a lot of people will feel pretty silly if we get several of these prophecies through Daenerys' dreams or something next season.
I would have loved to see the prophecies, but it might have taken away from the focus of the fairly short HOTU-sequence, and left non-readers confused - and they're confused enough as it is, I'm telling you!
I think theres still time for the prohecies, so don't loose hope.
					
					
							Edited by daimonionen, 05 June 2012 - 02:19 AM.
4716	MysticWind	2012-06-05	Who the hell cares what a series creator things is canon or not? Should we care what George Lucas thinks about Han Solo and Greedo's interchange in Mos Eisley? Should we care about Ridley Scott (or Harrison Ford or Edward James Olmos or the screenwriter)'s interpretation on whether or not Deckard is a Replicant? There isn't a fictional world out there where all of these things really happened. Why treat it like history? Besides, in the case of ASoIaF, there are two series- the books, and the show. Unless stuff from the show appear in the next books, who cares?
4717	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-06-05	I asked this question in another topic, but swarms of posts left it unanswered, so hopefully someone can confirm it here.Has Martin stated if the show is canon with the books? Can the show confirm something that was left unconfirmed in the books?A quick example is that people have theorized that Varys may not really be a eunuch. The books left this detail open, even though most people assume he is. But the show seemed to confirm that he was really a eunuch.Show is show canon, book is book canon, and they will overlap a lot.  For example Renly/Loras was never confirmed in the books but was confirmed in the show.  I think this was a similar situation, Varys is a eunuch, there is no real reason to doubt it.
4718	MysticWind	2012-06-05	I agree with a lot of the OP, actually, but from a different viewpoint. Everything about Dany is not done very well.
4719	The Butler of Tarth	2012-06-05	I asked this question in another topic, but swarms of posts left it unanswered, so hopefully someone can confirm it here.Has Martin stated if the show is canon with the books? Can the show confirm something that was left unconfirmed in the books?A quick example is that people have theorized that Varys may not really be a eunuch. The books left this detail open, even though most people assume he is. But the show seemed to confirm that he was really a eunuch.The show, while an adaptation, is completely separate from the books. I'm expecting several more deviations piling on as the series progresses and, even as I'm going to be unhappy about some of them, I don't really mind that. Because why should I care about adherence to a fictional universe? And why should anyone? I don't see many christians complaining about a white Jesus in the biblical movies...
4720	Eichenlaub	2012-06-05	This last episode really bummed me out.
I realize that I have a love hate relationship with this show.I understand that my favorite characters are not the same in the show. Since dance with dragons I have lost my love of Jon snow and Dany, so when the show changes their characters or story i'm ok with that to an extent. I'll also be ok if bronn hangs around or something. Sands is more likable in the show, so I guess that's good.
But what is the point? 
What really maters in the story of the show? 
I'm not sure what maters in the books but I have my theories based on prophecies and history that is in the books. Sadly, these things do not exist in the world of the show, so having read all the books and being spoiled to major plot events, I am lost in the show. I don't really know wtf is going on in the grand scheme of things nor do I have any theories except that Ros will team up with Shae and Dany and they'll ride dragons and liberate the women folk of Westeros from the white supremacist capitalist patriarchy.that dominates them in pervy ways and requires them to get naked for odd reasons while they tell all their secrets thinking women are too dumb to use this info to their advantage.
My girlfriend hasn't even finished the first book, and she may never, so I'll ask her what she thinks is going on, maybe she'll have a clue.
Would it be wrong of me to threaten to spoil the book story if she refuses to read the books.
4721	Alboin	2012-06-05	There are changes and changes. Everything has a quality.  When Frodo sends Sam out to Shire in the middle of Mordor - it's just an idiotic change; when Frodo pushes Gollum to the Mount Doom - it ruins whole philosophy on the the book; when romance between Faramir and Eowyn is cut down to one look at the celebration - it's ok, because they needed to cut smth out and better this then something more important.
Changes at Jane Westerling or Qhorin/Jon plots are just stupid, lack of prophecies and visions at House of the Undying is somewhat way more serious, not because of some fanboys, bookworms or whatever name they were called in this and othet threads, but because lack of these elements moves whole HBO project to another field, far away from the original saga. Yes, D&D has the right to do this as P. Jackson had, yes, of course they have their reasons. As I see it, main was to create whole HoTU adventure inside sets that already were phisically made, with actors who were already hired. another words budget. Ok! But was there a possibility at the begging of the production to spend less money on some random naked ladies and hire two actors for Rhaegar and Elia, place them at the same amorphic place with curtains where Momoa was hanging out and let them say THE WORDS (ptwp). Or place somewhere there Quathie to tell the prophecies? Or put the damn flower? Yes, there was such a possibility.
					
					
							Edited by Alboin, 05 June 2012 - 03:00 AM.
4722	dancingstag	2012-06-05	While I did find the season entertaining, it did lose something to me.  I dont like how characters were left out (like the blackfish, love that guy) and others were added in (like ros, wtf is up with her).  I didnt like how they changed the Qarth storyline, but I understand why they did it, and I must say that Khal Drogo scene was blah.  I was looking forward to the HOTU but I really didnt expect it to be like the book because that would be some hard filming.  What I hope will happen in the next season will probably be close to what will actually happen.  I just really hope that Game of Thrones will not do to a song of ice and fire what true blood did to the sookie stackhouse series wich is a completely different thing now.  Dont judge me I read the sookie books, a pretty lady got me into them and I wanted a reason to talk to her about something lol, they started off well and got way to weird, but I digress.
4723	Les Berceaux	2012-06-05	Wow.  How insulting.  You realize who the OP is, right?  This is someone who CREATED this site for all of us, who has loved these books with all of her heart for years and years, and she finds this devastating, FOR GOOD REASON.  To call her silly and overdramatic is just....wow.  I can't believe how disrespectful and patronizing people are being here.  It's kind of disgusting, to be honest.Personally, I'd think it a show of respect to speak honestly and openly towards someone regardless of their impressive track record in creating internet communities. To be anything but honest would be to imply that one doesn't think the other person is mature enough to handle open discourse, which is patronizing in and of itself. And, since we're all allowed to be overdramatic and silly when we feel strongly about something, I think that's something to celebrate. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />---Looking at the show's adaption of the book, I find myself comparing it to the major differences between Michael Crichton's Jurassic Park and Steven Speilburg's Jurassic Park. They're very different, when you really look at them, but they tell the same story, and the characters end up in the same places at the end.
					
					
							Edited by Les Berceaux, 05 June 2012 - 03:29 AM.
4724	StarkWard	2012-06-05	Yes, I was disappointed with HotU. Yes, I was disappointed with some other things that fell short too. But I will still watch the show. No matter how cynical I get with the series, I still can't help enjoying myself, or squeal at the sight of Jaime, or laugh at Stannis' deadpans ("I see fire."), or squirm at Littlefinger's moves with Sansa. Before, these characters were just in my head. Now, they've been brought to the small screen for my eyes to adore. Even GRRM said that the novels are the novels and the show is the show. He said the same thing for the GOT graphic novel adaptation (which is beautiful, btw).
4725	voodooqueen126	2012-06-05	Oh, I love the Robb romance beef.  Lets try to remember something....was their a single POV with Robb when he meets, beds, and marries his wife?  Did we see it in the book?  No, Robb just shows up one day with a wife, and we, as readers, accepted it BECAUSE we understand how GRRM laid out the books, through independent POVs, meaning us, the readers, often learn about MAJOR events in dialogue after the fact.  This is one of those cases that if Robb suddenly shows up with a new wive after promising to marry a Frey, the TV audience (non-book readers) would be upset and look down up Robb for it.  By showing the build up, and how the romance started, we, the audience remain sympathetic for Robb and his cause.  Remember, we learn about Robb's romance and how it started as he tells Cat about it.  So HBO showed it to us, instead of filling us in after the fact.Except Robb's Book reasons were sympathetic: he did it for honour and duty and decency. Book Robb's motives are selfish and weak, since they are motivated by sexual lust. really if book Robb had been motivated by sexual lust, he could've kept "Talisa"(since Talisa, unlike Jeyne Westerling is a foreigner with no family reputation to uphold) on as his mistress and still married the Frey girl.The reason the red-wedding was so tragic is that Robb married Jeyne Westerling because of his   personal feelings for her, but because it was the honourable decent thing to do, because her life as a high-class Westerosi woman would be ruined after her defloweration. (at best she would have to marry beneath her, at worst she could end up a silent sister). Thus Robb's death occured because he was  decent, honourable man who, like his father before him, made the mistake about caring for an enemy woman (ie Ned's compassion for Cersei Lannister and Robb's compassion for a deflowered Jeyne Westerling).Where as book Robb is a selfish silly boy who married some foreign preaching hippy because he was angry at his mother.Before I was actually dreading the Red Wedding on screen, but with TV Robb! I am actually looking forward to him dying. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />They needed a love story, and I'm glad they created one.The books have a love story, it's called SanSan, HBO butchered it because Sansa isn't a magical warg-ninja-assassin-strong-womanTM, so they replaced it with Talisa the hippy-nurse-strong-woman TM and Robb.If they had kept it, we wouldn't have been subjected to the butchering of Robb's character, a butchering that has rendered Robb completely unsympathetic and the Red Wedding something to look forward to.
4726	Clueless Northman	2012-06-05	Can you imagine if the show doesn't get picked up after the 3rd season and the whole show ends with the Red Wedding?That would be trolling of epic proportions /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />How you judge an episode of a show is not how close it is to the source material but how good each episode is on its own merits.If you don't know the source, yes. If you've read the books, as far as I'm concerned, you could, and probably should (assuming you like the source material) do both. With the obvious fact that both results can be very different. (I mean, Gladiator is a complete travesty, historically speaking, yet I think it worked quite well as a movie, specially the quasi-operatic ending)The episode just had the biggest audience of the entire show ensuring season 3 and 4 according to HBO so you guys are howling to yourselves. You know that Episode 9 had the lowest audience of season 3? If Episode 10 had the highest audience, it's because Episode 9 was widely reported as the very best of this season and got people interested again. The light drop to Episode 9 being obviously due to previous 1-2 episodes being mostly a set-up towards the Blackwater battle.
4727	Bambi	2012-06-05	I finished the last episode. I am totally not the nitpicker type who cant understand that changes need to be made for the sake of the show at all, but by the end of this season it occured me that a lot of the changes were actually pointless and had no reason for them at all. I am mostly distracted by the character-changes, especially Stannis: he was totally someone else in the series, and since he had the screentime to develop a genuine character, i don't know why did they make him totally a  different person.
Eventually i reached the state of resistance towards the show a bit, even though i tried to fight against it. It still gave me nice hours and such, but from now on i will focus on dividing the show in my mind from the books as much as i can, thats the only way it wont hurt the world George built up in my mind.
					
					
							Edited by Iszlai AdA!m, 05 June 2012 - 04:04 AM.
4728	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	Boy, a lot of people will feel pretty silly if we get several of these prophecies through Daenerys' dreams or something next season.I would have loved to see the prophecies, but it might have taken away from the focus of the fairly short HOTU-sequence, and left non-readers confused - and they're confused enough as it is, I'm telling you!I think theres still time for the prohecies, so don't loose hope.I agree that there is still time for the prophecies, Quaithe can appear at any time and tell them to Dany - but what was the point of even introducing the House of the Undying then? I do not care whether the whole Qarth plot was changed - it makes no difference to the Westeros story and gives Daby something to do. Also, the dragon stealing was a reasonable justification for Dany entering the HOTU to find them.The bild-up for the HOTU scene lasted about 5 or how many episeodes, I really thought her scenes would be amazing in there. It might be too spoilery to show the consequences of the RW, and the dwarfs ravaging a female body would probably make very little sense, but what about the prophecies of the three monuts, treasons, and fires? I believe that these are the most important part of Dany's story in the second book, where admittedly not much else happens to her, so I am fine with changing the political structure of Qarth and Xaro killing the thirteen and whatnot. But I do not see the point of them even introducing the HOTU, which was all about the prophecies, and not showing WHY the scene had to be included.Now it looks like they invented the stolen dragons plot just because they did not want to bother with CGI dragons for some episodes.
4729	Happy Ent	2012-06-05	Every single major character is in the same position they were in at the end of A Clash of Kings [â<U+0080>¦]Let me take that out-of-context quote as a springboard to make my own point at this.I agree that the TV adaption succeeds in following the main plot of the books fairly well. Some of the changes are deftly done, some unnecessary characters and plot diversions are removed, etc.All of that is fine. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s part of adapting a huge novel to a much faster medium.What is not fine is that the characters are not intact.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t read ASOIAF for the plot. Or even for the heraldry or food.I read and love ASOIAF for the characters.And these characters are not in the position were they are at the end of A Feast for Crows, mainly because they are different characters.Granted, TV-Arya is outside of Harrenhal and in posession of a coin. But book-Arya at this point is a callous, multiple murderer with a streak of sociopathy. Similar quips can be made about many other major characters. Stannis, Tywin, Robb, Jon, Littlefinger. These TV characters have very little in common with the book characters, to the point that a reader and a viewer would write one-sentence characterisations that would contradict each other.I care not whom Arya kills, the writers are allowed to change plot details as much as they think fits their adaption. Plot is not important. Plot is expensive to produce, and complicated, and ill suited for TV. Character is cheap to produce, and â<U+0080><U+009C>merelyâ<U+0080><U+009D> needs good actors (which they have) and good writers.
4730	Harle The Handsome	2012-06-05	cooper56, how much can they change the story before it crosses the line from an adaptation to an 'inspired by'? Where is that line for you?I don't know exactly, but if we look back we may still see that lineI sympathize with some of your points but to be honest (and don't take this personally) reading your post reinforces one of the main reasons why non-book readers despise those who have read the books.  The endless complaining about characters not being introduced or events happening in the books but not in the show and vice-versa.  There were warnings of this when the writers said that some characters introduction would be delayed until the next season....but people didn't listen.  They said that they would adapt the series as a whole not each individual book....but people didn't listen. Most complain about future plots being ruined when you DON'T KNOW HOW IT WILL END ON THE SHOWOn behalf of those who have not only read the books, but also re-read the books with the intensity and dedication comparable to Jim Garrison's study of the Zapruder film or the intenisty Stannis will nurse a grievance, these callow comments by a boy so green he probably pisses grass do nothing but infuriate us.  D &D appear to be under the delusion that they are better writers than GRRM.  There are so many brilliant layers and nuances in the books that have been scrubbed from the series, and for what?  Roz' titties, sexposition, and scenes that give the impression that D & D probably read no more than the Cliff Notes versions of the books.  We complain because we actually KNOW why these missing characters, scenes, lines and prophecies ARE IMPORTANT, and trying to eplain to people who never bothered to read the books why they are inportant is like trying to study Hamlet with someone who never read the play.  Go read it yourself!  It isn't like reading is cruel and unusual punishment. I can't believe people expected a "based on" TV show to to be so close to the novels. I am more surprised that the show keeps as much of the source material as it does. If you can't view it as absolutely independant from the books you're just setting yourself up for dissapointment.This is a great television show(even though there was so much cheese in tonight's dialogue that I'm now constipated), this isnt a perfect adaptation of a novel. It never will be. They dont have a team of GRRMs locked in a dungeon cranking out episodes.You know, Peter Jackson only had 9 hours to work with and did a fantastic adaptation of LOTR.  The biggest part of his success was a simple lesson D & D failed to learn:  Don't try to improve the work of a great writer.  Stay true to the work's original intent.  Fans did not like taking out Tom Bombadil or Sharkey, but they understood due to time constraints.  If D & D were in Jackson's shoes the battle of Helm's Deep would have turned in to Aragorn gets bonked on the head to make room for a nude scene with Liv Tyler.It isn't that the show was only based upon GRRM's work that bothers us, but that GRRM's work was replaced by something much shoddier.
4731	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-06-05	A very interesting (for me) question to the OP and the people who liked her post: What are you going to do now?
You express your opinion that the show has failed you by pointing out its differences from the books. You are more than furious. House of the Undying didn't live to our expectations. Are you going to stop watching the show and discussing about it in the forums? Focus entirely on the books? Is the show a lost cause to you? Or will you keep watching and hope that the next season will be better and closer to the book? I am genuinely interested in your reactions to your disappointment.
4732	Roose Seal	2012-06-05	A very interesting (for me) question to the OP and the people who liked her post: What are you going to do now?You express your opinion that the show has failed you by pointing out its differences from the books. You are more than furious. House of the Undying didn't live to our expectations. Are you going to stop watching the show and discussing about it in the forums? Focus entirely on the books? Is the show a lost cause to you? Or will you keep watching and hope that the next season will be better and closer to the book? I am genuinely interested in your reactions to your disappointment.As someone who agrees with most of the points made in the OP, I don't think the show is a lost cause, not at all. Season 1 proved that when they had enough time to stick to the text, it could be an excellent show. Even if I was majorly underwhelmed by this season, I have high hopes for the next. SoS is an action packed book and they're splitting it in two seasons, giving them more time to expand on the more important stuff.That being said, seeing how they made some extremely poor choices this season and devoted some precious screentime to entirely inconsequential plot points and made some extremely big characterization mistakes, I'll be curbing my enthusiasm a little.S1 was a great adaptation, they made some changes and left out stuff but it really didn't matter because as a whole the season was pretty perfect. S2 felt like a retelling of the story written by a poor fanfic writer who read the book only once 10 years ago.
4733	Thunderfist	2012-06-05	A very interesting (for me) question to the OP and the people who liked her post: What are you going to do now?You express your opinion that the show has failed you by pointing out its differences from the books. You are more than furious. House of the Undying didn't live to our expectations. Are you going to stop watching the show and discussing about it in the forums? Focus entirely on the books? Is the show a lost cause to you? Or will you keep watching and hope that the next season will be better and closer to the book? I am genuinely interested in your reactions to your disappointment.I can only speak for myself in this matter but as far as the show is concerned, I am done with it. I had stopped watching already after episode 7, havenÂ´t seen episode 8 but I got persuaded by some friends to watch episode 9 and then I fell to the temptation to watch episode 10. But I wonÂ´t be watching the next season unless it seems to me that the show has made major improvements. And I wonÂ´t get the Bluray of season 2, I got season 1 as soon as it hit the shelves but I wonÂ´t be wasting any money on the second one.As I said, this is my own opinion and I donÂ´t claim to speak for anyone else, but I have better things to do with my time than to keep watching a show that I no longer enjoy
4734	Alboin	2012-06-05	A very interesting (for me) question to the OP and the people who liked her post: What are you going to do now?You express your opinion that the show has failed you by pointing out its differences from the books. You are more than furious. House of the Undying didn't live to our expectations. Are you going to stop watching the show and discussing about it in the forums? Focus entirely on the books? Is the show a lost cause to you? Or will you keep watching and hope that the next season will be better and closer to the book? I am genuinely interested in your reactions to your disappointment.Of course I will watch it. Even if they will have aliens landing near Riverrun - I will watch it. Doesn't mean I have no right to crtiticize what I see and what I'm paying for. There's nothing wrong with that. There are many aspects of the show I still enjoy - Tirion, Sansa, Hound, Bran... Whenever they leave characters the way they were written (changing their plotlines though where needed) - they are still good. Casting for the show was brilliant.
4735	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-05	And I would argue that a large amount of those criticisms from non-readers have come because the television show is attempting to tread as closely to the format of the novels as it possibly can, which consequently is eschewing some of the advantages of the visual medium.The point is though is that many changes are not enforced. Littlefinger being less devious than he is in the novels. Why is this? The gutting of any tension to the Jon/Qhorin story, or nobody knowing about the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon. These are unnecessary changes. I have no problem with changes in principle, but some of them are change for change's sake.ACOK was always going to be the hardest of the first 3 books to adapt because it took the 3-4 settings from Season 1 and essentially doubled them by splitting up most of the characters and introducing new major characters with their own settings and relationships.  And while SoS has just as many storylines to follow, there are far more dramatic plot points to hit with cathartic payoffs (mostly that have been set up through the first 2 seasons).  Season 2 has had the toughest job because it had to set the structure and adjust the audience to the larger scope.  With a SoS being given 20 episodes and much more satisfying plot-driven arcs, it should make for a much smoother adaptation. I would imagine that with more running time to work with, we might start seeing some loosening of the format where we could see 4 or 5 stories addressed each episodes instead of the 8 or so this season with some characters sitting out an episode from time to time.  You'll never get a "Blackwater" type of format because there the books have too much to be covered to remain in one spot for a full 60 minutes but only having to cut back and forth between 4-5 stories would make a world of difference and allow some of them to breathe and not feel like pawns being moved into the next spot because that's where the book says they're supposed to be.Please be aware that nothing of this size and scope has ever been attempted before and because it's the first time, there will most likely be some hiccups along the way.  I'm sure there will be some lessons learned about pacing and characterization that will be applied in Season 3.  But the good part is that the heavy lifting has been done.  The vast majority of the major characters have been introduced to the series and the audience realizes that this is the scope that the show will be dealing in and will adjust accordingly.I tentatively agree.As for the 1% of the show fandom who live and die by the strict adherence to the source material, the producers aren't here to cater to your whims, however crucial you believe them to be.  They're trying to adapt this almost unadaptable tomb to the television medium because they're also huge fans and want to see the adaptation on the screen.I think a better balance should be struck towards those who read and have read the books and those who watch casually.
4736	The Last Dragon	2012-06-05	I rate the HBO series on how my dear best friends and girlfriends see it. They are non-book readers, and absolutly love the show. Some are picking up the books, some are not. But they totally enjoy it more than everything else. While not understanding everything. But thats where I come in. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
That said, HBO is doing a great job at adopting GRRM's masterpiece for TV-audience. That is their goal, not pleasing a whining minority. Which also in the book reading club is a whining minority. 
The books are a big part of my life and I love them with all my heart. The TV show is my dearest concubine and the only thing on TV that is making me love the medium.
4737	Ran	2012-06-05	Granted, TV-Arya is outside of Harrenhal and in posession of a coin. But book-Arya at this point is a callous, multiple murderer with a streak of sociopathy. Similar quips can be made about many other major characters. Stannis, Tywin, Robb, Jon, Littlefinger. These TV characters have very little in common with the book characters, to the point that a reader and a viewer would write one-sentence characterisations that would contradict each other.That's an important point. A number of the changes are mucking about with the characters. The changes in actions relate to changes to motivation, and you're essentially getting quite different characters in some cases. I thought Arya was an especially egregious example -- her character development essentially ends in episode 4 and the rest is Tywin & Arya hour, which was brilliant once, pretty good twice, and rather boring thrice.How are we going to get to the point where the Ghost of High Heart can say:"I see you," she whispered. "I see you, wolf child. Blood child. I thought it was the lord who smelled of death. . . " She began to sob, her little body shaking. "You are cruel to come to my hill, cruel. I gorged on grief at Summerhall, I need none of yours. Begone from here, dark heart. Begone!"And we buy it?(Answer: There'll be no Ghost of High Heart and no reference to Summerhall.  )Brienne's another one that I think they've quite damaged. Brienne begins the story as, essentially, Sansa with a sword. She is just as much as a naive romantic. She's never killed a man. Having that unleashed so quickly -- and, I mean, she's actually a very ruthless killer on the show! -- actually takes away something significant for the character. It takes away part of her future arc, and at this stage the prospect of some new character development arc concocted by D&D is not something that fills me with joy and confidence. Brienne on the show is the "inspired by" version of the character, not the "based on" version, which I think is reasonable terminology because it's becoming more and more apparent that the show is shifting from the "based on" on season 1 to the "inspired by" of an increasingly larger part of the second season's story and cast. Some very fundamental things to some significant characters are being redacted and replaced.Tonally and thematically, I think it's missing the point of some of these characters. Whether that's because D&D don't care for those points or don't think they'll play on TV, or because they haven't noticed them, or because they just suppose they know better, I couldn't say. But surely it's more apparent to everyone that this season's "adapting ASoIaF as a whole" appears to have included a much looser interpretation of the source material than happened in the first season.And Catelyn... well, I've said it elsewhere, but a part of me can't wait for the Red Wedding so that we can put the TV show version out of my misery over the way they've gutted the character to provide fodder for other characters that David and Dan either understand better or like more.It's absolutely true that in many ways, ACoK is much harder to adapt. So that's fair enough. But I don't think that that explains "season of romance" or "We really like Richard Madden" or "We love Rose Leslie" leadings to the decisions that they made. Those are voluntary choices that, from what I can see, weakened the season by adding complications that took away from a more focused narrative.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 05 June 2012 - 05:47 AM.
4738	daimonionen	2012-06-05	But I do not see the point of them even introducing the HOTU, which was all about the prophecies, and not showing WHY the scene had to be included.*shrugs* "Why not?" to both your questions.It was an exiting scene(s) to many, I'm sure - me included.
4739	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	*shrugs* "Why not?" to both your questions.It was an exiting scene(s) to many, I'm sure - me included.Because the scene did not show much that would push the plot forward. The prophecies are Dany's motivation for a lot of things she does later, like, she does not trust anybody for fear they might betray her "for gold, for blood, for love". I am sure the scenes were lovely to see, the special effects were amazing. But there was very little foreshadowing like in the books - yes, I was not a book purist before, but the last two episodes and the contrast between them made me into one. No prophecies, only the repeating of MMD's curse, which already happened before.
4740	The Last Dragon	2012-06-05	Because the scene did not show much that would push the plot forward. The prophecies are Dany's motivation for a lot of things she does later, like, she does not trust anybody for fear they might betray her "for gold, for blood, for love". I am sure the scenes were lovely to see, the special effects were amazing. But there was very little foreshadowing like in the books - yes, I was not a book purist before, but the last two episodes and the contrast between them made me into one. No prophecies, only the repeating of MMD's curse, which already happened before.My girlfriend totally understand the thing they where trying to do with the HOTU scene. The burned ceiling and frozen floor. The choice between here children and the throne, the darkness looming behind the Wall and the 'could have been' with Drogo and their child. The doom that hangs over Westeros and Dany as an essential player. Her sacrifices and choices to come. It wasn't HOTU from the books, but it was pretty foreshadowing and meaningful for non-readers.Don't underestimate them!
4741	woweezowee	2012-06-05	That's an important point. A number of the changes are mucking about with the characters. The changes in actions relate to changes to motivation, and you're essentially getting quite different characters in some cases. I thought Arya was an especially egregious example -- her character development essentially ends in episode 4 and the rest is Tywin & Arya hour, which was brilliant once, pretty good twice, and rather boring thrice.So, there's two different stages to the argument here:A -They have changed certain charactersB - These changes are always or mostly badI don't think anybody here would dispute A. I'd strongly dispute B, as would, I suspect, a number of other people. I think the television show improves some of the weaker characters in the books, including Cersei and, indeed, Catelyn, making the former far less of a one-dimensional, paper-thin villain and the latter less wince-inducingly stupid. The Arya character is certainly less dark at this point, but is still an interesting, well acted character with some great dialogue, loved by most viewers, so I don't see why the undoubted change is a problem. Same with Brienne. There are other character changes which are more ill-advised, but I think they've improved some and made some worse - works out more or less even.
					
					
							Edited by woweezowee, 05 June 2012 - 05:58 AM.
4742	Three Dog Knight	2012-06-05	I voted with my dollars.  I had only signed up for HBO for GoT.  After what they've done to it this season, I cancelled my HBO service.
4743	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	My girlfriend totally understand the thing they where trying to do with the HOTU scene. The burned ceiling and frozen floor. The choice between here children and the throne, the darkness looming behind the Wall and the 'could have been' with Drogo and their child. The doom that hangs over Westeros and Dany as an essential player. Her sacrifices and choices to come. It wasn't HOTU from the books, but it was pretty foreshadowing and meaningful for non-readers.Don't underestimate them!I am not underestimating them. I understand that the most viewers are not the readers and it is good to hear that they understand what is going on and what thy tried to show. I am only disappointed that I did not see what I anticipated for the last few episodes. I also think that they showed the fact that she always follows her children, her wish to have a familiy, before everything else, with her following her children cries, leaving the illusion of Drogo and the child.Thank you for the nice reply, these threads are hell! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4744	Linda	2012-06-05	A very interesting (for me) question to the OP and the people who liked her post: What are you going to do now?You express your opinion that the show has failed you by pointing out its differences from the books. You are more than furious. House of the Undying didn't live to our expectations. Are you going to stop watching the show and discussing about it in the forums? Focus entirely on the books? Is the show a lost cause to you? Or will you keep watching and hope that the next season will be better and closer to the book? I am genuinely interested in your reactions to your disappointment.It is a good question and I wish I had an answer, because it would make me feel better. I have been watching this season with a sinking feeling in my stomach as the bad has come to outweigh the good for me (but there was good, too) and I kept hoping that at least they'd get the House of the Undying right.I don't really post much as it is, so it won't change that, but given that covering the show essentially turns into full-time occupation for us when it is airing, it is really hard for me to just shut it out. Yes, Elio does the bulk of the writing anyway, but there's a lot of behind the scenes stuff that I need to work on. While I might occasionally feel like disassociating the site from the show entirely, that wouldn't be fair to the community.The sum of it is probably that I will get through episodes somehow to be able to do my work but I don't expect to get any more enjoyment from it, except for some bits here and there. The downside to anyone who disagrees with my opinions and can't take negative statements about the show is that I'll probably keep making those from time to time because as long as I am involved I will get upset.
4745	daimonionen	2012-06-05	Because the scene did not show much that would push the plot forward. The prophecies are Dany's motivation for a lot of things she does later, like, she does not trust anybody for fear they might betray her "for gold, for blood, for love".I thought you didn't understand why this all happened at the HOTU rather than somewhere else. If so, my question is still why not? If they're gonna show us the visions they chose, why not there? It's not that I don't get the point of showing the prophecies.
4746	The Last Dragon	2012-06-05	I am not underestimating them. I understand that the most viewers are not the readers and it is good to hear that they understand what is going on and what thy tried to show. I am only disappointed that I did not see what I anticipated for the last few episodes. I also think that they showed the fact that she always follows her children, her wish to have a familiy, before everything else, with her following her children cries, leaving the illusion of Drogo and the child.Thank you for the nice reply, these threads are hell! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well. Off course their was disappointment on my side. Would totally nerd-out if I saw Rhaegar playing the harp, a bloody massacre at a feast and  a man with a wolfshead in the middle and a burnt golden Viserys. That would be awsome, but would made no point to the TV-audience. They do not know Rhaegar, would be tipped very early on about RW etc. I am fine with the changes at HOTU, nothing of importance can't be added later by Quatihe, Arstan of other characters. The only wrong thing about this season for my was Arya's story arc and the unrespectful demise of the Halfhand. The rest, love it. Best thing since Lost ended.
4747	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-06-05	It is a good question and I wish I had an answer, because it would make me feel better. I have been watching this season with a sinking feeling in my stomach as the bad has come to outweigh the good for me (but there was good, too) and I kept hoping that at least they'd get the House of the Undying right.I don't really post much as it is, so it won't change that, but given that covering the show essentially turns into full-time occupation for us when it is airing, it is really hard for me to just shut it out. Yes, Elio does the bulk of the writing anyway, but there's a lot of behind the scenes stuff that I need to work on. While I might occasionally feel like disassociating the site from the show entirely, that wouldn't be fair to the community.The sum of it is probably that I will get through episodes somehow to be able to do my work but I don't expect to get any more enjoyment from it, except for some bits here and there. The downside to anyone who disagrees with my opinions and can't take negative statements about the show is that I'll probably keep making those from time to time because as long as I am involved I will get upset.Did you enjoy season one?I am just asking because of this statement:I had said before the season started that for this season, the only thing I really hoped for was that they would get the House of the Undying right. If not, I would find it hard to continue watching. Perhaps I am misunderstanding but if you really enjoyed season one then just one aspect of the storyline (even an important one) would not be enough to make one stop watching, the way you said it "the only thing I really hoped for" and "If not, I would find it hard to continue watching."  seemed like you were already feeling like giving a last chance to the show, before the season started.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 05 June 2012 - 06:49 AM.
4748	A Bong of Ice and Fire	2012-06-05	The only thing that REALLY bothers me about the show is how they've made Littlefinger into a clumsy, obvious moron.  I'll never forgive that scene early in season 2 when he threatened Cersei.  Littlefinger from the books would never do something so stupid.  (Cersei would have him killed.) 
However I do like the actor that plays Littlefinger, so that mitigates the damage somewhat.
Yes, Arya should be darker, but whatever.  Not that big a deal.  At least the show made Theon into a much more interesting and entertaining character in the show than he was in books 1-2 of the series.
4749	Harle The Handsome	2012-06-05	So, there's two different stages to the argument here:A -They have changed certain charactersB - These changes are always or mostly badNo, stage B is that the changes are almost never as good or better than the original.  The only counterexample I can think of where a change actually better fit TV was altering Tyrion's plan to save the city from using a chain to trap them in Blackwater Bay and fling wildfire from catapults to using a single ship on a kamikaze run through Stannis' fleet.
4750	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	I thought you didn't understand why this all happened at the HOTU rather than somewhere else. If so, my question is still why not? If they're gonna show us the visions they chose, why not there? It's not that I don't get the point of showing the prophecies.Do you mean, why should they not have Quaithe or somebody else tell the prophecies?Sure they can do it, but I do not think it would be so impressive ans memorable as it should be to make everyone remember them. HOTU is the moment when they can show everything magical without it looking weird or unrealistic or out of place because this is the house of the weird wizard and one expects weird things to happen in there. If some prophecies start showing on other places, it would look weird, and they have already toned down the magic surreal part of the story (warging, direwolf connections, only one shadow baby), so I assume there will not be any more prophecies. Maybe Quaithe can show somewhere and talk nonsense, but why would Dany even listen to her, as opposed to seeing things in HOTU.
4751	FrozenFire3	2012-06-05	Well. Off course their was disappointment on my side. Would totally nerd-out if I saw Rhaegar playing the harp, a bloody massacre at a feast and  a man with a wolfshead in the middle and a burnt golden Viserys. That would be awsome, but would made no point to the TV-audience. They do not know Rhaegar, would be tipped very early on about RW etc. I am fine with the changes at HOTU, nothing of importance can't be added later by Quatihe, Arstan of other characters. The only wrong thing about this season for my was Arya's story arc and the unrespectful demise of the Halfhand. The rest, love it. Best thing since Lost ended. I would have totally loved to see Rhaegar too but since they never mentioned him too much, I think non-readers would have been like: "Hey who's this guy?" It would have been pretty confusing. But I was hoping for the other small details (blue rose etc.)... instead they decided to change the visions , and mind me they look beautiful, but were they not supposed to show Dany what she would be doing in the next books? Of course two book still aren't out, still...
4752	woweezowee	2012-06-05	No, stage B is that the changes are almost never as good or better than the original.Okay, well I disagree with that assertion (I gave a couple of examples of what I take to be improvements in the post you quote). But if the issue is simply that you think the changed scenes/characters/plots are *not as good* as the originals (as opposed to outright bad), surely it's still possible to enjoy the show?
4753	Aapo	2012-06-05	D &D appear to be under the delusion that they are better writers than GRRM.  There are so many brilliant layers and nuances in the books that have been scrubbed from the series, and for what?  Roz' titties, sexposition, and scenes that give the impression that D & D probably read no more than the Cliff Notes versions of the books.After latest episode huge amount of harsh words against David and Dan so I would like to hear for once why D&D would think they are better writers than GRRM.We complain because we actually KNOW why these missing characters, scenes, lines and prophecies ARE IMPORTANT, and trying to eplain to people who never bothered to read the books why they are inportant is like trying to study Hamlet with someone who never read the play.Maybe we think some of those scenes or lines are important. Maybe some of them have no impact what so ever at the end. Or maybe it is not impossible to adopt all those things with 10 episodes per season and perhaps people should denounce HBO effort and lack of support than will of D&D. Also we have different media and therefore budget limitations. I have enjoyed this far much like I enjoyed Lord of the Rings when they were released. So far I have seen similar character chances like Peter did with Aragorn (in which case they in fact improved work of a great writer (Tolkien) in some cases) or case-Glorfindel.To clarify my opinion I would LOVE to see all flashbacks, dreams, characters and perfect lines 1:1 from the books but I try to understand how hard it can be to produce show like this. And I might be easy guy to satisfy ..
					
					
							Edited by Aapo, 05 June 2012 - 06:54 AM.
4754	SerMixalot	2012-06-05	SNIP. The Arya character is certainly less dark at this point, but is still an interesting, well acted character with some great dialogue, loved by most viewers, so I don't see why the undoubted change is a problem. Same with Brienne. There are other character changes which are more ill-advised, but I think they've improved some and made some worse - works out more or less even.Arya interesting????Please!  If I see another tv or movie pre teen who is wiser than her years, talks smack with the best of them can match wits with the Tywin's of the world I will scream.  Much of the love for tv arya comes from knowing what she will become.  book arya in ACOK and ASOS goes from one crappy situation to worse crappy situation and is always forced to be a powerless nothing person.  Book arya pretends to be a boy, wanders starving in the woods, is a mouse, a sheep.  When she interacts with Lord Bolton, she keeps her mouth SHUT.  That is interesting.  and it is critical to her development as a FM, she learns humility and blending in the shadows.TV arya could be from any number of Disney or Nickelodean tv shows or  a Pinkett-Smith movie where the overly mature preteen rules all around them.  Sorry that is simply way to common for me to find interesting. Which leads to the question of why JH would believe she could be a FM.  Cause she has a dark side and can live in the shadows?  Cause she is spunky and has a wish-kill list?
4755	iheartseverus	2012-06-04	Is anybody here good at getting screencaps?  (I'm not)  Would love to see some close-up stills of special moments from the episode.  Those moments always go by so quickly--it'd be fun to come here and be able to really look at them at leisure.  Like the baby dragons looking up at Dany, the dragons spitting fire, the big vase being stolen by the Dothraki (is that the same one they tried to steal when they first got to Qarth?)  etc etc etc...
4756	iheartseverus	2012-06-04	Okay, I just rewatched and managed to grab some pretty decent screencaps.  Mostly of the dragons--studying them in stills, its jaw-dropping to see the incredible CGI work.  Every detail is there, including the shadows their bodies cast as they move about.  I'm not great at this, but these are pretty interesting, I think.Dany's children react to mom coming into the room:http://img.photobuck...onsdany1use.jpgThe children are excited, happy as mom approaches:http://img.photobuck...onsdany2use.jpgPyat Phee threatens Dany, she stares down at her dragons and they immediately stop fidgeting and give her all their attention.  They're listening.  Reminds me of the raptors in Jurassic Park-- clever girls...http://img.photobuck...onsdany3use.jpgDracarys!  Notice Drogon's flame-stream compared to the other two.  Bad little dude, there:http://img.photobuck...onsdany4use.jpgTyrion's wound, and his incredibly sad eyes:http://img.photobuck...rionscaruse.jpgR.I.P.  Winterfell:http://img.photobuck...fellburnuse.jpg
4757	SerMixalot	2012-06-04	I thought the vase was a shoutout to the plate that was the subject of negotiations when the introduced selmy and strong belly
4758	iheartseverus	2012-06-04	I thought the vase was a shoutout to the plate that was the subject of negotiations when the introduced selmy and strong bellyI thought the vase was a shoutout to the plate that was the subject of negotiations when the introduced selmy and strong bellyYou're so right, I'd forgotten about that!A few more caps...horn blast #1:http://img.photobuck...ptureblast1.jpghorn blast #2:http://img.photobuck...ptureblast2.jpghorn blast #3:http://img.photobuck...ptureblast3.jpgzombie horse. or, as the Unsullied over at TWoP call it, zompony:http://img.photobuck...turezompony.jpgWhite Walker commander:http://img.photobuck...aire/scww-1.jpgWhite Walker commander face:http://img.photobuck...WWcommander.jpg
4759	David C. Hunter	2012-06-04	White Walkers look incredibly well detailed. Very good CGI
4760	nachoknight	2012-06-05	I got some larger ones for you from HBOGO.Tyrion's scar: http://img404.images...6688/tyrion.pngDragons: http://img585.images...67/dragons1.pngDragons: http://img268.images...66/dragons2.pngWhite Walker: http://img829.images...746/other2q.pngWhite Walker: http://img217.images...955/other1d.png
4761	Zappotack	2012-06-05	Thanks Nacho 2nd Dragons one now my wallpaper
					
					
							Edited by Zappotack, 05 June 2012 - 02:30 AM.
4762	Buckwheat	2012-06-05	I thought the vase was a shoutout to the plate that was the subject of negotiations when the introduced selmy and strong bellyThat was my thought too, glad I was not the only one.
4763	Arkash	2012-05-28	Well, with the last episode coming, I guess it is time to open this thread !
We must all still be under the massive shock of Blackwater (what an episode !), but I have almost greater expectations for this one:
House of the Undying...
Jon vs. Qhorin.
Valar Morghulis.
Three Blasts.
Joffrey's rewards.
Tyrion waking up.
Sack of Winterfell (?)
Jaime and Brienne fighting
...
4764	iheartseverus	2012-05-28	Anybody got a link to the preview?  I never can find those damn things!
4765	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-28	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=vMzsbKj6o3YCheers!Here's to hoping we'll get to see Ramsay the Bastard after all /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4766	Yago	2012-05-28	Anybody got a link to the preview?  I never can find those damn things!http://www.youtube.c...h?v=vMzsbKj6o3YJust search for "game of thrones promo *episode number* on youtube.
4767	Crown	2012-05-28	Theon's 'What is dead may never die' in the preview is brutal.
4768	The Frostfangs	2012-05-28	Theon's 'What is dead may never die' in the preview is brutal.KHALEEESIIIIII
4769	drigoly	2012-05-28	i just hope that they don't rush from one scene to another, just to finish the book2 plot
4770	Crown	2012-05-28	KHALEEESIIIIIIHaha, that one is great aswell. Jorah Mormont ftw.Brienne is going beserk, looks good!EDIT: Ros says she's afraid of someone, who does she mean? Joffrey?
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 28 May 2012 - 01:31 PM.
4771	towerofjoy	2012-05-28	So much in this last episode! Don't know how they're going to fit it all in. 
1. Jon vs Qhorin - think Ghost will show?
2. Margerey + Joff - how they announce this should be interesting. But am guessing LF's lying comment to Sansa is related to her reaction to this news.
3. Arya gets her coin from Jaqar but will head toward Robb I'm guessing.
4. Winterfell is sacked - will Luwin die still? Am guessing it will look like Theon is dead like it did in the books.
5. Jaime vs Brienne - surely they aren't meeting up with the Bloody Mummers yet? Guess that would end their season in pretty dramatic fashion though...
6. Dany and HOTU - end with her reunited with dragons and maybe Dorea too? Not sure visions will make. Cut but who knows?
7. Attack at Fist - think 3 horn blasts would be a great way to end season, though a little cruel for non-book readers.
4772	g.o.d	2012-05-28	http://news.directv....-may-28-june-3/
70 minutes!!!!!
4773	Somnus	2012-05-28	Unfortunately I think this episode will rush a bit from scene to scene. But here are my expectations:
-Jon VS Qhorin
-The Valar Morghulis scene and Jaqen H'gar changing his face
-The aftermath of Blackwater that includes Tyrion waking up, Joffrey rewarding people and the announcement of the weddings of JoffreyxMargery and TyrionxSansa.
-Brienne and Jamie being captured by the Brave Companions.
-Theon getting ready for Ramsay, maybe we'll get a glimpse of the Bolton army arriving and Luwin will advise Theon to join the Night's Watch. I don't believe the sack will happen until season 3 where we'll see Ramsay clearly.
-The house of the Undying....and I hope they show most of the prophecies. The House of The Undying without prophecies it would be like not showing the battle of Blackwater Bay.
- And finally the three blasts, followed by a scene where we scene hundreds of blue eyes shining in the dark of night.
					
					
							Edited by Somnus, 28 May 2012 - 01:46 PM.
4774	dreamcatcher	2012-05-28	I'm praying to the old gods and the new to give us "And his is the song of ice and fire..."Pretty please?*edit* Wow, 70 minutes?
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 28 May 2012 - 01:54 PM.
4775	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-28	http://news.directv....-may-28-june-3/70 minutes!!!!!Whoa! First Blackwater and now this? This season is getting awesomer every minute!As for the "Theon plans to call his men to action, but Luwin has some important advice for him first" I think that Theon is perhaps going to play Ser Rodrik's part. He won't get his hand chopped off, but I'm guessing he'll consider an alliance with the Bastard of Dreadfort, after being charmed by him and Luwin will advise him not to open the gates to the Boltons. Theon won't listen, enter sack of Winterfell.I could be utterly and totally wrong though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4776	The Frostfangs	2012-05-28	Haha, that one is great aswell. Jorah Mormont ftw.Brienne is going beserk, looks good!EDIT: Ros says she's afraid of someone, who does she mean? Joffrey?i would have thought LF
4777	Somnus	2012-05-28	Whoa! First Blackwater and now this? This season is getting awesomer every minute!As for the "Theon plans to call his men to action, but Luwin has some important advice for him first" I think that Theon is perhaps going to play Ser Rodrik's part. He won't get his hand chopped off, but I'm guessing he'll consider an alliance with the Bastard of Dreadfort, after being charmed by him and Luwin will advise him not to open the gates to the Boltons. Theon won't listen, enter sack of Winterfell.I could be utterly and totally wrong though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I like that idea.Or maybe Theon could go and send Luwin to talk with Ramsay... Luwin would explain that Bran and Rickon are still alive and Ramsay would just shrug it off and kill Luwin and proceed to sack Winterfell.I don't care how it happens, they have to compensate Ramsay for being robbed of his actions.
4778	Night Gathers	2012-05-28	I'm maybe hoping for too much, but since the title itself is 'Valar Morghulis', wouldn't the episode itself have the longest/biggest scene with Arya and Jaqen? Otherwise they could have chosen a title like 'The Undying" or something entirely different. I'm not truly convinced Jaqen will give the coin to Arya and change his face and that'll be it, to me it seems something more is up. Maybe even Arya dropping the coin and slitting the throat of a random guard will be included? Even though they left Harrenhal.
4779	Tomer	2012-05-28	I really hope that the season ends with Three Blasts. couldnt finish it in an any more epic way.
Does the lack of Jon related topics on the synopsis mean anything?
4780	Crown	2012-05-28	-Theon getting ready for Ramsay, maybe we'll get a glimpse of the Bolton army arriving and Luwin will advise Theon to join the Night's Watch.We know that the last scene shot was with Luwin, Osha, Bran, Rickon and Hodor. I don't whether this means they will show all of them depart from Winterfell, or have Luwin's death scene after the Sack.
4781	SerMixalot	2012-05-28	My predictions for next week
QH will order JS to kill him, he will-no ghost
No Fist of the First Man
Ramsey will arrive at castle, Luwin will suggest Theon take the black, he will tell ramsey that he will, Ramsey will enter castle betray Theon order WF burned, last scene will be B&R leaving burnt WF
Brienne and Jamie will start a fight and be interuppted by the Brave COmpanions, that is all, dehanding will happen next season
I have NO IDEA what will happen with Robb/Talisa/Cat
Jorah will scream STELLISSSSIII!!!!!!!! Other than that no idea
4782	SerMixalot	2012-05-28	I predict arya will run into JH, will not kill anyone and get the coin
4783	Arkash	2012-05-28	Well, we WILL have the Fist of the First Men, since in the soundtrack, there is a music called "Three Blasts"...
4784	Crown	2012-05-28	I predict arya will run into JH, will not kill anyone and get the coinYeah, I doubt she'll kill anyone at this point. If they wanted to show her kill someone they would've done it during their Harrenhall escape.
4785	irishtemper	2012-05-28	Whoa! First Blackwater and now this? This season is getting awesomer every minute!As for the "Theon plans to call his men to action, but Luwin has some important advice for him first" I think that Theon is perhaps going to play Ser Rodrik's part. He won't get his hand chopped off, but I'm guessing he'll consider an alliance with the Bastard of Dreadfort, after being charmed by him and Luwin will advise him not to open the gates to the Boltons. Theon won't listen, enter sack of Winterfell.I could be utterly and totally wrong though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Whoa! First Blackwater and now this? This season is getting awesomer every minute!As for the "Theon plans to call his men to action, but Luwin has some important advice for him first" I think that Theon is perhaps going to play Ser Rodrik's part. He won't get his hand chopped off, but I'm guessing he'll consider an alliance with the Bastard of Dreadfort, after being charmed by him and Luwin will advise him not to open the gates to the Boltons. Theon won't listen, enter sack of Winterfell.I could be utterly and totally wrong though /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Well I think that just refers to the actual advice Luwin gave to Theon in the book when the army is at the gates and all appears lost...to surrender and request to take the black because all the northern lords respect that right.
4786	Crown	2012-05-28	Well, we WILL have the Fist of the First Men, since in the soundtrack, there is a music called "Three Blasts"...Yeah, and we heard/saw the three blasts in the cold winds teaser trailer.
4787	Night Gathers	2012-05-28	Yeah, and we heard/saw the three blasts in the cold winds teaser trailer.Correct. Can be viewed here for anyone who hasn't seen. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=5ucOW5xGGoc
4788	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-28	Well I think that just refers to the actual advice Luwin gave to Theon in the book when the army is at the gates and all appears lost...to surrender and request to take the black because all the northern lords respect that right.Ah yes, now that you mention it, that sounds much better. Oops on my part /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4789	Crown	2012-05-28	Well I think that just refers to the actual advice Luwin gave to Theon in the book when the army is at the gates and all appears lost...to surrender and request to take the black because all the northern lords respect that right.Remind me, did Theon decide to take the black in the books before he opened the gates for Ramsay? I forgot about that.
4790	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-28	Will Tywin's horse drop a load in the throne room?  That gave me a chuckle in the book because I could see how it would happen, but I doubt HBO will show it.  They seem to prefer sex even if the participants don't seem to be enjoying it.  Beyond that, there are so many things out of sequence, I'm not sure what will be included.  I would bet that the sack of Winterfell will be the first episode next season.  One thing I am certain of is that if Ramsay appears, he won't be called Ramsay Snow.  If they changed Robert Arryn ro Robin, lest anyone confuse him with Robert Baratheon, or Asha Greyjoy to Yara so no one would confuse her with Osha, they certainly won't want anyone to think Ramsay Snow and Jon Snow are related.  Do TV writers and executives really think the audience is that dumb?
Hopefully, the House of the Undying will be more than a quick way to re-unite Dany with her dragons and make a quick exit from Qarth.  I don't think Jon vs. Qhorin will make it into the show.  As far a Hagar and Arya, your guess is as good as mine.
					
					
							Edited by Deathwalker, 28 May 2012 - 03:06 PM.
4791	iheartseverus	2012-05-28	Am I hearing Jaqen say to Ayra:  'You must come with me?'  Then she says: 'I want to.'  Go with him to Braavos, maybe?
4792	irishtemper	2012-05-28	Remind me, did Theon decide to take the black in the books before he opened the gates for Ramsay? I forgot about that.Yeah, he actually really like the idea and started thinking/fantasying about how high he could rise in the Nights Watch and be first ranger one day and I'm pretty sure he even thinks about the possibility of getting some wilding strange.  But then one of his guys rushes up to tell him that the Northerners are fighting each other and then Reek drops the dead bodies of Cassell, the boy lord (was he a darry or flint?), and the other leader of the host down at the door and Theon commands his men to open the gates.At least I won't have to see Smiler burning alive because that made me cry in the books...I loved that horse.
4793	Serr Parker	2012-05-28	Don't think the three horns will be on, would be a perfect way to open season 3, speaking of which 43 weeks to go....
4794	Crown	2012-05-28	Am I hearing Jaqen say to Ayra:  'You must come with me?'  Then she says: 'I want to.'  Go with him to Braavos, maybe?She says 'I'd want to ...' or 'I don't want to' and I think the 'I'd want to ...' will become 'I'd want to but I can't blablabla'. No way she's leaving Westeros now.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 28 May 2012 - 02:49 PM.
4795	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-28	Don't think the three horns will be on, would be a perfect way to open season 3, speaking of which 43 weeks to go....As has been pointed out at the top of the page, the final track on the soundtrack is "Three Blasts", so we will be seeing the Others attacking the Night's Watch.
4796	erolyn	2012-05-28	KHALEEESIIIIIIEvery time Jorah says anything this season it breaks my heart a little bit.Iain Glen, ur doin it rite.
4797	Night Gathers	2012-05-28	Am I hearing Jaqen say to Ayra:  'You must come with me?'  Then she says: 'I want to.'  Go with him to Braavos, maybe?Seems like it'll be like the books more or less."You must come with me""I want to, but I can't right now."*Jaqen gives her the coin for future use*.She won't be leaving Westeros just yet.
4798	Somnus	2012-05-28	We know that the last scene shot was with Luwin, Osha, Bran, Rickon and Hodor. I don't whether this means they will show all of them depart from Winterfell, or have Luwin's death scene after the Sack.Then I hope they keep the sack for season 3.I hope they don't have Luwin surviving the sack. Ramsay needs all the screentime he can get to show how twisted he is and I don't want the Reeds to be replaced by either Luwin or Osha.
4799	Crown	2012-05-28	Then I hope they keep the sack for season 3.I hope they don't have Luwin surviving the sack. Ramsay needs all the screentime he can get to show how twisted he is and I don't want the Reeds to be replaced by either Luwin or Osha.I hope they do the Sack this season, it would be a great material for the finale. My theory: Luwin advices Theon to take the black. Theon decides to do so. Bolton guys arrive. Luwin and Theon conversation about the Boltons and his future at the Wall. Theon opens the gates. The Bolton men rush inside and sack Winterfell. Screen fades to black. Bran, Osha, Rickon and Hodor walk out of the crypts. They meet Luwin in the godswood. Luwin dies after giving Osha's his advice. They leave a burning Winterfell behind on their journey to the Wall.For the Reeds, they'll added to the cast next season. Jojen will say something like: 'My dreams told me you were here.'
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 28 May 2012 - 03:08 PM.
4800	Arkash	2012-05-28	Yeah, and we heard/saw the three blasts in the cold winds teaser trailer.And I would love if the last shot of the season was this same shot ! Not seing the men on the Fist nor the WW... just the landscape, leaving everything else in the unknown until next season.Well, I mean, after seing the men on the Fist, we have this shot, to locate the place at least.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 28 May 2012 - 03:06 PM.
4801	Samalander	2012-05-28	They better not screw up The House of Undying. That's all I'm saying.
					
					
							Edited by Samalander, 28 May 2012 - 03:06 PM.
4802	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-28	Then I hope they keep the sack for season 3.I hope they don't have Luwin surviving the sack. Ramsay needs all the screentime he can get to show how twisted he is and I don't want the Reeds to be replaced by either Luwin or Osha.Nah, I hope we'll see the sack next week already. Because seeing how the Night Watch is screwed and how Jon breaks his vows, Tywin steals Tyrion's glory and Dany... Eh, who cares about her... is not depressing enough for one episode /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I agree on the Reeds though.
4803	Night Gathers	2012-05-28	Just an unrelated question. Do the people who haven't read the books really understand what three horn blasts mean? Can't remember if it's mentioned in the show.
Otherwise, the blasts could be heard and the brothers would comment on it in terror; that the White Walkers are coming.
4804	Carne	2012-05-28	Something I noticed in the preview;Look at the person behind Brienne here: http://i.imgur.com/ARzjP.png.Even though blurry, he looks like Rorge: http://images2.wikia...e_and_Biter.jpgSo I assume (if I'm not completely wrong) Brienne and Jaime will be captured by the Bloody Mummers.Now I might also be wrong and this turns out to be Robb's men.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 28 May 2012 - 03:19 PM.
4805	Crown	2012-05-28	Just an unrelated question. Do the people who haven't read the books really understand what three horn blasts mean? Can't remember if it's mentioned in the show.Otherwise, the blasts could be heard and the brothers would comment on it in terror; that the White Walkers are coming.Sam said it once or twice but they could do it like this:BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!Sam: 'Jon! Jon is returning!'BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!Sam: 'Oh, no, wildlings!'BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!Sam: 'Shit, I just pissed myself.'Blue eyes in the dark appear. Camera zooms out. Screen fades to black.Something I noticed in the preview;Look at the person behind Brienne here: http://i.imgur.com/ARzjP.png.Even though blurry, he looks like Rorge: http://images2.wikia...e_and_Biter.jpgSo I assume (if I'm not completely wrong) Brienne and Jaime will be captured by the Bloody Mummers.Now I might also be wrong and this turns out to be Robb's men.Wow, yeah! Nice find!EDIT: Just thought about the description of next episode 'Brienne silences Jaime.' Guess they will have a sword fight, Brienne wins, Bloody Mummers show up, Jaime and Brienne are tired from their previous fight, they get caught, end of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 28 May 2012 - 03:27 PM.
4806	Arkash	2012-05-28	No, I dont think it is Rorge. Brienne seems to kill those guys, I guess they are some of the Stark men sent to catch back the Kingslayer...
They wont have the rock destroying the ship, to complex to shoot, instead we will have this small fight scene, I guess.
4807	HouseLancaster	2012-05-28	Why is Jaquen saying "You must come with me"?
Did he try to seduce her into going with him to Bravos in the books? Can anyone remember?
4808	unBloodraven	2012-05-28	I hope Tywin's horse craps in the middle of the Great Hall like it does in the Books.
4809	Night Gathers	2012-05-28	Why is Jaquen saying "You must come with me"?Did he try to seduce her into going with him to Bravos in the books? Can anyone remember?There could be something else they'll be doing, like some sort of adapted kill. And he uses the reference "A girl must come. This is her work after all." OR Jaqen's simply saying must instead of can. Which I understand means come with him, she denies him and tells him she'd like to but she can't right now. He gives her the coin for future use. That's how I believe it'll be.
4810	House Snow	2012-05-28	Sort of looks like Ygritte swings a sword at Jon there no?   Maybe she will be the one that sets Quorin against Jon.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 28 May 2012 - 03:41 PM.
4811	Arkash	2012-05-28	Yeah, I was buggered by Ygritte seemingly striking Jon... odd...
4812	Carne	2012-05-28	Regarding Ramsay; I don't think we'll see him at all this season. D&D already said they don't want to cast major characters in the last episode of a season, because this means they'll have to put the actor on hold for another year.
The way I see it going down; One of Theon's men (Lorren/Dagmer) informing him about the Bolton army that has arrived outside Winterfell. Then (as seen in the preview), Theon rallies his men and start getting them ready to fight. Commence speech, cheering etc. While this is going on, Luwin tells Bran & Co to head for the Wall ("Luwin offers some final advise", as written in the synopsis), and they sneak out of Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 28 May 2012 - 03:40 PM.
4813	King Tommen	2012-05-28	Just an unrelated question. Do the people who haven't read the books really understand what three horn blasts mean? Can't remember if it's mentioned in the show.Otherwise, the blasts could be heard and the brothers would comment on it in terror; that the White Walkers are coming.Sam specifically explained the 3 blasts 2-3 episodes ago when talking to Jon, Grenn and Edd on the Fist.  It's when Qhorin first arrives to meet the Night Watch.  I think it was also mentioned by Sam back in Season 1 while he and Jon were on the Wall.It's a scene that is dying to be placed as a season ending cliffhanger.  That along with the reveal of Mance's camp that Jon will see in his final scene will give real stakes to all the storylines that took place North of the Wall this year.  Many non-book readers have complained about there being no point to all of the stories happening with Jon and the Night Watch this season.  Having the Wilding army revealed and a surprise attack of the Walkers on the Fist is a perfect way to dispel those notions.
4814	King Tommen	2012-05-28	Yeah, I was buggered by Ygritte seemingly striking Jon... odd...I think it's some fancy editing to make it look like it's Ygritte but the sword most likely belongs to Qhorin and they just don't want to give away the duel in the preview.
4815	House Snow	2012-05-28	Regarding Ramsay; I don't think we'll see him at all this season. D&D already said they don't want to cast major characters in the last episode of a season, because this means they'll have to put the actor on hold for another year.The way I see it going down; One of Theon's men (Lorren/Dagmer) informing him about the Bolton army that has arrived outside Winterfell. Then (as seen in the preview), Theon rallies his men and start getting them ready to fight. Commence speech, cheering etc. While this is going on, Luwin tells Bran & Co to head for the Wall ("Luwin offers some final advise", as written in the synopsis), and they sneak out of Winterfell.I don't know I could have sworn reading around when they were shooting that they shot a scene of Winterfell burning to the ground. That plus the info that the scene of Bran coming out of the crypt was shot too. And I think there is still a shot from the early season previews of Bran hiding in the Crpt that we haven't seeen. Unless Dagmer is Ramsey or they have a helmeted Ramsey, I don't see a way out of introducing Ramsey.I think it's some fancy editing to make it look like it's Ygritte but the sword most likely belongs to Qhorin and they just don't want to give away the duel in the preview.I do think there is some editing b/c Jon has a sword in one of the shots, but it still looks like she takes a slice at him in the first shot.
4816	Umel of Ys	2012-05-28	Or maybe Theon could go and send Luwin to talk with Ramsay... Luwin would explain that Bran and Rickon are still alive and Ramsay would just shrug it off and kill Luwin and proceed to sack Winterfell. That would be gruesomely awesome plus we don't necessarily need to see who is playing Ramsay if it's shot through his pov. It would create tremendous expectation and give an instant fascinating bad guy quality to Ramsay.OTOH they probably need Luwin to guide Bran since/if the Reeds don't show up.
4817	Ciceronian	2012-05-28	Is anyone else who's listened to the "House of the Undying" song from the soundtrack (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=cR0L1ad85NA) exponentially more hopeful that this scene will be done the way it should (visions and prophecies and all) based just on the music? That is some vision sequence type music if ever there was any.
4818	Umel of Ys	2012-05-28	Or maybe Theon could go and send Luwin to talk with Ramsay... Luwin would explain that Bran and Rickon are still alive and Ramsay would just shrug it off and kill Luwin and proceed to sack Winterfell. That would be gruesomely awesome plus we don't necessarily need to see who is playing Ramsay if it's shot through his pov. It would create tremendous expectation Ramsay would instantly become a fascinating bad guy. And book-readers would have something to be curious about: what does he look like?OTOH they probably need Luwin to guide Bran since/if the Reeds don't show up.
4819	Umel of Ys	2012-05-28	Or maybe Theon could go and send Luwin to talk with Ramsay... Luwin would explain that Bran and Rickon are still alive and Ramsay would just shrug it off and kill Luwin and proceed to sack Winterfell. That would be gruesomely awesome plus we don't necessarily need to see who is playing Ramsay if it's shot through his pov. It would create tremendous expectation Ramsay would instantly become a fascinating bad guy. And book-readers would have something to be curious about: what does he look like?OTOH they probably need Luwin to guide Bran since/if the Reeds don't show up.Ramsay was mentioned earlier, I think he has to appear even if we don't see his face. Even if it's just a looming threat. Please.
4820	King Tommen	2012-05-28	Regarding Ramsay; I don't think we'll see him at all this season. D&D already said they don't want to cast major characters in the last episode of a season, because this means they'll have to put the actor on hold for another year.The way I see it going down; One of Theon's men (Lorren/Dagmer) informing him about the Bolton army that has arrived outside Winterfell. Then (as seen in the preview), Theon rallies his men and start getting them ready to fight. Commence speech, cheering etc. While this is going on, Luwin tells Bran & Co to head for the Wall ("Luwin offers some final advise", as written in the synopsis), and they sneak out of Winterfell.I'll be very interested to see exactly what they do with Theon's storyline in the finale as it's the only one (along with what exactly Dany will do in the HOTU) that I am unable to predict what's going to happen with any certainty.  I am having a very tough time trying to understand how they will incorporate Ramsay Snow (who has been mentioned on the show and is scheduled to show up in the finale) when they have not cast anyone for the part.  Of course you can have an extra in full armor who doesn't speak but I find that to be a very strange introduction for a major character who would be playing a large role in future seasons (next year most likely if you want to give Alfie Allen something to do instead of sidelining him for a full 2 years).  I have a hard time envisioning how the sack of Winterfall would be explained if all you've got is a silent extra whose face you can't see attempting to show that not only are they retaking Winterfell, they're betraying Robb Stark.  Someone has to verbally put forth some kind of explanation of this to Theon (as Reek does in the books) to communicate it to the audience.  Otherwise, it's just going to look like Bolton took back Winterfell from the Ironborn as commanded by Robb.The only explanation I could come up with was that like Reek in the books, Ramsay is a character who has already been introduced to the audience. I don't necessarily subscribe to the Dagmer=Ramsay theory but it's the one that's more dramatically powerful (while opening a few logic holes in the process).  Maybe that's not where the storyline is headed at all and I'm just over-thinking things but this is the portion of the finale I'm most looking forward to because I have absolutely no idea of how this plotline is going to be executed.Also, I think people who are hoping for the introduction of the Reeds next season in some form will get their answer in the finale.  If Luwin lives, he'll almost assuredly take Osha's place with Rickon to Skagos and the Reeds will be replaced with Osha.  If Luwin dies as suspected, then there is a strong possibility that Bran and crew will be running into them early next season.
4821	Carne	2012-05-28	Yea, I think they'll kill of Luwin in the finale. Especially if he's going to offer some final advise to presumably Bran.
4822	Umel of Ys	2012-05-28	Or maybe Theon could go and send Luwin to talk with Ramsay... Luwin would explain that Bran and Rickon are still alive and Ramsay would just shrug it off and kill Luwin and proceed to sack Winterfell. That would be gruesomely awesome plus we don't necessarily need to see who is playing Ramsay if it's shot through his pov. It would create tremendous expectation Ramsay would instantly become a fascinating bad guy. And book-readers would have something to be curious about: what does he look like?OTOH they probably need Luwin to guide Bran since/if the Reeds don't show up.Yet they've mentioned him, I think he has to appear even if we don't see his face. Please. (I'll buy the blurays even though I don't have a bluray player)
4823	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-05-28	Is anyone else who's listened to the "House of the Undying" song from the soundtrack (http://www.youtube.c...h?v=cR0L1ad85NA) exponentially more hopeful that this scene will be done the way it should (visions and prophecies and all) based just on the music? That is some vision sequence type music if ever there was any.Listening to it right now. Wow, they've certainly done the music right for the scene. I hope the rest is done that well. I always felt it was such an important pivotal scene, not just in ACOK, but in the whole series.I hope we dont see the Bloody Mummers just yet. Not until they've cast Vargo Hoat!/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4824	Currawong	2012-05-28	EDIT: Just thought about the description of next episode 'Brienne silences Jaime.' Guess they will have a sword fight, Brienne wins, Bloody Mummers show up, Jaime and Brienne are tired from their previous fight, they get caught, end of the season.Or it could simply mean that Brienne fights off Robb's pursuers, saving them both from recapture and and completely silencing Jaime through her fighting skills.  For cost reasons we are probably not going to get a scene like the Book river-galley one where Brienne heaves a boulder down on the galley, which is where Jaime first gets the idea that she is pretty awesome in action.  ETA:  Just remembered that they are only now casting Vargo Hoat for season 3, so makes more sense to leave the BMs until then.,
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 28 May 2012 - 05:37 PM.
4825	The Frostfangs	2012-05-28	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=j9Y8svKGSh8  last music we will hear????
4826	House Snow	2012-05-28	The best thing about the HOTU song is that its by far the longest on the soundtrack.  Makes me think it will be a 6 minute scene which if it just visions will be a pretty long scene. (According to HK avg scenes are 3-4 minutes, long scenes in the 6-7 min range.
4827	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-28	After Blackwater and the fact that next episode lasts 70 minutes, I am very optimistic. They have to give Dany a good scene this year. I also believe that they will show The Sack of Winterfell next season, not only because of Ramsey's casting but because of Alfe Allen's screen time as well.
And the 3 horn blasts is gonna be THE cliffhanger.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 28 May 2012 - 05:36 PM.
4828	Ciglon	2012-05-28	With regards the Arya scene in the preview, I feel fairly certain that Jaqen's words are probably part of a larger sentence, like for instance Arya will say "how did you kill all those men?" And he'll reply "If you would learn how to kill men, then you must come with me." She'll probably say "I want to, where?", "Far and away, across the narrow sea", then she'll say "oh, I can't, I still have my family, home etc." then coin.Plus in the Jon preview scene, the line of procession is very clearly Jon in front of Ygritte in front of Rattleshirt in front of Qhorin, and it is most certainly Ygritte taking a swipe at Jon. The confusing part is that it seems to be unprovoked...mind you, we only get to see a half-second before she swipes, but it will most likely be some dialogue between her and Jon that provokes the swing. The group is marching in uniform before she swipes and they don't automatically stop when she does, so it is definitely likely that some dialogue will make Ygritte angry at Jon (and he'll most likely fall on his ass again down a hill).
4829	Harrad	2012-05-28	It looks pretty like season 2 will end pretty close to the end of book two in most of the threads. This site will need Moores law to keep up with the storage by 2015 or so.
4830	House Snow	2012-05-28	^ Except every scene in the finale of season one, except the dragon scene, was kind of a denouement/wrap up, whereas the scenes slated to end this year should be a lot more anticipatory.
4831	mpbarnes	2012-05-28	The most recent summary from TV.Com, which I believe came from HBO says the following:
"The aftermath of the Battle of the Blackwater sees the winner reward his followers while Tyrion finds himself in a strange situation. In Winterfell, Maester Luwin has some final advice for Theon. In the Riverlands, Jaqen H'ghar gives Arya a gift, and Dany visits a wondrous place in Qarth. Beyond the Wall, Jon Snow pleases Qhorin with his actions."
This summary plus the preview leads me to think/hope we'll get the following.
Joffrey making knights, Tywin's horse shit, Margarey + Joffrey engaged, Sansa trying to contain her glee, Tyrion in the sick bed, healing scar, Bronn as a knight (might not see it happen), likely ending with the conversation between Tywin and Tyrion in ASOS.
Winterfell will be sacked, at best we'll see Ramsay from behind giving orders, "final advice" sounds like Luwin will die, I don't think Bran and Co. will leave Winterfell, but we might get a scene with them and Luwin as he dies.
Arya and Co. are out of Harrenhall when they meet Jaqen, she decides to stay to avenge and be reunited with her family.  Jaqen gives her the coin, given how popular this actor has been, there's a possibility he might not change his face at all, at least not this season.
Jon somehow gets the sword from Ygritte (probably Qhorin told him some way to do it), and he tells them he wants to join with Mance and kills Qhorin.  Been hoping Ghost might show up, but doesn't seem likely.  Would be coolest for Ghost to break them free, only to captured again for the proper scene from the book, but not likely.  Hoping we'll get a scene of Mance's camp and his army at the very end.
NW will get attacked at the Fist, hoping they show a bit of it, really hoping it's not just "three blasts...white walkers".  I'm hoping they merge the Sam the Slayer scene into this one, for the finale.
In the preview, it looks like Dany is wearing her Dothraki armor with the shoulder plates for her dragons.  I'm really hoping that this means that Doreah shows up with Drogon before she goes to the HOTU.  I think we'll get most of our scenes, I'm hoping for at least the pre-cursor to the RW and the scene with Rhaegar, I'm really hoping that the last scene of the finale is Dany's dragons burning down the HOTU and Dany walking out as it crumbles in the background.  No ship, no sorrowful man, perhaps no Xaro (though he might get killed by Dany too), no Arstan/Barristan this season.
4832	TheSwordOfTheEvening	2012-05-28	So we gonna have house of the undying (legit scared for this, this part of the book freaked me out), theon's adventures in winterfell, arya getting the coin and i guess jaqen's departure, qhorin's duel with jon, and the aftermath of the battle in KL. 
looking like a pretty good episode. not sure if theyre gonna throw in dany leaving qarth with belwas and whitebeard/arstan/barristan, might be a little too much to digest out east
4833	iheartseverus	2012-05-28	I read an interesting review of Blackwater, where the reviewer suggested that Blackwater and Valar Morghulis will actually (his opinion) comprise a single, final episode in the way they're handled.  Meaning we've already seen the KL, Tyrion, Stannis, etc wrap up for the season, with all their questions still in play for next year--did Tyrion survive?  did Sansa leave with Sandor?  what's Stannis' next move?  did Davos survive?  Those will all be left til next year.  Now, Valar Morghulis will need to fill the same function for all the other arcs, leaving Dany, Jon, Robb and Arya at the precipice of some questionable situations, outcomes unknown til next season.
4834	Warden of the North121	2012-05-28	I read an interesting review of Blackwater, where the reviewer suggested that Blackwater and Valar Morghulis will actually (his opinion) comprise a single, final episode in the way they're handled.  Meaning we've already seen the KL, Tyrion, Stannis, etc wrap up for the season, with all their questions still in play for next year--did Tyrion survive?  did Sansa leave with Sandor?  what's Stannis' next move?  did Davos survive?  Those will all be left til next year.  Now, Valar Morghulis will need to fill the same function for all the other arcs, leaving Dany, Jon, Robb and Arya at the precipice of some questionable situations, outcomes unknown til next season.judging from the promo and the teaser paragraph this isn't likely.
4835	King Tommen	2012-05-28	I read an interesting review of Blackwater, where the reviewer suggested that Blackwater and Valar Morghulis will actually (his opinion) comprise a single, final episode in the way they're handled.  Meaning we've already seen the KL, Tyrion, Stannis, etc wrap up for the season, with all their questions still in play for next year--did Tyrion survive?  did Sansa leave with Sandor?  what's Stannis' next move?  did Davos survive?  Those will all be left til next year.  Now, Valar Morghulis will need to fill the same function for all the other arcs, leaving Dany, Jon, Robb and Arya at the precipice of some questionable situations, outcomes unknown til next season.Based on the description for this episode as well as the preview, we will certainly be seeing Tyrion waking up and being informed that his father is back and has been given all the credit for winning the battle, Joffrey awarding his subjects with knighthoods, very possibly the announcement that Margaery is now betrothed to Joffrey, Varys having a conversation with Ros regarding someone being an asshole (either LF or Joff I guess), and Littlefinger telling Sansa that she's screwed.  There could be more at King's Landing but those scenes will definitely be there.Additionally, Clarice Van Houten has stated that she appears in Episode 10 and it sounds like she's going to be imprisoning Davos so they aren't going to leave the question of his living or not in question either.Interesting theory by the reviewer but all of the plot threads will be addressed in the finale which is probably one of the reason why it's 70 minutes.And I will bet large sums of money that the 3 horns on the Fist is the final scene with the music continuing into the credits because the song "3 blasts" is placed as the final song on the Season 2 soundtrack (the music for the HOTU is before it) and all of the songs on there have been played chronologically to this point.
4836	Jolene Brown	2012-05-28	I keep wondering how they are going to marry off Robb and Talisa - there is nothing about the storyline that makes that a natural development for me, but it has to happen either in the finale, or the first few episodes of season 3.
4837	mpbarnes	2012-05-28	I keep wondering how they are going to marry off Robb and Talisa - there is nothing about the storyline that makes that a natural development for me, but it has to happen either in the finale, or the first few episodes of season 3.I'm still of the mind that she is Jeyne Westerling.  I don't think she and Robb made it to the Crag before Cat released Jaime, and I think he'll still need to go, even if she is a noble lady from Volantis, there is no reason for him to not marry the Frey, unless she is a westerosi noblelady.  Her not being a Westerling robs the story moving forward, so we likely won't get a marriage, but we might get a sense that she is not who she seems to be.
4838	Caro99	2012-05-28	I read an interesting review of Blackwater, where the reviewer suggested that Blackwater and Valar Morghulis will actually (his opinion) comprise a single, final episode in the way they're handled.  Meaning we've already seen the KL, Tyrion, Stannis, etc wrap up for the season, with all their questions still in play for next year--did Tyrion survive? did Sansa leave with Sandor?  what's Stannis' next move?  did Davos survive?  Those will all be left til next year.  Now, Valar Morghulis will need to fill the same function for all the other arcs, leaving Dany, Jon, Robb and Arya at the precipice of some questionable situations, outcomes unknown til next season.- i've read the books so many times and yet the first time i watched that scene last night i thought she had gone with him... up till the preview, so no, she didn't leave with him.- crown, i think ross is talking about Lf not joff. we see lf right after this asvarys states that every man has a weaknes, and LF is with sansa in the preview, so their building up the LF/alayne stone thing i'd guess (though it sucks they took yet another line from the hound and gave it to LF)- and the dontos bit too.- somnos, i do think joff's annulment of his engagment to sansa will happen this week, along with even natalie dormer coming back, but i don't think the show will state this early that sansa and tyrion are going to get married. it has to come as a surprise or something in S3, and the viewers who haven't read the books maybe are thinking tyrion will die, so why have his wedding announced
					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 28 May 2012 - 07:50 PM.
4839	Reposado	2012-05-28	ETA:  Just remembered that they are only now casting Vargo Hoat for season 3, so makes more sense to leave the BMs until then.,yeah. there's no way they introduce a character who will be in several episodes, in the last episode of a season. if it is at all possible, you push that scene to the next season. if impossible, you cover the character and use an extra (a la jaqen in season 1)more than possible to not introduce the mummers till next year
4840	iheartseverus	2012-05-28	Currawong, on 28 May 2012 - 06:04 PM, said:ETA: Just remembered that they are only now casting Vargo Hoat for season 3, so makes more sense to leave the BMs until then.(There's just something hilarious about all this talk that none of us are going to have any BMs til next year...)Okay, this is a mention of the Blackwater episode, but it bears directly on upcoming scenes-- someone over at TWoP mentioned noticing Dontos juggling in the background to keep the ladies occupied in Maegor's Holdfast, and mentioned that Sansa's good deed in saving him had worked.  I didn't see any such thing!  And I watched the episode twice!  Anybody else?  Anybody see Dontos there??
4841	Kevin79	2012-05-28	(There's just something hilarious about all this talk that none of us are going to have any BMs til next year...)Okay, this is a mention of the Blackwater episode, but it bears directly on upcoming scenes-- someone over at TWoP mentioned noticing Dontos juggling in the background to keep the ladies occupied in Maegor's Holdfast, and mentioned that Sansa's good deed in saving him had worked.  I didn't see any such thing!  And I watched the episode twice!  Anybody else?  Anybody see Dontos there??Yeah. He was juggling. I noticed him immediately.
4842	Lord Rayder	2012-05-28	(There's just something hilarious about all this talk that none of us are going to have any BMs til next year...)Okay, this is a mention of the Blackwater episode, but it bears directly on upcoming scenes-- someone over at TWoP mentioned noticing Dontos juggling in the background to keep the ladies occupied in Maegor's Holdfast, and mentioned that Sansa's good deed in saving him had worked.  I didn't see any such thing!  And I watched the episode twice!  Anybody else?  Anybody see Dontos there??Yeah he's there, attempting to juggle. Watch it again
4843	gogorath	2012-05-28	Quick thoughts...
1.  The episode names have generally had little correlation to the episode at all, and any way, Valar Morghulis simply means, "All Men Must Die" so there's a lot that could apply to.  In other words, Arya's not the focus of this episode.
2.  Jaqen offers to bring Arya along in the book, but she wants to get back to her family.  I expect this to happen like the book.  My big question is whether she will be captured and by whom.
3.  I expect Dany to have the longest screentime and the HotU to be fairly epic.  We all know Jon's storyline as well.  And Theon's.
4.  It looks like Brienne and Jaime may get captured this episode, which is a lot of action -- but Hoat isn't cast, so it will be Rorge and Biter and extras.  Ep 1 or 2 will see them taken to camp.
5.  Other than Tyrion waking up and no one thanking him, I'm not sure what will happen in King's Landing.  Will they announce the marriages?  Will Tywin just tell Tyrion?  Will Margaery show?  That seems like a lot considering we know we get Littlefinger and Sansa as well.
6.  Looks like we are going to get Stannis and Melisandre at minimum; I would think they'd find Davos because that'd be an odd cliffhanger.  
7.  They've laid the groundwork for three blasts, and I don't expect to get anything except the land horn blown, possibly on black.
I think if they nail Episode 10, we'll all look fondly back on this season as fantastic.  But the lingering question for me if episode 10 feels rushed is, should they have had Blackwater in Episode 8 and sped up the early parts?
4844	iheartseverus	2012-05-28	Yeah he's there, attempting to juggle. Watch it againWell, great, then.  We spent so much time last night before the episode discussing Dontos, or rather, where-is-Dontos, presuming that because we haven't seen him, that he wouldn't be part of rescuing Sansa.  But if they've put him in the Blackwater episode, that seems to mean he'll be around to play Florian after all.
4845	sagaz	2012-05-28	Maybe I'm wrong, but I have this idea that HotU will be an animation sequence like the extras (the coloured ones) in the blu-ray.
(or this is the best thing I can imagine trying to not get overly excited in order to not be disappointed afterwards)
4846	Rhaquentis	2012-05-28	They can cut up time from all other scenes apart from the Dany one. It has to be really good, and it needs a certain amount of time in order to build that tension and the magical feeling that is required /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4847	Kevin79	2012-05-28	I hope we get to see white walkers riding ice spiders.
4848	moonsblood	2012-05-28	I'm not optimistic about HOTU regarding the visions, I think its more likely they will just be "strange" kinda like the boat scene in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. The RW vision would be too much of a giveaway, and non book readers would have no idea wtf was going on with some random dude talking about the PTWP and the song of ice and fire.  I could see the little rat men ravishing the lady happen though, there hasn't been much fucked up sex lately.
I was looking for Dontos so I saw him right away, but if you blinked you'd have missed him.  I'm hoping Sansa will meet with her Florian yet, maybe after she is pushed aside for Marg
4849	Harrad	2012-05-28	Maybe I'm wrong, but I have this idea that HotU will be an animation sequence like the extras (the coloured ones) in the blu-ray.(or this is the best thing I can imagine trying to not get overly excited in order to not be disappointed afterwards)Previews showed live action Dany. CGI/Green screen is perfect for the rooms and beasts in HoU. Not so good for huge battle scenes like Blackwater... so expect something decent.
4850	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-28	Dontos & Sansa
HotU, dragons grow.
There will be mention of Loras as Renley.
Arya goes is alone after getting her coing, gets scooped up by Sandor.
Hoping for a face change by Jaqen, but not really, because he's delicious.
4851	iheartseverus	2012-05-28	Hoping for a face change by Jaqen, but not really, because he's delicious.Me, too, hoping for a face change, but then change back ASAP because, as you so rightly describe him, he's delicious. A Man is perfect as he is.  Perfect.  Perfect.
4852	KnightsOfDany	2012-05-28	I think its safe to say the seasons ending on the Fist of the First Man, looks like there going to bleed some of book three in so who can be sure.
4853	Le Cygne	2012-05-28	Dreading the Jaqen face change because he is, as you all say, so delicious just as he is.
4854	The Blackfyre Pretender	2012-05-28	Does anyone reckon Valar Morghulis, the ep title, could be referencing the HotU? I mean, it obviously references the Arya and Jaqen scene, but I think it works well with the whole "Undying" and then Drogon turns up. Not so Undying anymore, are you?
4855	sillent	2012-05-29	Well the only two things I was really looking forward to this episode was blackwater and HotU. Seeing as its the last episode I'm sure they would want to end on a good note and so hopefully they wouldnt ruin that scene.
I want some visions / prophecies since season 1 saw zero mentions of "promise me Ned". They sorta introduced us to the prophecy stuff via Stannis but I really hope they use Dany in this one moment as the next major stuff comes with Sam + Aemon conversations if I'm not mistaken.
They will probably end with the three blasts + blue eyes cliffhanger, it seems pretty appropriate. If not that then they'll probably show the sack of Winterfell and end on Luwin dying though honestly I'd prefer if they leave Winterfell for season 3 as they haven't casted Ramsay.. It wouldn't be too bad as they have enough other stuff to tie up..
Arya just needs to have one conversation with Jaqen and hopefully he changes faces. imo anything after that doesn't realy matter as they'll have plenty of time to do it all for season 3+4.
Rob probably wont have any scenes since well that story is pretty much tied up for the moment atleast.
It'll be interesting to see how they handle KL, I really hope Tyrion is a lot more beat up than just a papercut to his face but I guess well see.
4856	Samalander	2012-05-29	Does anyone reckon Valar Morghulis, the ep title, could be referencing the HotU? I mean, it obviously references the Arya and Jaqen scene, but I think it works well with the whole "Undying" and then Drogon turns up. Not so Undying anymore, are you? /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4857	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-29	Pretty sure Luwin's advice will be for Theon to take the black, as it was in the book.
The key to episode 10 will be the House of the undying, it will either make or break the episode.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 29 May 2012 - 12:38 AM.
4858	Crown	2012-05-29	I'm not optimistic about HOTU regarding the visions, I think its more likely they will just be "strange" kinda like the boat scene in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. The RW vision would be too much of a giveaway, and non book readers would have no idea wtf was going on with some random dude talking about the PTWP and the song of ice and fire.  I could see the little rat men ravishing the lady happen though, there hasn't been much fucked up sex lately.Wasn't it 'strange' to read aswell? I had no idea what I was reading. That's why the House of the Undying is so awesome!Me, too, hoping for a face change, but then change back ASAP because, as you so rightly describe him, he's delicious. A Man is perfect as he is.  Perfect.  Perfect.We are going to get a face change, the actor (Tom Washalakika?) has said it in one of the earlier interviews (before the season even started).
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 29 May 2012 - 01:42 AM.
4859	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-29	I don't think there will be any visions in the house of the undying.  The most I can see is she gets a verbal prophecy, like 3 betrayals, 3 mounts, and 3 fires, and the dragon must have 3 heads.  As long as they hit those notes the visions are not important.
4860	GeorgeIAF	2012-05-29	I expect that the last scene of the season will be with Bran and Rickon and a burning Winterfell in the background ...
4861	Arkash	2012-05-29	Maybe it's already been said: I have to read the last two pages of the thread but prevision: Davos will be saved by Sallador Saan in the last episode.
Then, my biggest fear for this episode, apart from the Hotu, is concerning Jon: I'm afraid Jon will decide to kill Qhorin on his own... but I'd so want Qhorin to give the order himself.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 29 May 2012 - 03:10 AM.
4862	GeorgeIAF	2012-05-29	Also i think that the final episode will be based mostly on Dany.
4863	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-29	Last scene will be the horn blown 3 times at the Fist of the First Men.
4864	Arkash	2012-05-29	Yep, that is for sure, but otherwise, like I said two posts earlier, I have great fears that Qhorin will not give the order to Jon who will act on himself.
And I dont think we will have any Robb / Cat scene this episode... or maybe just one where Robb will say: "We're moving to Riverrun", maybe...
4865	sennahoj	2012-05-29	Also i think that the final episode will be based mostly on Dany.I don't expect that. There are too many other storylines that have to be served. Sure, Dany might have more screentime than in any other episode this season, but not most of the episode. And since it's apparently 70 minutes long, I am confident the show will do all the settings justice in terms of moving the story along to the cliffhangers we are expecting.On that note, the fact that the writers spoil us with a 70-minute finale makes me hopeful for an extended opening episode to season 3.
4866	StarkWard	2012-05-29	Quorin HAS to give the order. Too much misplaced self-decisions for Jon, as we all know, leads to cold blades in the night.
4867	The Monkey	2012-05-29	The episode will be 70 minutes long.http://news.directv....-may-28-june-3/
4868	Arkash	2012-05-29	Quorin HAS to give the order. Too much misplaced self-decisions for Jon, as we all know, leads to cold blades in the night.I agree but well, they are surrounded by Wildlings... I find it already weird that they had their little chat two episodes ago just in front of Rattleshirt... They need to have a few moments just together for Qhorin to give the order...
4869	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-29	I agree but well, they are surrounded by Wildlings... I find it already weird that they had their little chat two episodes ago just in front of Rattleshirt...They need to have a few moments just together for Qhorin to give the order...Indeed. Otherwise nonbookreaders will not understand why for focks sake he's killing Qhorin. It has to be made more clear than this.
4870	Targaryen loyalist	2012-05-29	I think that Davos will be rescued at the beginning of season 3, and I think we won't see any Stannis and Mel in this final episode, leaving them for next season (most of Stannis's plotline in ASOS is offscreen, with his sudden comeback at the Wall... I think they have to save and stretch his plot).
How do you think Arya will get back Needle? She didn't pick it up when she left Harrenhall... Do you think Jaquen will give it to her? Or she will find it again next season with the BWB?
4871	Arkash	2012-05-29	I recall reading somewhere that Carice Van Houten appears in episode 10... so I'm sure we will see her emprison Davos after hi mbeing rescued by Salladhor (my guess).
4872	sennahoj	2012-05-29	That would make a lot of sense. If Salladhor hadn't had a role to play this season, why introduce him earlier in the season? I agree that Davos will be rescued in episode 10, they cannot end the season on too many cliffhangers.
4873	Buster	2012-05-29	This episode will be a fast paced mess. It is known.
4874	Marcus Wood	2012-05-29	I think anybody who hasn't read the books will declare this upcoming episode as the best one yet, and anybody who HAS read the books will probably think it's rushed and complain about changes and cuts /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4875	Crown	2012-05-29	This episode will be a fast paced mess. It is known.I'm afraid about that aswell, but non-book readers won't notice.
4876	Arkash	2012-05-29	Well, it still can be the best episode of the serie so far, even better, in a way than Blackwater... so much cliffhangers and breathtaking events, so even if they are not that faithful to the books or a little bit rushed, it can be damn explosive... it can be a much more better finale than "Fire and Blood", which, except for the dragons" birth wasnt that mind-blowing... here, quite all the character will have cliffhangers.
4877	TheEvilKing	2012-05-29	This episode will be a fast paced mess. It is known.Eh, not necessarily. There's not much to do in KL now, apart from post-battle stuff, which will probably take up about 6 mins screen time. I think it'll start with Tyrion being awoken by Pod, taken to the Throne room where Tywin struts about on his horse like a boss.Then the rest of the stuff is devoted to closing off the three main other main stories - Arya, Dany, and Jon - and there'll be some Cat/Jon agonising thrown in there plus some Jaime/Brienne shenanigans (undecided as to whether he loses his hand to Karstark this ep, or if the Bloody Mummers are introduced next season). Then the final scene will be the third horn and we'll see some sneaky White Walkers, and Sam will go "Oh... f-" DUN DUN da da DUN DUN da da DUN DUN......
4878	DurararaFTW	2012-05-29	Eh, not necessarily. There's not much to do in KL now, apart from post-battle stuff, which will probably take up about 6 mins screen time. I think it'll start with Tyrion being awoken by Pod, taken to the Throne room where Tywin struts about on his horse like a boss.Then the rest of the stuff is devoted to closing off the three main other main stories - Arya, Dany, and Jon - and there'll be some Cat/Jon agonising thrown in there plus some Jaime/Brienne shenanigans (undecided as to whether he loses his hand to Karstark this ep, or if the Bloody Mummers are introduced next season). Then the final scene will be the third horn and we'll see some sneaky White Walkers, and Sam will go "Oh... f-" DUN DUN da da DUN DUN da da DUN DUN......We still need to have the whole siege and fall of Winterfell in addition to that. That's not a small scene.
4879	Arkash	2012-05-29	And judging from the preview, we will have Sansa and Ros too in the episode. Not complaining at all about Sansa, I love her character, but dont think Ros was necessary... and yeah, add to all of this the whole Winterfell arc and that's some hell of storylines, but I have faith they will manage to wrap them up efficiently.
4880	King Tommen	2012-05-29	I agree but well, they are surrounded by Wildlings... I find it already weird that they had their little chat two episodes ago just in front of Rattleshirt...They need to have a few moments just together for Qhorin to give the order...I have no idea why so many fans are so worried about this.  The episode description (released like a month ago for all to see) says "Jon pleases Qhorin" so obviously it's going down like it does in the books.  If that's not enough proof for you, their scene together in episode 8 essentially sets up Qhorin ordering Jon to kill him. You can have conversations with people without others hearing, I thought that it was pretty clear how they framed Qhorin talking to Jon in episode 8 that he was making sure no one else was listening to him.There also appears to be a lot of people making assumptions about scenes who would have many of their questions answered by watching the preview and reading the episode description. The storylines for the episode are all laid out in these two places.  And if you want to know what the final scene is, the huge hint is in the recently released Season 2 soundtrack which has all the songs for the season listed in chronological order (including the songs from final scenes which play over the credits).  The final song on the soundtrack listing (after the track entitled "House of the Undying") is called "Three Blasts".  So there shouldn't be much question about what the finale is going to cover and what will be the final scene.I always find it funny when hardcore fans come on the episode thread a week ahead of time and say things like "They better show Jaqen with Arya" when Jaqen talking to Arya is right in the freaking preview for the episode.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 29 May 2012 - 06:53 AM.
4881	DurararaFTW	2012-05-29	I have no idea why so many fans are so worried about this.  The episode description (released like a month ago for all to see) says "Jon pleases Qhorin" so obviously it's going down like it does in the books.  If that's not enough proof for you, their scene together in episode 8 essentially sets up Qhorin ordering Jon to kill him.There also appears to be a lot of people making assumptions about scenes who would have many of their questions answered by watching the preview and reading the episode description. The storylines for the episode are all laid out in these two places.  And if you want to know what the final scene is, the huge hint is in the recently released Season 2 soundtrack which has all the songs for the season listed in chronological order (including the songs from final scenes which play over the credits).  The final song on the soundtrack listing (after the track entitled "House of the Undying" is called "Three Blasts".  So there shouldn't be much question about what the finale is going to cover and what will be the final scene.I always find it funny when hardcore fans come on the episode thread a week ahead of time and say things like "They better show Jaqen with Arya" when Jaqen talking to Arya is right in the freaking preview for the episode.People aren't worried that they aren't gonna do it at all. They are worried they are gonna do in a hurry, like the end of Blackwater. House of the Undying, and the siege and sack of Winterfell alone could've been the meat of an entire episode in by book.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 29 May 2012 - 06:53 AM.
4882	Arkash	2012-05-29	I many times said I am not a stubborn purist, I understand the way of making movies and series.
I was just stating that it may seem weird for Qhorin to give the order in front of all the wildlings... except if he whispers it in the ear of Jon, which I guess will happen.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 29 May 2012 - 06:56 AM.
4883	BlackTalon	2012-05-29	I always find it funny when hardcore fans come on the episode thread a week ahead of time and say things like "They better show Jaqen with Arya" when Jaqen talking to Arya is right in the freaking preview for the episode.I am a hardore fan, I would never spoil the episode and the whole anticipation for myself by watching some preview.I never read the sample chapters for AFFC and ADWD on martinÂ´s website either, no matter how long the wait for those books was.
4884	Lord Rayder	2012-05-29	So if they do include visions, which ones do you think they'll include? I doubt the RW prediction, as mentioned before that would be too obvious. I also don't think they'd cast a Rhaegar...I'm a little rusty on the other visions. Any predictions?
4885	King Tommen	2012-05-29	People aren't worried that they aren't gonna do it at all. They are worried they are gonna do in a hurry, like the end of Blackwater. House of the Undying, and the siege and sack of Winterfell alone could've been the meat of an entire episode in by book.If we go by Season 1 and Season 2 episodes, they tend to cover off between 5-8 book chapters an episode.  In the books, House of the Undying and the sack of Winterfell are a chapter each, why would they take an entire 70 minutes to cover?  They are important but you don't need a ton of time to show what happens in them.   Blackwater was an entire episode because it covered off 7 chapters of the book (in addition to 3-4 added scenes that weren't in the book).70 minutes is approaching the length of a feature film.  Would you expect a movie to only cover two incidents in a story over its running time?  Is Dany going to watch visions for half an hour?
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 29 May 2012 - 07:43 AM.
4886	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-29	Regarding Ramsay; I don't think we'll see him at all this season. D&D already said they don't want to cast major characters in the last episode of a season, because this means they'll have to put the actor on hold for another year.I would be so disappointed not to see Ramsay, but at the same time I'd understand.. putting it off til next season will give them more time to do it justice; we can get the whole Reek thing, and theon will have more scenes, instead of being out of the picture for so long. One thing I am certain of is that if Ramsay appears, he won't be called Ramsay Snowthis doesn't seem like much of an issue as Ramsay would never let anyone call him 'Snow' or bastard.
4887	Carne	2012-05-29	I am a hardore fan, I would never spoil the episode and the whole anticipation for myself by watching some preview. I never read the sample chapters for AFFC and ADWD on martinÂ´s website either, no matter how long the wait for those books was.30 seconds is hardly spoiling anything at all.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 29 May 2012 - 08:04 AM.
4888	Crown	2012-05-29	I thought Blackwater would be the worst episode to wait for. Frankly, I'm even more anticipated for the finale.
4889	Strider	2012-05-29	http://news.directv....-may-28-june-3/70 minutes!!!!!I wish they had made it 90 minutes.  It's hard to see how the writers can do all that they need to to and pull everything together in only 70 minutes.  But 70 is better than 60!
4890	Nuttz	2012-05-29	My predictions:
Dany's story will end with her leaving Qarth. I don't see it ending right after HotU. It's not a very good point to end the series (it doesn't promise more), plus I can't see them using the Qarth set for just one episode next season. Whether or not they introduce Arstan I'm not sure about. It would be a good little cliffhanger (of sorts) to go with the promise of more when she leaves Qarth. I think they'll forgo the Arstan deception though. It's much more obvious just dressing another character up, in the books we have th unreliable narrator to trick us. Here that obviously wouldn't work, plus revealing Barristan would be more impactful than just some random old guy.
Jon's is fairly obvious, he'll kill Qhorin (at his orders) and leave for Mance's camp. There may be a glimpse of it as his final shot.
Not sure where Tyrion's will end. My best guess is it will be a bittersweet season end for him, with obviously being one of the saviors of King's Landing but being demoted to Master of Coin and geting no recognition. Then all of the other stuff with Marg + Joff and whatever they're planning with Ros. Sansa will most likely end with Dontos. I'm picturing the last line of her final scene will be Dontos saying something along the lines of "I'm going to help you escape".
I really really really hope that they will end Davos's story on being picked up by Salador. There's going to be little enough story for them next season wihtout cutting a significant chunk out of it. I can see it happening though as they also need to show Stannis and Mel somehow.
Arya will obviously get the coin and see Jaqen face-change, but one thing I'm pretty sure of is thatshe will kill someone. She ahsn't really had a big character moment this season, in terms of a visually striking change. Most other characters have or will in this last episode. Plus Arya just continuing on her way with Hot Pir and Gendry is a weak end for her arc this season. Killing someone will add a big shock to the end of her arc, and it works well within the story. It will basically end like in the books, just not in Harrelhal.
I think Jaime and Brienne will end with them being captured by the Bloody Mummers. This is based a lot on preview info where they seem to be fighting. I would rather that was kept for next season and their scene(s) this episode be of them evading capture, but that's a weak finish much liek Arya's would be.
I think Robb's will end with the revelation that Talisa is Jeyne and on top of that a Lannister spy. It would be another very strong ending, much better than just "we're going to RIverrun". The evidence is there, and if this doesn't turn out to be true then I will be very confused. Episode 5 is the main bit of evidence, when Tywin sends his cousin (Reginald) back to Lannisport. This immediately comes off the heels of him speculating about how to defeat Robb. It doesn't strike me as odd that he would decide to use Reginald's daughter Jeyne as a spy. The plan may have been to just spy on him, or it may have been for Jeyne to seduce Robb and cause him to break his vows with the Freys. Either way, I definitely think all this (and don't forget the mysterious parchment Talisa was holding along with all the spy dialogue) is related. Otherwise, why waste time on introducing a new character (not from the books) that is a Lannister? Why have Tywin send him back the Lannisport, in the general vicinity of Robb?
Either that or Robb's story ends with him hearing of Bran and Rickon's "death".
Bran's story will obviously end with him leaving Winterfell and I have no idea where Theon's will end.
4891	King Tommen	2012-05-29	Here's where I'm having a tough time understanding what's going on with Theon's story:
They've mentioned that Ramsay will be arriving at Winterfell to retake it for Robb, so he will be in the finale.  But they haven't cast an actor for Ramsay.  It doesn't make any sense.  If you don't want to budget the actor to be in this season (reasonable given how many new characters they needed to introduce this season) then why even have the Sack of Winterfell take place this season?  Push it back to next year and introduce him like they will probably be doing with the Reeds and the Tully's.  Or if you want to include the Sack of Winterfell but do it in a way where Ramsay isn't directly involved and only introduced next year, then don't have him be a part of the forces coming there.
You can get around an actor not being cast if you're only going to name check him (as they did with Stannis in Season 1) or just have an extra because he's got absolutely nothing to do but sit there under a hood (like with Jaqen in Season 1).  But the Sack of Winterfell requires Ramsay to interact with Theon and take some significant action, you can't just let an unseen, untalking extra do that.  Currently at Winterfell, they've only got Theon, Dagmer and Luwin who are characters of any importance left.  How exactly is the audience supposed to understand exactly why the city will be burned down?  Who is convincing Theon to open the gates for them?
A couple of notes from previous episodes that are probably important: Robb ordered Roose to relay to his bastard that all the Ironborn men at Winterfell except Theon would be allowed to go back to Pyke in exchange for letting them in and giving up Theon (which will obviously not be an order that is carried out, Theon's men are clearly going to get slaughtered). 
Also, when discussing war strategy before deciding to go back to King's Landing, Tywin talked about the chances of Robb attacking Casterly Rock and Kevan noted that Robb had sent a "splinter force" to retake Winterfell and wouldn't dare march on Casterly Rock until he was at "full strength".  I'm not sure if we're supposed to take the "splinter force" to mean Ramsay's men from the Dreadfort or not but that doesn't make a whole lot of sense if they're talking about Robb not being at full strength since Ramsay's men were never with him in the first place.  So does that mean that Robb also has a small force that will meet up with Ramsay's men at Winterfell to mirror the betrayal that happened with Rodrik's crew in the books outside the gate?  If so, Robb's crew would need the same jetpacks that Littlefinger has to zip around Westeros (either that or Ramsay's men are choosing to all ride turtles to get to Winterfell from the Dreadfort).
I'm really very interested in how this will all come off in the finale.  I literally have no idea on what they plan on doing.
4892	Im With Stannis	2012-05-29	I actually think they'll reveal a lot in the HOU.  What I think we'll see in the House of the Undying:
1. Raping rats
2. Ned saying "Let them grow up as brothers" and/or Lyanna saying "Promise me Ned"
3. The Trident
4. The Tourney at Harenhall
6. A Rheagar cameo with him naming Aegon- saying the TPTWP and the dragon must have 3 heads
7. Blue flower on the wall
8. Cloth dragon/some sort of dragon on strings alluding to the future Aegon being a fake
I do think that they'll leave out any RW stuff as it might be too obvious and they really want to punch the non-book readers where it hurts next season.  It's important that they get to some of the Jon Snow and Rheagar stuff in there.  You guys may know more then me- I don't think any Tower of Joy stuff is possible since Sean Bean wasn't asked to come back this season, and I don't think they have casted a Rheagar.
4893	dreamcatcher	2012-05-29	So if they do include visions, which ones do you think they'll include? I doubt the RW prediction, as mentioned before that would be too obvious. I also don't think they'd cast a Rhaegar...I'm a little rusty on the other visions. Any predictions?They have no excuse for not casting Rhaegar. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> I mean, they just need to find an unknown model to make a cameo and say two sentences. It would make book fans happy, and seeing as it's not a flashback (as ToJ scene would have to be when Ned was imprisoned), and there'll be other weird things in the HotU, I don't know why they wouldn't show him. That's a significant subplot they're missing here.
4894	Catastrophy	2012-05-29	I would be happy if we get any visions the House of the Undying, but we will more likely just hear prophecies.  (I hope I am wrong and visions will be seen) /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4895	Rhaquentis	2012-05-29	The truth is that the prophecy is not stressed in the show as much as it is in the books, so here's hoping they will keep mentioning it in the following seasons if the Rhaegar scene is not included.
4896	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-05-29	I'm prayin' for some flayin'! I think we might see Theon getting flayed by an offscreen Bastard. Did anybody else notice his mention of eunuchs in episode 207?
4897	Magjee	2012-05-29	I really really really hope that they will end Davos's story on being picked up by Salador. There's going to be little enough story for them next season wihtout cutting a significant chunk out of it. I can see it happening though as they also need to show Stannis and Mel somehow.I thought they might start season 3 with Davos stranded on the rock waiting to die.For the Winterfell battle we might not see any of the fighting, just the aftermath of Brann and Rickon leaving the crypts, just like book.Next season we meet up with Theon again, this time in chains at the Dreadfort.
4898	victim	2012-05-29	I'm really hoping that they utilise some of the flashbacks they shot for Season 1 but didn't use. Seeing the Mad King strangling Brandon and burning Rickard could be a wonderful thing for Dany to see and fits in perfectly with her arc. I can't imagine the HotU without visions, just hearing prophecies would be quite tame. I don't want to get my hopes up though, I just believe that this sequence has the potential to make or break Dany's second season arc, she's been boring thus far.
4899	sennahoj	2012-05-29	I expect Quaithe will play a role too, maybe dishing out prophecies. Just a hunch.
4900	Carne	2012-05-29	I really hope we see Sean Bean as one of Dany's visions.
Though I think he has said that he didn't film anything for season 2, so maybe he won't appear (or he was just saying that to throw people off).
4901	Fred Stark	2012-05-29	Unfortunately I think this episode will rush a bit from scene to scene. But here are my expectations:-Jon VS Qhorin-The Valar Morghulis scene and Jaqen H'gar changing his face-The aftermath of Blackwater that includes Tyrion waking up, Joffrey rewarding people and the announcement of the weddings of JoffreyxMargery and TyrionxSansa.-Brienne and Jamie being captured by the Brave Companions.-Theon getting ready for Ramsay, maybe we'll get a glimpse of the Bolton army arriving and Luwin will advise Theon to join the Night's Watch. I don't believe the sack will happen until season 3 where we'll see Ramsay clearly.-The house of the Undying....and I hope they show most of the prophecies. The House of The Undying without prophecies it would be like not showing the battle of Blackwater Bay.- And finally the three blasts, followed by a scene where we scene hundreds of blue eyes shining in the dark of night.I dont think they would be anouncing Tyrion marriage to Sansa in this episode.That would be like ruining the suprises of season 3 for the non readers.I guess Sansa arc in season 2 would end with her finding a note on her bed.
4902	victim	2012-05-29	I don't want Sean Bean in it because if I see Eddard Stark I may burst out in tears. It's worse enough when they simply mention him.
4903	mpbarnes	2012-05-29	So if they do include visions, which ones do you think they'll include? I doubt the RW prediction, as mentioned before that would be too obvious. I also don't think they'd cast a Rhaegar...I'm a little rusty on the other visions. Any predictions?I actually think they'll reveal a lot in the HOU.  What I think we'll see in the House of the Undying:1. Raping rats2. Ned saying "Let them grow up as brothers" and/or Lyanna saying "Promise me Ned"3. The Trident4. The Tourney at Harenhall6. A Rheagar cameo with him naming Aegon- saying the TPTWP and the dragon must have 3 heads7. Blue flower on the wall8. Cloth dragon/some sort of dragon on strings alluding to the future Aegon being a fakeI do think that they'll leave out any RW stuff as it might be too obvious and they really want to punch the non-book readers where it hurts next season.  It's important that they get to some of the Jon Snow and Rheagar stuff in there.  You guys may know more then me- I don't think any Tower of Joy stuff is possible since Sean Bean wasn't asked to come back this season, and I don't think they have casted a Rheagar.I'm not sure people would pick up on the RW stuff from HOTU, when I read it, I'd already been spoiled on the RW (but didn't have all the specifics), and it didn't click for me, Theon's dream was the major thing to me that seemed to show that Robb was not long for this world.  I've never really gotten the sense that first-time book readers, who are not online, knew the red wedding was coming, even if they thought Robb would be killed, I doubt they thought they'd stitch the wolf head on him, so I think this is a really cool vision and I'm hoping it's there, along with the Rhaegar vision.
4904	iheartseverus	2012-05-29	The ToJ vision in HOTU would be too much to ask, I guess, just because I'd love to see it so much.  But as far as Sean Bean not being asked back this season, who's to say D and D didn't film that little ToJ clip with Sean back when they had him under contract?ETA:  All those metaphoric visions will have the Unsullied over at TWoP speculating and discussing for years, just like we book readers have been doing all these years!  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 29 May 2012 - 10:06 AM.
4905	Carne	2012-05-29	The ToJ vision in HOTU would be too much to ask, I guess, just because I'd love to see it so much.  But as far as Sean Bean not being asked back this season, who's to say D and D didn't film that little ToJ clip with Sean back when they had him under contract?ToJ?If you're talking about the flashback picture released way back then that was of Sean Bean's stunt double (as Brandon).But you're right, they might use a deleted scene from season 1, or something they filmed back the specifically to be used in season 2.As for the Mad King, he might be in one of the visions. Look at this actor's credits: http://www.frontline...ale/liam-burke/ (this might just be the actor they cast for the deleted scene in season 1).
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 29 May 2012 - 10:08 AM.
4906	Arkash	2012-05-29	I would so love the visions, but you know, in the end I guess we will be disapointed... my take is that the HOTU will be like a dark maze with voices whispering things and in the end, Dany will find those old dudes half dead who will whisper her more things and the dragons will be there and they will breath fire and destroy the HotU.. which is already quite good, but I'm prepared not to have any vision at all...
4907	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-29	I haven't been expecting any visions.  The barrage of hallucinations and cryptic prophecies was pretty muddled and will be impossible to film.  They'll just need to pick a few essential things and make them very clear to the viewer.  I think mention of AA or PWWP and 'three treasons' would be enough - by Quaithe or some other warlock.
the main thing I care about is the upcoming burnination.
I think some kind of cliffhanger for Robb would be good.  Some reminder of Roose Bolton's significance and a tipoff to his betrayal.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 29 May 2012 - 11:08 AM.
4908	Crown	2012-05-29	I haven't been expecting any visions.  The barrage of hallucinations and cryptic prophecies was pretty muddled and will be impossible to film.  They'll just need to pick a few essential things and make them very clear to the viewer.  I think mention of AA or PWWP and 'three treasons' would be enough - by Quaithe or some other warlock.the main thing I care about is the upcoming burnination.I think some kind of cliffhanger for Robb would be good.  Some reminder of Roose Bolton's significance and a tipoff to his betrayal.Yeah, we have to see more of Roose Bolton, and make him mention his bastard at least once or twice before we actually see the Sack (if we see it).
4909	Arya The Assassin	2012-05-29	The episode will be 70 minutes long.http://news.directv....-may-28-june-3/The episode will be 64 minutes long (about 10 mins longer than usual), according to this article from HBO Watch:Final Episode of Season 2 will run 10 Extra MinutesYou can also see the running time here:http://www.hbo.com/#/schedule
4910	gogorath	2012-05-29	I expect to get prophecy for Dany.  Not sure what to expect from visions.  Even if we get them -- not sure we get words.
I do think the Wolf King is not nearly as spoilery as people think.  Leave out any blood/evidence of violence or even stitches and it just looks like a representation of Robb, potentially as an enemy.
4911	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-29	You don't need someone cast as Rhaegar in the vision, it just needs to be a dude.  I hope they show the RW vision.  Maybe there won't be any visions, just prophecies from Quaithe in the HotU.  The dragons grow.  Dunno.  I do hope they mention Riverrun.  I do hope they show Winterfell being sacked.  This is when Lewin will die, there has to be a Ramsay.  He can be in armor the entire time, no faces needed.
4912	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-29	I'm maybe hoping for too much, but since the title itself is 'Valar Morghulisthe title is the theme of the episode so you look at the true meaning of Valar Morghulis and that gives you the clue of how the episode will go
4913	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-29	I have no problem with Quaithe being Dany's sole source of prophecy (in fact, that'd keep things relatively simple, which isn't a bad idea).  But I'd rather not see Quaithe in the HotU as she appears to (correctly) have no connection with the Warlocks on the show.  Non-readers might assume she's in league with them.
After seeing the promo clip I actually hold out some hope that the HotU will play out at least reasonably similar to the book.  Dany wandering through dark rooms with four doorways certainly looks like the HotU I remember.  Most of the visions (Rhaegar/Elia, wolf king, mummer's dragon) don't seem as if they'd be that difficult to portray, and they'd give non-readers something weird and mysterious to chew on.
4914	WinterfellRose	2012-05-29	The 'Previously On' for ep.10 is 2 minutes long. Every story arc will be in it seems.
4915	WeLightTheWay	2012-05-29	I think they show Winterfell being sacked this episode. I thought I read an interview w/ Alfie Allen saying the actor playing Dagmer had seen parts of the Winterfell finale, and said they were awesome, that he's never seen anything like it before. I'll go try and find the interview.
Not sure if we will get words or visions in the HotU. Pretty sure it will stick with the three betrayals, three riders. Especially since arya mentioned the three riders earlier. I loved the ToJ flashback but I think if they were going to do that, they would have done it w/ Ned  in prison.
Hoping they can finish Robb/Catelyn strong. Robb's whole expanded storyline started off strong, but now seems like an afterthought.
4916	Crown	2012-05-29	The 'Previously On' for ep.10 is 2 minutes long. Every story arc will be in it seems.Link for those who seems to be wondering.Story-lines for the next episode:Sam & Co.Robb and Catelyn.Brienne and Jaime.Arya, Gendry, Hot Pie and Jaqen.Bran, Rickon, Hodor, Osha and Luwin.Robb and Roose.Qhorin, Jon, Rattleshirt and Ygritte.Robb and Talisa.Daenerys and Jorah.King's Landing aftermath.Going to be a busy episode.If you look at #6 (Rob & Roose) in the previously on you see them discussing Ramsay, I think we're going to see the Sack after all.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 29 May 2012 - 01:34 PM.
4917	Eye.H8.Sansa	2012-05-29	I would like to see atleast half of the whole episode devoted to the House of the Undying.  So much of our prophecies came from there, that I feel it very important.  And where in the world are Belwas and Arstan?
4918	Night Gathers	2012-05-29	I would like to see atleast half of the whole episode devoted to the House of the Undying.  So much of our prophecies came from there, that I feel it very important.  And where in the world are Belwas and Arstan?Would be great if the bearded Arstan shows up in the end of Dany's scene.
4919	Eye.H8.Sansa	2012-05-29	Yup.  Otherwise we go a whole season without Barristan the Bold.
4920	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-29	Story-lines for the next episode:Here's my predictions:Sam & Co. - Final scene - at the Fist, 3 blasts, maybe will show the WW charging up the side of the hill, cut to black.Robb and Catelyn. - He'll send her to Riverrun, maybe after finding out Hoster is dying.Brienne and Jaime. - Captured by the Brave Companions, Jaime gets his hand chopped early.Arya, Gendry, Hot Pie and Jaqen. - Coin / face change / Valar Morghulis.  I think Arya's arc ends with the three continuing north (mirroring last season).Bran, Rickon, Hodor, Osha and Luwin. - Post-sack scene, Luwin dies and departure north, similar to the book minus the Reeds.Robb and Roose. - Only in to re-establish Ramsay and his force assaulting Winterfell.  Speaking of which, sack of Winterfell will happen.Qhorin, Jon, Rattleshirt and Ygritte. - Qhorin will get a private moment with Jon and give his orders.  Ghost (might) come along to save the day as in the book.  Wildlings + Jon depart for Mance's camp.Robb and Talisa. - no clue.  Maybe they rush into marriage?Daenerys and Jorah. - HotU, dragons burn the Undying ones, ship to Astapor/Arstan (??)King's Landing aftermath. - Tyrion wakes up, Bronn gets knighted, Joff/Marge announced (but not Tyrion/Sansa).
4921	King Tommen	2012-05-29	I would like to see atleast half of the whole episode devoted to the House of the Undying.  So much of our prophecies came from there, that I feel it very important.  And where in the world are Belwas and Arstan?The content is important but it's only 1 chapter of the book, why does it need to take half an episode to show? Each episode always covers roughly 5-8 chapters of the book, you don't need 30-35 minutes to cover 1 chapter.
4922	Crown	2012-05-29	For those interested, there's a list of new characters for next season available here. I think we can easily say that our beloved Luwin will die next sunday.
4923	DurararaFTW	2012-05-29	Don't forget that Davos is gonna go from Blackwater to being thrown into Dragonstone cell all in this episode.
4924	Gaius Martell	2012-05-29	I feel like they are gonna stretch out the Winterfell/ Theon arc as long as they can, to keep giving Alfie screen time until he comes back for whichever season will be in.  Just like Nikolaj showed up in like 4 scenes this season, Alfie will probably get a scene or two with Ramsay flaying him in the dungeon under the Dreadfort two seasons from now, if they can draw out Ramsay/ Theon for at least one episode next season.
4925	Targaryen Frost	2012-05-29	Don't forget that Davos is gonna go from Blackwater to being thrown into Dragonstone cell all in this episode.Not so sure they're going to show Davos imprisoned just yet. It's at the beginning of A Storm of Swords that we find him on the spears hallucinating. I think a shot of him just laying there with no impending hope of rescue would be a great cliffhanger. Of course, so would his imprisonment, so I could see them going either way.
4926	Davos55	2012-05-29	I have watched Theon say "WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIEE!!" and Jorah saying "KHAALEEESSSIII" about a billion times. I love it! Can't wait for sunday!
4927	Maester Murks	2012-05-29	For those interested, there's a list of new characters for next season available here. I think we can easily say that our beloved Luwin will die next sunday.Nice to know that the Reeds and Queen of Thorns are confirmed. I keep my fingers crossed for Belwas /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
4928	Somnus	2012-05-29	For those interested, there's a list of new characters for next season available here. I think we can easily say that our beloved Luwin will die next sunday.No Ramsay ? Does that mean he already appears in this season (ep 10) or that they just didn't felt like listing him.Anyway....what a relief, the Reed's are in. And I wasn't expecting Olenna Redwyne to appear in the show, I was expecting Margery to cover her part.
4929	Crown	2012-05-29	I feel like they are gonna stretch out the Winterfell/ Theon arc as long as they can, to keep giving Alfie screen time until he comes back for whichever season will be in.  Just like Nikolaj showed up in like 4 scenes this season, Alfie will probably get a scene or two with Ramsay flaying him in the dungeon under the Dreadfort two seasons from now, if they can draw out Ramsay/ Theon for at least one episode next season.They can easily extend Theon's arc in season 3 and 4. They can add the Theon to Reek transformation in season 3, ending with his escape from the bastard with Kyra (?). And yeah, he'll get caught again in season 4 and they can continue the flaying, and a little bit of ADWD in the end of season 4.
4930	YTDN	2012-05-29	No Ramsay ? Does that mean he already appears in this season (ep 10) or that they just didn't felt like listing him.Anyway....what a relief, the Reed's are in. And I wasn't expecting Olenna Redwyne to appear in the show, I was expecting Margery to cover her part.It did say that not all the characters introduced in Season 3 were listed, so Ramsay might still appear.
4931	BlackTalon	2012-05-29	OTOH it would be perfectly sufficient to have some nameless dude in flayed-corpse armour with the visor down walk up to Theon and knock him out ... might even be more badass than showing his face.
4932	Apoapsis	2012-05-29	Crap, Daario is on that list.
On the other hand; the Reeds, Edmure, the Blackfish, Shireen!
Ramsay has to be one of the "few others", they can't very well skip him now that they've been talking about him for half a season.
4933	Harrad	2012-05-29	Alfie will probably get a scene or two with Ramsay flaying him in the dungeon under the Dreadfort.A scene or two? I heard there is a whole 2 hour flaying episode. It will put the Saw series to shame.
4934	Agalloch	2012-05-29	They can easily extend Theon's arc in season 3 and 4. They can add the Theon to Reek transformation in season 3, ending with his escape from the bastard with Kyra (?). And yeah, he'll get caught again in season 4 and they can continue the flaying, and a little bit of ADWD in the end of season 4.they've said asos will be spread out between season 3 & 4 so they likely won't touch much material from adwd until the end of season 5, or even season 6; if they decide to make affc two seasons as well.
					
					
							Edited by Agalloch, 29 May 2012 - 03:42 PM.
4935	The Frostfangs	2012-05-29	I like the idea of having Theons escape a capture in a more recent series just so we can see Alfie Allen instead of him just telling us about it in DWD
4936	SerMixalot	2012-05-29	NO STRONG BELLY!!!!!!!! AAARRRGGHHHH
I WILL PLAY HIM FOR FREE!
4937	SerMixalot	2012-05-29	I have watched Theon say "WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIEE!!" and Jorah saying "KHAALEEESSSIII" about a billion times. I love it! Can't wait for sunday!STELLLIIISSSSSIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!
4938	SerMixalot	2012-05-29	I have watched Theon say "WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIEE!!" and Jorah saying "KHAALEEESSSIII" about a billion times. I love it! Can't wait for sunday!STELLLIIISSSSSIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!
4939	Maester Murks	2012-05-29	I read someone's comment over at WiC that convinced me that the Dagmer=Ramsey theory is actually true. Dagmer looking the same age as Roose doesn't matter, because Ramsey is literally wearing Dagmer's face. It all makes sense now. So, Jagen wont be the only person changing its face next episode.
4940	moonsblood	2012-05-29	I just don't buy the Dagmar=Ramsay thing, why would Ramsay be on Pyke, how would he know that Theon would turn against the Starks, and why does Roose think he's at the Dreadfort?
4941	Warden of the North121	2012-05-29	I read someone's comment over at WiC that convinced me that the Dagmer=Ramsey theory is actually true. Dagmer looking the same age as Roose doesn't matter, because Ramsey is literally wearing Dagmer's face. It all makes sense now. So, Jagen wont be the only person changing its face next episode.This could either be really cool and scary or really cheesy depending on how they do it (are you sure this is true?).
4942	Warden of the North121	2012-05-29	One line in Blackwater that I thought was really funny even though it was in a tense situation:Mathos:"We've caught them by surprise!"Davos:"Lord Varys knows what you ate for breakfast three days ago, there are no surprises here!"
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 29 May 2012 - 09:16 PM.
4943	King Tommen	2012-05-29	I just don't buy the Dagmar=Ramsay thing, why would Ramsay be on Pyke, how would he know that Theon would turn against the Starks, and why does Roose think he's at the Dreadfort?I'm not subscribing to it anymore since Westeros has posted that D&D are also casting for Ramsay next year so it's probably just an extra this year but....If you wanted to go along with the theory, then Ramsay would have been dispatched by Roose to Pyke as soon as he learned that Theon was going back to meet with his father (something Roose would have been privy to in Robb's camp).  Ramsay would have skulked around waiting for the chance to introduce himself to Theon alone (which he did, waiting conveniently until all of Theon's crew were headed to the boat and Yara had left) and bluff that he was Theon's 1st mate.  The goal (as directed by Roose) would be to nudge Theon to turn against Robb (something Theon had already decided to do) and then suggest attacking WInterfell.  Dagmer basically goads Theon into doing this and does it in a way that it even makes Theon think its his idea.  Then they both come aboard the ship, Ramsay would bluff his role as 1st mate with Theon's crew by arriving with Theon to make it look like Theon, as ship captain was just bringing his own guy. Theon's crew didn't appear to be all that sharp and in on any plans as Theon had to inform them of what their mission was and that he was their new captain. Not knowing that a 1st mate was also coming along until seeing him pop up with Theon could be plausible based on this.After that, Ramasay never interacts with the rest of the crew and only serves as the devil on Theon's shoulder by goading him into executing Rodrik instead of imprisoning him like Theon was going to and also helping come up with the idea to burn the orphan kids (which mirrors what Reek did in the novels) doing it all with a fairly evil sneer. He even made himself scarce when Yara dropped by so that she wouldn't ask who he was and magically reappeared to chat with Theon after Yara left.Once the shit hit the fan, Roose would then not allow Robb to send any more men and instead say that he'd be sending Ramsay from the Dreadfort (knowing that Ramsay was already in Winterfell).  A force would leave from the Dreadfort (Ramsay's men without Ramsay) and then when they got to Winterfell, Ramsay would either convince Theon to let them into the gates or secretly grant them access.  Dagmer would reveal himself to Theon (just as Reek had done in the novels), kill all the Ironborn men, sack Winterfell and take Theon back to the Dreadfort with his men just like Reek did in the books.  As in the books, Roose and Ramsay could then blame the sacking on Theon which no one alive would be able to dispute.Convoluted? Kind of, but so was the whole Reek/Ramsay arc in the books so you could pull it off if you wanted to avoid the "Reek" story but still have the same "deception" arc with Theon.  It would be a nice way to fool book readers too by making the character Dagmer which would throw them off the scent.  In reality, this Dagmer is the same as the novels in name only as he's supposed to be a legendary Ironborn warrior that Theon knew as a child (none of which is true in the show version of the character).So all this being said, it's almost certainly not going to be the case.  You can't get around the age factor (he's way too old to be Roose's child) and there appears to be casting going on for him.  I'm still interested to see how they pull off his introduction in the finale when it's not going to be the actor playing him next year.  It's a weird choice, if you knew you weren't going to have the actor this year, why wouldn't you just push Ramsay arriving into the start of next season?  But you don't have Roose and Robb talking about him arriving in Winterfell for the last few episodes without it going down in the finale.  So I guess they'll just use a faceless, wordless extra for the Sack.  Seems weird IMO.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 29 May 2012 - 09:25 PM.
4944	Warden of the North121	2012-05-29	I am having my doubts that they sack Winterfell this season. They might just end Theon's storyline with him readying to defend the castle while Luwin urges him to join the Night's Watch. I don't want it to go down this way but it seems likely given that Ramsay hasn't been cast yet.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 29 May 2012 - 09:26 PM.
4945	iheartseverus	2012-05-29	I'm not subscribing to it anymore since Westeros has posted that D&D are also casting for Ramsay next year so it's probably just an extra this year but....But the casting list for next year has just been released today and the most noticable absence on it is--Ramsey.  There's no Ramsey.  We've got the Queen of Thorns, the Blackfish, Jojen and Meera, etc.  No Ramsey.  Now, that could be that D and D are being cagey... or, not.  Because, perhaps, Ramsey's already been cast and we've already met him?I hope its not true, not because I'm a book purist but because I don't see that big hulking smirking Dagmer as Ramsey.  But whatever...  D and D have given me hours and hours of joy, rage, outrage, laughter and a million things to talk about for two years now.  I'm trusting they'll just keep coming with the goodies.
4946	King Tommen	2012-05-29	But the casting list for next year has just been released today and the most noticable absence on it is--Ramsey.  There's no Ramsey.  We've got the Queen of Thorns, the Blackfish, Jojen and Meera, etc.  No Ramsey.  Now, that could be that D and D are being cagey... or, not.  Because, perhaps, Ramsey's already been cast and we've already met him?I hope its not true, not because I'm a book purist but because I don't see that big hulking smirking Dagmer as Ramsey.  But whatever...  D and D have given me hours and hours of joy, rage, outrage, laughter and a million things to talk about for two years now.  I'm trusting they'll just keep coming with the goodies.I'm aware that the EW story doesn't include the Ramsay casting but in the Westeros story on the main page, Elio added that they have some "little birds" telling them that Ramsay is also being cast for next year as well.
4947	DirtyRobes	2012-05-29	I read someone's comment over at WiC that convinced me that the Dagmer=Ramsey theory is actually true. Dagmer looking the same age as Roose doesn't matter, because Ramsey is literally wearing Dagmer's face. It all makes sense now. So, Jagen wont be the only person changing its face next episode.Haha No Way is Ramsey changing his face:-P What was it that you read? did it say he was Literally wearing Dagmer's face? Like Face/Off GoT addition?(hows that face not rotting?) or does Ramsey have FM abilities?(which is INSANE!!!). For whatever reason people seem to want Dagmer to = Ramsey I just think that would be a horrid change, IF they had planned to do something like that @ the Very least I imagine they would have cast an actor younger than the actor playing Roose.
4948	King Tommen	2012-05-29	I am having my doubts that they sack Winterfell this season. They might just end Theon's storyline with him readying to defend the castle while Luwin urges him to join the Night's Watch. I don't want it to go down this way but it seems likely given that Ramsay hasn't been cast yet.They pretty much have to sack Winterfell.  The episode description says Luwin gives some "final" advice which is almost always code for "dying" advice.  That would mean it's for Bran and crew after the Sack.  Also, the previews show Theon and there's nothing left for him to do but encounter Ramsay (who has been marching from the Dreadfort since like Episode 6).  I'm almost positive I read that they have shot the scene with Bran and crew leaving the crypts and that they also shot Winterfell burning down.Food for thought: there's an Alfie Allen interview where he answers the question "Is there a scene that you're most proud of this Season?" immediately by referencing a scene in Episode 10 that he had just heard from the actor who was in it with him was "amazing" after the actor watched the footage doing ADR (additional dialogue recording).  When asked who the actor was who he did the scene with, Allen said Ralph Ineson (Dagmer).  So whatever that scene is (and it could be a variety of things) Allen thinks it's memorable which means something significant is going to happen to him in the finale.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=5HKlKK2FlFo  Go to 4:25
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 29 May 2012 - 09:42 PM.
4949	DirtyRobes	2012-05-29	Sooo excited that list had...
THE REEDS
BLACKFISH
GIANTSBANE
&
THE QUEEN OF THORNS(I was convinced she was gone! now I think she will get an expanded character!)
Looks like Season 3 will be full of 'new' characters for viewers too & this is still a very early release, there'll likely be more!!! I wonder if this will start affecting the Greater viewership as the story continues to expand?
THE BASTARD OF THE DREADFORT!
Edited for BERIC!!! We will also get the Lightning Lord nxt yr, gonna be another busy season!!!
					
					
							Edited by DirtyRobes, 29 May 2012 - 09:52 PM.
4950	iheartseverus	2012-05-29	I'm aware that the EW story doesn't include the Ramsay casting but in the Westeros story on the main page, Elio added that they have some "little birds" telling them that Ramsay is also being cast for next year as well.Aha, good.  Although, hmmm, Ran, having 'little birds?'  /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
4951	moonsblood	2012-05-29	I'm not subscribing to it anymore since Westeros has posted that D&D are also casting for Ramsay next year so it's probably just an extra this year but...Interesting theory, I agree Dagmar has basically taken Reek's duties, and I could see a betrayal, but I don't think he's Ramsay.
4952	House Snow	2012-05-29	They are sacking winterfell, its already been reported that a scene was shot of the burning of Winterfell.  Its going to happen.  The thing that moved me away from the Dagmer+Ramsey theory is Robb offering to let the ironborn go.  I think that is probably going to be the setup that allows Dagmer to let Ramsey in.  I guess we either get a hemeted Ramsey or non at all.
4953	King Tommen	2012-05-29	They are sacking winterfell, its already been reported that a scene was shot of the burning of Winterfell.  Its going to happen.  The thing that moved me away from the Dagmer+Ramsey theory is Robb offering to let the ironborn go.  I think that is probably going to be the setup that allows Dagmer to let Ramsey in.  I guess we either get a hemeted Ramsey or non at all.Yeah, they have emphasized Robb's order in the preview for the finale so it's obviously going to be the way that Ramsay gains entry (the Ironborn (probably led by Dagmer) will give Theon up in exchange for their lives and then they'll get slaughtered anyways).
4954	Arkash	2012-05-29	Well, I am quite sure we will have a helmeted dude as Ramsay last episode, silencious, leading the sack of Winterfell and Bolton-men will shout "RAMSAY ! RAMSAY !", either that or the Winterfellers whispering: "The Bastard of Bolton !"
4955	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-29	My prediction is similar to what you guys have already said, Dagmar will knock Theon out and surrender to the Army from the Dreadfort, hoping for a reprieve per Robb's orders, but surprisingly the army that comes in the door will just start killing everybody, including Dagmar and all the iron born and burning the castle. Viewers will be confused as too why, and then later cut to Bran and company leaving the crypt with Winterfell sacked and burnt.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 29 May 2012 - 11:29 PM.
4956	bardgal	2012-05-29	Well, we WILL have the Fist of the First Men, since in the soundtrack, there is a music called "Three Blasts"...And D&D discussed with EW their making the White Walker language.....
4957	gogorath	2012-05-29	But the casting list for next year has just been released today and the most noticable absence on it is--Ramsey.  There's no Ramsey.  We've got the Queen of Thorns, the Blackfish, Jojen and Meera, etc.  No Ramsey.  Now, that could be that D and D are being cagey... or, not.  Because, perhaps, Ramsey's already been cast and we've already met him?I hope its not true, not because I'm a book purist but because I don't see that big hulking smirking Dagmer as Ramsey.  But whatever...  D and D have given me hours and hours of joy, rage, outrage, laughter and a million things to talk about for two years now.  I'm trusting they'll just keep coming with the goodies.Of course, in the same article they clearly say that is not a complete list.  And Ramsay auditions (as well as Vargo Hoat auditions, who was also not listed) are already leaking out.He's getting cast.  Hoat is getting cast.  So is everyone on that list AND MORE.
4958	madman2711	2012-05-30	yeas they will probably kill a few second or third tier characters to make room for these new ones
i realy think dagmer is doomed
4959	Crown	2012-05-30	Dagmer allowing Ramsay to enter Winterfell is a great theory, I think that is what's going to happen.
4960	Caro99	2012-05-30	Maybe I'm wrong, but I have this idea that HotU will be an animation sequence like the extras (the coloured ones) in the blu-ray.(or this is the best thing I can imagine trying to not get overly excited in order to not be disappointed afterwards)I love your Labyrinth pic!!
4961	victim	2012-05-30	I'm terrified that no face-change will occur and that the Faceless Men will just be a group of generic assassins. I think this because they've yet to be mentioned in the show.
It's like, when I read the book, I was shocked for only a moment before realising that he must be one of the mysterious assassins that can change their face that Littlefinger mentioned in book one. The reveal that Jaqen is a Faceless Man can't have the same impact because most audiences won't know what the heck that is.
If they do have him change faces, do you think they'll just get a new actor or use some make-up to make him look completely different/take off his wig/etc? I'm so worried they'll botch this moment.
4962	King Tommen	2012-05-30	I'm terrified that no face-change will occur and that the Faceless Men will just be a group of generic assassins. I think this because they've yet to be mentioned in the show.It's like, when I read the book, I was shocked for only a moment before realising that he must be one of the mysterious assassins that can change their face that Littlefinger mentioned in book one. The reveal that Jaqen is a Faceless Man can't have the same impact because most audiences won't know what the heck that is.If they do have him change faces, do you think they'll just get a new actor or use some make-up to make him look completely different/take off his wig/etc? I'm so worried they'll botch this moment.They actually have mentioned the Faceless men on the show.  In Season 1, in Doreah's discussion with Viserys in the tub, she describes once seeing a man who could change his face like another man would change clothing.  Not a big mention but it's not like they talked any more about the Faceless men in the books to this point than an offhand mention either.  That didn't diminish the effect of Jaqen's face change when I read it.And FYI, the actor playing Jaqen mentioned in an interview that he had filmed a scene involving his face being changed so I don't think there's anything for you to worry about.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 30 May 2012 - 03:36 PM.
4963	iheartseverus	2012-05-30	They actually have mentioned the Faceless men on the show.  In Season 1, in Doreah's discussion with Viserys in the tub, she describes once seeing a man who could change his face like another man would change clothing.  Not a big mention but it's not like they talked any more about the Faceless men in the books to this point than an offhand mention either.  That didn't diminish the effect of Jaqen's face change when I read it.And FYI, the actor playing Jaqen mentioned in an interview that he had filmed a scene involving his face being changed so I don't think there's anything for you to worry about.I believe the FM were also mentioned during the council meeting when Robert was figuring out how to have Dany killed.  Someone (I forget who--Littlefinger?) mentioned hiring a Faceless Man and I believe Varys said it would cost a fortune.
4964	victim	2012-05-30	It goes down that way in the books but not in the show. Littlefinger only speaks about being in bed with an ugly girl.
4965	King Tommen	2012-05-30	It goes down that way in the books but not in the show. Littlefinger only speaks about being in bed with an ugly girl.What are you referring to?
4966	Rhaquentis	2012-05-30	Ralph Ineson, the guy who plays Dagmer in the show stated in his twitter that he was not contacted by D&D for the new season. I believe he will be one of Ramsay's victims in the show finale, so he's definitely not Ramsay anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Rhaquentis, 30 May 2012 - 04:25 PM.
4967	bardgal	2012-05-30	Me, too, hoping for a face change, but then change back ASAP because, as you so rightly describe him, he's delicious. A Man is perfect as he is.  Perfect.  Perfect.I think they'll only change his hair. He's a pretty chameleon like actor, and with different hair, he looks completely different. I'd think they'd keep the same actor. OR - he turns around, and changes height, hair, and build from the back - that way they don't have to recast that role until........ they need to. I hope they don't do that, because I think it's important that Arya SEES his new look. And as you say..... A man is perfect.
4968	iheartseverus	2012-05-30	I think they'll only change his hair. He's a pretty chameleon like actor, and with different hair, he looks completely different. I'd think they'd keep the same actor.OR - he turns around, and changes height, hair, and build from the back - that way they don't have to recast that role until........ they need to. I hope they don't do that, because I think it's important that Arya SEES his new look. And as you say..... A man is perfect.Agree.  Another good way to change a face is to puff out the cheekbones and jawline (though, a girl wonders if A Man would have trouble saying 'Valar Morghulis' with his cheeks and gums stuffed with cotton balls!  Hee!)  So, puffy face, totally different hair, thick eyebrows, maybe even a scruffy beard--and bingo!  New face. Note to A Man:  Please do what you must do, but then return to your own pretty self ASAP.  These girls humbly make this request.
4969	MaximusDecimus	2012-05-30	Still regarding appearance changes, Am I the only one that would have liked to see Varys in his various disguises? It would certainly add a much more mysterious aura to the character in the show, as it happens in the books ( however I know that would be hard to pull.
Nevertheless, it was a very happy week since the news of the presence of the Reeds (easily my favorite characters, especially Howland even though he did not appear yet) . For most of the season, I was under the impression that Luwin would substitute Osha and Osha would take Bran to Brynden (since she already said one of Jojen lines).
Also, pretty sure that Dagmer will betray Theon and die. Would still lead to that feeling that the main reason for Theon's  fall was listening to advice from the wrong (and extremely cruel) person, and would show Ramsay as a traitor, since he would make a deal with Dagmer and kill him nonetheless.
					
					
							Edited by MaximusDecimus, 30 May 2012 - 05:15 PM.
4970	Maester Murks	2012-05-30	Haha, that comment i saw on WiC on Ramsey wearing Dagmer's face was of course not a leak or anything like that, only a rather humorous idea how that absurd theory could work. sorry if i was indpecific about that /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
4971	moonsblood	2012-05-30	Still regarding appearance changes, Am I the only one that would have liked to see Varys in his various disguises? It would certainly add a much more mysterious aura to the character in the show, as it happens in the books ( however I know that would be hard to pull.I totally want to see Varys in his various disguises, and Conleth Hill has a good face for that sort of thing.
4972	Apoapsis	2012-05-30	Still regarding appearance changes, Am I the only one that would have liked to see Varys in his various disguises? It would certainly add a much more mysterious aura to the character in the show, as it happens in the books ( however I know that would be hard to pull.The final revelation in the finale will be that Tyrion died in the Eyrie and Varys has been dressing up as him ever since.Yes, even when they're in the same room talking to each other. He's that good.
4973	Ciglon	2012-05-30	I think that they will use CGI and a new actor for Jaqen's face change. It will mean that we will have to wait ~2 years or so to see him again (and then only for 2 seasons, long pause, then him being Pate) and that's all if they choose to follow the oldtown plot from the book which may prove difficult onscreen.I was thinking before that maybe they'll just push all the oldtown stuff back up until almost right before Sam gets there, that way the non-book audience will actually know who the hell pate is etc, unless it turns out to be important that Jaqen be at oldtown for a certain amount of time before Sam's arrival or something.The main problem with doing this episode's scene with CGI and a new actor is that he will be hanging around for a few years with nothing to do with the program until oldtown scenes, but I think they will ultimately not be too afraid to do this (after all, we haven't seen maester aemon for a whole season, and if they do those Quaithe scenes later on, she'll only be doing one scene a year or so, etc)
4974	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-30	No no no.  In order to convey the magical nature of the Faceless Men to the audience, Jaquen's face change must be complete, it's can't just be makeup or camera tricks or hair dye, that would make it seem that Faceless Men are just good at disguises.  He has to have a completely different face.
4975	Warden of the North121	2012-05-30	Am I the only one who gets giddy every time Roose says, "my bastard at the Dreadfort?"
4976	iheartseverus	2012-05-30	Warden, I keep trying to quote you, but keep getting a 'no permission' message.  Jeebus, this site is FUBAR right now...
I follow the 'unsullied' (non book readers) at TWoP pretty regularly, and every time I think about Ramsay *shudder* I try to even imagine their reaction.  They've spent these two seasons discussing how awful, terrible, cruel, psycho, nuts, mean, cold, are the various 'bad' characters they've met.  And I say to myself 'yoicks, folks, you aint' seen nuthin' yet!'  Ramsay is the stuff of nightmares.  Freak, par excellence.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
4977	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-30	^yea theyll be wishing for Joffrey to come back when they meet the bastard of dreadfort
4978	LiamBridge	2012-05-30	When ever I see one of them post about wanting Ramsay to save Winterfell, then keep everyone safe at the Dreadfort, I cant help but smile.
If only they knew.
4979	iheartseverus	2012-05-30	sigh.. still can't quote.  Liam, yep, he'll be a shocker.  But all along, they've been calling Roose 'Ser Sinister,' and 'Ser Creepy' and 'Ser Suspicious', so the show's done a good job setting up his bastard.  Although, to say anyone's 'prepared' for a Ramsay is like saying a mosquito is prepared for a sledge hammer.  Reading Ramsay's chapters in the books actually sickened me, and terrified me.  Because there really are freaks like Ramsay in the world, our world.  Just never thought I'd have to meet one, face to face, in such ... detail.
4980	Harrad	2012-05-30	Just never thought I'd have to meet one, face to face, in such ... detail.I like the prediction on this board that there will be "one or two flaying scenes" in the Dreadfort. HBO goes snuff porn.
4981	Zappotack	2012-05-31	"Look. Everyone knows that they did away with the chain so they could film Tywin's horse. AFTER Tywin's horse, I think they will indeed end with a long view of Mance's forces as the three blasts are blasted. Last year they finished with fire. This year they will finish with ice."Season 3: Could be Dracarys.Season 4: Stannis against the Wildlings
4982	gpdrometer	2012-05-31	"Last year they finished with fire. This year they will finish with ice.ohhh I like that.
4983	Zappotack	2012-05-31	ohhh I like that.Wasn't my idea I tried to quote in the other thread and somehow it ended up herehttp://asoiaf.wester...on/page__st__20
4984	gpdrometer	2012-05-31	so who else thinks Barristan will appear at the end of the episode? surely they won't want to wrap up Qarth in season three, so I think Dany will meet him this episode and receive her three ships. and I'd also wager that they cut out the assassination attempt since it isn't crucial
so the cliffhangers for the final ten minutes are dany getting her ships, robb proposing to talisa/jeyne/whatever, winterfell burning and the three horn blast?
					
					
							Edited by gpdrometer, 31 May 2012 - 02:09 AM.
4985	Chris77	2012-05-31	Though I think/hope that the Sacking will be in S3 (due to all the budget rightly spent on Blackwater), I think it could be possible to show Theon readying his men, see the Army approaching and then cut to the crypts. Bran and company will later emerge into the ruined Winterfell and find Luwin dying. He tells them of Ramsay's betrayal and sends them on their way.
I believe that we will see some flashbacks in the HOTU. D&D  said that there are no deleted scenes in the S1 boxsets because all material was used, but we know of the starngling scene in the Mad Kings throneroom. Maybe they didn't have the screentime left  to insert the flashbacks in S1 so they kept them for HOTU. I remember back in Episode 8 there was a scene where a guard kicks Ned awake which seemed out of context, I think it was where the flashback was originally intended to fit.
This would also explain the rumors of a Sean Bean cameo, even though he wasn't contracted for S2 (and his bones do not count, we haven't even seen them).
Maybe we will even get a TOJ scene, which would be a great introduction to the (finally confirmed) Reeds in S3.
Oh and I am sure that the 3 blasts will be the final scene ( they will show Sam talking about their significance in the "Previously on GoT" to remind the non readers).
I think that Xaro will kill Pyat Pree and send Dany on her way
Anyways I will know more in 3 weeks since I am going on vacation tomorrow.
4986	Arkash	2012-05-31	They dont menton the three blasts in the previously for upcoming episode, but show the Fist, they are not spoiling the three blasts by forshadowing them in the previously segment.
As for the sack, I am quite sure it will be in this episode: like a messenger send by Ramsay talking to the Iron Born... we would then barely see Ramsay but more his messenger speaking for him, alongside whispers among the Winterfellers "The Bastard of Bolton, this is the Bastard of Bolton", then the sack...
Furthermore, it is quite obvious the showrunners will not want to have the Qarth set build again next season, so I'm quite confident in having Dany's departure and maybe meeting Barristan on the ship or the decks... they are just keeping the surprise until the end.
Yeah, I talked about the finales of Fire and now Ice a while back on a thread.
I dont think we will have any Robb scene this episode.... or maybe just one like: "A raven arrived from Riverrun, mother, your father is really sick and we have to break the siege, we're moving there asap !" and then shots on Robb's army preparing to move.
Then, since the Reeds will appear next season, I'm quite confident Luwin will die at the hands of Dreadfort men and Osha will take Hodor and the children with her until we meet the Reeds next season: this way we will have some Osha and Rickon screen-time next season, even if it's just for the first two episodes.
The big mysteries for the episode are: the Hotu... cant wait.
And the scenography of Jon and Qhorin duel... cant wait too...
And last, I'm quite sure we will have Davos this episode: they will want to prove the non-readers that he is alive to avoid vain and useless spitballing until next season, and putting solme Davos in this episode can be really great.
4987	jlk7e	2012-05-31	I'm still of the mind that she is Jeyne Westerling. I don't think she and Robb made it to the Crag before Cat released Jaime, and I think he'll still need to go, even if she is a noble lady from Volantis, there is no reason for him to not marry the Frey, unless she is a westerosi noblelady. Her not being a Westerling robs the story moving forward, so we likely won't get a marriage, but we might get a sense that she is not who she seems to be.No way they didn't make it to the Crag.  Robb was supposed to be getting back the morning after the night when Catelyn releases Jaime, and there he is, during the day, after Catelyn has released Jaime.  That means he's returning on schedule, which surely means he and Talisa made it to the Crag and are on their way back.  The fact that the riders meet them from the direction they're headed, rather than catching up to them from behind, also indicates that they are on their way back.And while I also think she may secretly be Jeyne, I'm not sure why her secretly being Jeyne would have any impact on whether Robb marries her.  The reason it's hard to see why Robb would marry her is because of the way Robb has been depicted, not anything to do with Talisa.  In the books, Robb is a 15 year old boy who is immature enough to angrily shout "My uncle is not dead!!!" when told something he has trouble dealing with (Yoren was not impressed.)  His deep immaturity is what makes his decision to marry Jeyne convincing - he's still foolish enough to think that marrying this girl he had sex with is the honorable thing to do, in spite of his promises to the Freys.  The Robb we've seen in the show is a man, not a boy, and as a result this element of the plot, which, in the book, very much depends on Robb being still very much a boy, is hard to manage.  I'll be interested to see how they manage it.
4988	jlk7e	2012-05-31	Maybe it's already been said: I have to read the last two pages of the thread but prevision: Davos will be saved by Sallador Saan in the last episode.Then, my biggest fear for this episode, apart from the Hotu, is concerning Jon: I'm afraid Jon will decide to kill Qhorin on his own... but I'd so want Qhorin to give the order himself.Why would you be afraid of that?  Qhorin was already indicating in episode 18 that Jon will need to join the Wildlings, and Jon wasn't taking the hint.  Qhorin is going to have to be more explicit, and I don't see any reason to think he won't be.
4989	King Tommen	2012-05-31	Why would you be afraid of that?  Qhorin was already indicating in episode 18 that Jon will need to join the Wildlings, and Jon wasn't taking the hint.  Qhorin is going to have to be more explicit, and I don't see any reason to think he won't be.Also the episode description says "Jon proves himself to Qhorin".  How much clearer can it be?
4990	Fred Stark	2012-05-31	No Ramsay ? Does that mean he already appears in this season (ep 10) or that they just didn't felt like listing him.Anyway....what a relief, the Reed's are in. And I wasn't expecting Olenna Redwyne to appear in the show, I was expecting Margery to cover her part.I dont think we will be seeing Theon is season 3 ..maybe season 4 and as Olena ..YAY!!!While Maggie Smith playing the role  is to good to be true,I guess Jacki Weaver  from Animal Kingdom would make a great Olena(Of course you need to  make her older through makeup)...The irish actress who plays Eloise Hawkings in Lost also seem to be perfect for the role
4991	Crown	2012-05-31	I think that they will use CGI and a new actor for Jaqen's face change. It will mean that we will have to wait ~2 years or so to see him again (and then only for 2 seasons, long pause, then him being Pate) and that's all if they choose to follow the oldtown plot from the book which may prove difficult onscreen.I was thinking before that maybe they'll just push all the oldtown stuff back up until almost right before Sam gets there, that way the non-book audience will actually know who the hell pate is etc, unless it turns out to be important that Jaqen be at oldtown for a certain amount of time before Sam's arrival or something.The main problem with doing this episode's scene with CGI and a new actor is that he will be hanging around for a few years with nothing to do with the program until oldtown scenes, but I think they will ultimately not be too afraid to do this (after all, we haven't seen maester aemon for a whole season, and if they do those Quaithe scenes later on, she'll only be doing one scene a year or so, etc)I thought the same, they could have Sam meet Pate, introduce him a bit, then have Pate killed by Jaqen. I didn't even notice Pate was killed in the prologue, and re-appeared in last chapter.
4992	Sound_of_winter	2012-05-31	Is it sad that I'm  still hoping Ramsey will take off his helm and reveal its Cillian Murphey? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4993	End of Disc One	2012-05-31	Is it sad that I'm  still hoping Ramsey will take off his helm and reveal its Cillian Murphey? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />That's who I always pictured as I read the books.
4994	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-31	The three horn blasts will be in.  The soundtrack for the second season was released 5/29.  The final track is entitled, "Three Blasts".
4995	Grendel Khan	2012-05-31	Hey gang, been here lurking for a while now, seeing the casting news for next season got me so pumped I had to jump in. Queen of Thorns? Blackfish Tully? The Reeds!?! Ramsey and Vargo Hoat!!!???!! AAAAGGGGHHHH, I;m so glad these characters are making the cut next year. its going to be a long, long wait for next season.
I'm stilll keeping my fingers crossed that we get Arstan the Bold and Strong Belwas at the end of Dany's arc this season. (Because Whitebeard is awesome and Belwas is obviously the third head of the dragon)
I think I'm more excited for this ep than I was for Blackwater. Cant wait to see John vs. Qhorin (although I am a little dissapointed with show-Qhorin, he just never really came across like the complete and total badass he was in the book), Jaime and Brienne's evolving love fest, Arya on her (eventual) way to the Twins and, oh sweet lord, HOTU! I hope we get a few of the premonition / clues that were dropped in the visions in the book. In particular the R+L=J "promise me Ned", and the RW teaser (alot of people on here seem to think it would be too big of a giveaway for the RW, which it could be, but my sense of it on my first read through was that Robb, the wolf king, would be the biggest threat to Dany when she got Westeros, and maybe even the one to kill her. I had no idea the vision was so literal in the sewing of the head.).
Anyway, totally pumped for this ep. Don;t know what the hell I;m going to do to stay sane until next season rolls around (read through #3 of the books I guess!)
4996	Arkash	2012-05-31	Am I the only one who didnt theorize anything from the Hotu in the book ? I could have but decided not to think about it and that it as did Dany: visions, enigmatic and oniric...
4997	jlk7e	2012-05-31	Also, pretty sure that Dagmer will betray Theon and die. Would still lead to that feeling that the main reason for Theon's  fall was listening to advice from the wrong (and extremely cruel) person, and would show Ramsay as a traitor, since he would make a deal with Dagmer and kill him nonetheless.I don't get this conviction people have that Dagmer will betray Ramsay.  It just seems like a lame attempt to compromise with the "Ramsay=Dagmer" theory, or some kind of Ramsay=Dagmar Lite.  Dagmer is a terrible asshole, but he's a terrible asshole because the Ironborn are basically all terrible assholes.  It doesn't even make sense how anything he's done has helped Ramsay, or how he would have been in contact with the Boltons.  What currently unexplained issues would be explained by having Dagmer be a traitor?  How does that leave anything making more sense?  It's a solution in search of a problem.
4998	Crown	2012-05-31	I don't get this conviction people have that Dagmer will betray Ramsay.  It just seems like a lame attempt to compromise with the "Ramsay=Dagmer" theory, or some kind of Ramsay=Dagmar Lite.  Dagmer is a terrible asshole, but he's a terrible asshole because the Ironborn are basically all terrible assholes.  It doesn't even make sense how anything he's done has helped Ramsay, or how he would have been in contact with the Boltons.  What currently unexplained issues would be explained by having Dagmer be a traitor?  How does that leave anything making more sense?  It's a solution in search of a problem.I don't think you understand. What MaximumDecmus means is that Dagmer will betray Theon and not Ramsay. He'll open the gates for Ramsay and accept his offer (return safely to the Iron Islands, after you surrendered). Afterwards Ramsay slaughters them all and sacks Winterfell.
4999	WetHair	2012-05-31	I agree.  At this point it appears that even though heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an evil prick, as far as the ironborn are concerned Dagmar has given Theon what, for lack of a better term, is good advice.  But that fact that he never DOES talk to anyone else is problematic.  I hated the fact that he took on Ramsayâ<U+0080><U+0099>s role as devil on Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shoulder because Reek/Ramsay was so much a part of Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s arc but at least he did a very good job of it.  But entirely apart from messing with his arc another reason I'm sorry that Ramsay didn't appear is that it would let the audience see that he is actually pretty cunning, a fact that isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mentioned that often.  He not only thinks fast on his feet but also can sustain the role of another entirely different person very effectively.  Please donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t interpret that comment as my feeling any affinity for Ramsay whatsoever!!!@ Fred Stark â<U+0080><U+0093> I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine D&D not having Theon in a few episodes; at this point he is too important to leave out.  Well he certainly is to me anyway but Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure I have lots of company.  I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how he is supposed to lose so much weight and still stay healthy.......Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m very much hoping that the â<U+0080><U+009C>final adviceâ<U+0080><U+009D> that Maester Luwin gives Theon just means what it saysâ<U+0080>¦â<U+0080>¦.that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s his final advice to Theon, not his final advice to anyone.  His character is wonderful as is the actor who plays him.  It would be great if they split up and he was the one to take Rickon while Bran and Hodor went with Osha, but since the 3-eyed crow didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get any screen time (some animal trainer is very disappointed) why really split up at all?  I'm probably going to be disappointed with this.
5000	addsend	2012-05-31	I'm told that Ian McElhinney confirmed on an Irish chat show tonight that he'll be appearing in episode 10. Might have been lied to, but doubt it.
Most likely to rescue Dany.
5001	pntrlqst	2012-05-31	I'm told that Ian McElhinney confirmed on an Irish chat show tonight that he'll be appearing in episode 10. Might have been lied to, but doubt it.Most likely to rescue Dany.I think it's fishy he just created a Twitter account on May 21st with his picture being him as Ser Barristan. Seems to me that he's anticipating a return to TV and is acting in accordance. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
5002	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-31	IIRC Robb Sends out a search party or something to  go and find Jaime and Brienne. So they could be the ones that Brienne is killing. Could also be the Companions too.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 31 May 2012 - 04:56 PM.
5003	dreamcatcher	2012-05-31	I really hope they won't replace the actor playing Jaqen. I mean, I know he's meant to get a new face (his own face?) in the books, but this actor is perfect. They could just make him switch faces from time to time, but always come back to this one.
5004	MaximusDecimus	2012-05-31	Still on the Dagmer = Traitor camp, I mainly believe in that because, if I recall correctly my feelings when reading the books, was that Theon made his first error in freeing "Reek", and I think even master Luwin advised him not to (or am I wrong?), and not only that, he started listening his advices (his main mistakes, such as kill false Bran and Rickon were Bolton's suggestion,while Asha gave him genuinely good advice that he did not listen to).
Anyway, I see two possible "sack of Winterfell" scenarios, respecting Theon's arc as a character:
1 - Ramsay Bolton proposes some kind of alliance, Dagmer advices him to agree while Luwin tell him to not trust Ramsay. Theon agrees and is betrayed (this still maintain the Theon listens to bad advice, and Luwin giving him his final advice). This way Dagmer would not need to be a traitor, just a bad source of advice.
2 - Dagmer makes his own deal with Ramsay when things are dire in the siege, while Luwin advices Theon not to trust Dagmer. Dagmer opens the gates and is betrayed by the Boltons that sack Winterfell.
At least in my point of view, these two would respect the main points of the story character-wise for Theon.
But none of that matters, now that there will be Reeds /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5005	tryagainlater	2012-05-31	70 minutes! Sweet.
I wouldn't have thought that Jaime would lose his hand this quickly but that preview makes it seem so.
5006	King Tommen	2012-05-31	While Luwin may very well plead with Theon, I think it's fairly clear that the "final advice" given by Luwin referenced in the episode description is when he splits up the Stark kids before he dies.  You don't highlight this in the episode description unless it's something major.  Luwin telling Theon he's making a mistake or telling him he should go to the Night Watch is not at that level.
5007	Arkash	2012-05-31	No I'm sure Brienne is fighting Stark men chasing them.
They dont have the budget for a rock and a ship, so small fight instead.
5008	jlk7e	2012-05-31	Crown - sorry, that's what I meant, that Dagmer would betray Theon.  I misspoke.  I don't see why Ramsay would let the Ironborn go home, or why he'd offer that to Dagmer and not Theon.  I don't understand why we have any reason to believe that any of this will happen. 
I also don't think much of the whole "Dagmer never talks to anyone but Theon" business.  Except for two conversations with Black Lorren, Theon doesn't really talk to any of the Ironborn, either.
5009	victim	2012-05-31	The best way for the sack of Winterfell to unfold would be to have Theon spurring his troops into action when they capture a mysterious envoy/scout from the Northern army which is rapidly approaching. This envoy, despite his terrible smell, offers terms to the Iron Born that state Robb's wish of "all Iron Born men can live except Theon" and can perhaps be overheard by Dagmer or Black Lorren. When they see a relatively large army approaching, the Iron Born ride out in surrender but are cut down despite of this, thus the betrayal occurs. Theon and a few of his own retainers remain in the castle and shuffle to close the gates which of course they don't do in time and the castle is swarmed and begins to burn. Theon attempts to retreat with the envoy as his hostage before being attacked by Northerners anyway. The scene cuts as Theon is hit and presumed dead. The envoy dies in the commotion somehow. 
The envoy is the original Reek, sworn servant and best friend to Ramsay Snow. Now Ramsay needs a new Reek! It's also a great way of showing Ramsay as a little bit psychotic without even needing to show him.
It's probably a little too detailed for one episode but I think with 70 minutes they could definitely save 15-20 of them to go to this part of the storyline. That's how long it should take.
5010	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-31	My guess is the envoy of Northern men, lead by Ramsay, show up and Theon views them from the tower.  Lewin tell shim to surrender.  Then, as in the books, as Theon sees the Dreadfort men turn on the others.  
We don't need to see Ramsay's face, Lewin can tell him "that's the Bastard of Bolton".  Somehow Ramsay will let Theon know that he is on his side, to get him to let them enter Winterfell.  Then the Bolton men slaughter the Ironborn.  That's how the season ends there.
Or so I think.
5011	Ciglon	2012-05-31	I don't see why Ramsay would let the Ironborn go home, or why he'd offer that to Dagmer and not Theon.You don't see why Ramsay, who has been sent to recapture Winterfell, will not want to try to convince the ironborn to walk out of their double-walled castle in surrender with a (false) promise of release rather than try to take Winterfell, the heart of the north, by force? He'd win, but why bother when he can get them to just walk meekly out, or put down their swords and let him enter?And I'm pretty sure whatever that the envoy Ramsay sends will shout the offer out to all the ironmen and dagmer (the de facto leader of them) will take him up on that. This is not hard to believe at all and pretty plausible.You're right on the whole not talking to anyone thing, I think they just wanted to limit too many people talking this season so tv-only people won't get confused. It probably costs less as well to just hire extras for ironmen that don't talk to theon or dagmer.I like the idea of Reek somehow dying throughout this, and it would be great IMO if theon orders his death as well perhaps, that would really clarify to the audience why Ramsay wants a new reek and perhaps might give a reason (other than plain cruelty) that he makes Theon his new reek.
5012	bardgal	2012-05-31	Am I the only one who didnt theorize anything from the Hotu in the book ? I could have but decided not to think about it and that it as did Dany: visions, enigmatic and oniric...When I read it, I reread it about three times because it's written so...... well - as a vision. It spoiled nothing for me going forward. I was shocked as hell when the RW happened, and the whole wolf-head thing... So I think they could do a lot of it and not give anything away for the non book people, as long as it's as vague and vision-like as the book.I'm going to reread that chapter before Sunday.
5013	The Unborn	2012-05-31	I'm sure they way it will play out will be that Ramsay (or an envoy) will states his terms (all ironborn can go home, except Theon), the ironborn will betray him, and Bolton men will kill every ironborn except for Theon.
5014	jlk7e	2012-05-31	I'm sure they way it will play out will be that Ramsay (or an envoy) will states his terms (all ironborn can go home, except Theon), the ironborn will betray him, and Bolton men will kill every ironborn except for Theon.You're sure? There's any number of ways it might play out.
5015	Zappotack	2012-06-01	In regards to the HOTU is there any news of the actor who played Viserys coming back to play Rhaegar because they looked very similar."The man had her brotherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hair, but he was taller, and his eyes were a dark indigo rather than lilac."
5016	RickonTheBAMF	2012-06-01	I'm wondering how the Qarth plotline will unfold. Will it just end with Dany and Drogon barbecuing the Undying, or will they run it out to Ser Barristan saving her from the Sorrowful Men?
5017	dreamcatcher	2012-06-01	In regards to the HOTU is there any news of the actor who played Viserys coming back to play Rhaegar because they looked very similar."The man had her brotherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hair, but he was taller, and his eyes were a dark indigo rather than lilac."I hope not.
5018	MaximusDecimus	2012-06-01	We all have to remember that WInterfell is said to be VERY hard to take by usual military means. While my memory is terrible, I believe it is said in the series also. I believe that Theon`s stupidity is a must see, even for series-only watchers.
Winterfell must fall by subterfuges, or else it would undermine a number of things of the novels/series
5019	Bayard	2012-06-01	Still on the Dagmer = Traitor camp, I mainly believe in that because, if I recall correctly my feelings when reading the books, was that Theon made his first error in freeing "Reek", and I think even master Luwin advised him not to (or am I wrong?), and not only that, he started listening his advices (his main mistakes, such as kill false Bran and Rickon were Bolton's suggestion,while Asha gave him genuinely good advice that he did not listen to).Anyway, I see two possible "sack of Winterfell" scenarios, respecting Theon's arc as a character:1 - Ramsay Bolton proposes some kind of alliance, Dagmer advices him to agree while Luwin tell him to not trust Ramsay. Theon agrees and is betrayed (this still maintain the Theon listens to bad advice, and Luwin giving him his final advice). This way Dagmer would not need to be a traitor, just a bad source of advice.2 - Dagmer makes his own deal with Ramsay when things are dire in the siege, while Luwin advices Theon not to trust Dagmer. Dagmer opens the gates and is betrayed by the Boltons that sack Winterfell.At least in my point of view, these two would respect the main points of the story character-wise for Theon.But none of that matters, now that there will be Reeds /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well, yes, maybe from Theon's POV, but I don't think it's right to show the iron born as traitors. In the book they were only 17 of them, and they were willing to die. They are not cowards, they are vikings /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> .... the 10 that leave Winterfell, do it mostly because they don't respect Theon, if it was Asha in his place, they would also fight to the last man. So I don't like the idea that Dagmer will open the gates.... but I am almost completely sold on this theory.
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 01 June 2012 - 04:31 AM.
5020	Arkash	2012-06-01	I'm wondering how the Qarth plotline will unfold. Will it just end with Dany and Drogon barbecuing the Undying, or will they run it out to Ser Barristan saving her from the Sorrowful Men?My guess is we will see Barristan in the end.
5021	Axeman of Norvos	2012-06-01	Something I noticed in the preview;Look at the person behind Brienne here: http://i.imgur.com/ARzjP.png.Even though blurry, he looks like Rorge: http://images2.wikia...e_and_Biter.jpgSo I assume (if I'm not completely wrong) Brienne and Jaime will be captured by the Bloody Mummers.Now I might also be wrong and this turns out to be Robb's men.Brienne's face is epic
5022	Fred Stark	2012-06-01	The sacking of winterfell needs to happen in episode 10 because  it would be easier for the cast especially for Natalia Tena who plays Osha and Maester Luwin.I think Theon will be implied dead all along season 3 until the last episode where ramasay calls for his Reek to talk with with Tywin regarding the Red Wedding...No matter how things happen ,I really hope the GOT team would produce an epic scene  to showcase Theon's remorse of the RW...Season 3 is gonna be epic
Do you think they would include the part of  wolf head sewn to a men body?I think they want the RW to be like Ned death scene for the non-readers..coming out of nowhere..
					
					
							Edited by Fred Stark, 01 June 2012 - 06:01 AM.
5023	Jamie Lannister	2012-06-01	I like the idea of Ramsay calling out the Ironborn, then showing his true colours by callously murdering Dagmer (evil vs evil, as it was), sacking Winterfell, and taking Theon prisoner. That would be an apt shocker ending.
Theon being freed from the Dreadfort in S3 by "Reek" could work, but only if Ramsay doesn't get a proper cast in S2. Think about it: Ramsay wants to break Theon, so he's had him tortured for weeks in an attempt to make a loyal servant out of the fallen prince. But he wants to test the loyalty of his new toy. So, an enigmatic serving man named Reek shows up with Kyra's keys and frees Prince Theon; they flee the Dreadfort together, and split up in the Bolton forests. Only, yeah... Theon is promptly recaptured, and "Red Helm" takes his armour off during the next flaying session to reveal his real face... Reek's. That would be a nice mindfuck, and keep the "Reek" angle in for later use. Theon trying and failing to escape could also give him something to do in two or three episodes.
5024	boojam	2012-06-01	I really hope they won't replace the actor playing Jaqen. I mean, I know he's meant to get a new face (his own face?) in the books, but this actor is perfect. They could just make him switch faces from time to time, but always come back to this one.Bigger question, will we see Tom Wlaschiha , at all , again?He has been so good , in such a brief role, that my guess is he will, though D and D will have to write a different story for him. The character has such a brief appearance in the novels that follow.If the FM can take on any identity no reason the guy at the Citadel couldn't be a different FM.And Jaqen looked like him only for a little while, or just to get off Westeros.He might , well see, turn up as the Kindly Man, would save on casting a new actor.(By the by before on becomes a FM, one has one's name day face... I am gathering one can always keep that.)
5025	sagaz	2012-06-01	Non-readers (the twop thread) are already betting on Robb's death in ep 10. The surprise for them will be that he is alive one more season. Dany's vision doesn't reveal anything (a man with a wolf head + blood)... the shock of RW isn't that he died, it's how
5026	Arkash	2012-06-01	Well, I hope the Unsullied of the TwoP forum will believe Robb will survive longer when the deal of the Edmure-Roslin wedding will be made, or when they will see him survive quite a bit ! Then, the shock ! 
My fear is that HBO will want to forshadow it too much: intense discussions with Talisa or Catelyn, sad music, and stuff... which would be wrong ! It needs to come as a total shock ! 
And I would love David Cronenberg to direct this episode, he know how to do this kind of stuff !
5027	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-01	70 minutes! Sweet.I wouldn't have thought that Jaime would lose his hand this quickly but that preview makes it seem so.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not 70 minutes. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>onlyâ<U+0080><U+009D> 64 minutes, which is still 10 minutes longer than most episodes have been.Does the preview make it seems that Jaime gets unhanded already?  Hm.  What are you seeing there?
5028	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-01	I think it's fishy he just created a Twitter account on May 21st with his picture being him as Ser Barristan. Seems to me that he's anticipating a return to TV and is acting in accordance. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Good call: I agree that these things donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t happen by accident.Which photo is it youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re referring to?  The one with him in a beard?
5029	Isabella Stark	2012-06-01	I believe I've seen footage in a preview, that I haven't seen so far in the show, of Melisandre and Stannis looking into a fire. So I assume we'll see that.
I'm just hoping the HOTU doesn't look like a really cheesy  acid trip.
I think we'll meet Arstan, because he keeps getting mentioned to remind everyone he exists and getting them wondering what he's been doing. 
I also think that Dany and her remaining Dothraki will rob Daxos' vault.  That vault has been mentioned so much it's Chekhov's vault, and there was foreshadowing in that scene early on where the Dothraki were discussing how to steal a statue.
As for Robb's fate, my nonreader friend thinks he's got it figured out.  
He asked me, "So I don't care about spoilers, just tell me, does the Frey woman Robb's engaged to turn out to be really beautiful?"
And I was like, "well, he's not engaged to any particular Frey woman, he just needs to marry one of them. And yes, we do meet a Frey girl who's really beautiful..."
5030	tryagainlater	2012-06-01	Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not 70 minutes. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>onlyâ<U+0080><U+009D> 64 minutes, which is still 10 minutes longer than most episodes have been.Does the preview make it seems that Jaime gets unhanded already?  Hm.  What are you seeing there?Oh right. Still cool.I'm just jumping to conclusions. It looks like Brienne and Jaime get attacked by someone although it's probably just Stark bannermen in Jaime's first chapter in ASOS.
5031	ServantOnIce	2012-06-01	After the television excellence that was, "Blackwater" I don't know how this episode is going to be. I will wait and see and hope that it doesn't follow the pattern of this season where the odd episodes have been great and the even episodes have been lacking.
We shall see . .
5032	moonsblood	2012-06-01	Since there is no Ramsay yet I could see the sack of Winterfell going this way:  Luwin will tell Theon to take the black, Theon will consider it but then Dagmar will give him a look.  Theon rallies the troops, someone shows up at the gate, fade to different story.  Later maybe we will have a wolf dream to see the burning.  Bran and co will emerge to find bodies of Iron men and Dagmar, but Theon is no where to be found.  They will find Luwin, he will tell them what happened, give his final advice, they will leave Winterfell behind, Bran will say the "its not dead, just broken" line.
5033	pntrlqst	2012-06-01	Interview with Alfie Allen:"I know with Daenerys, she goes to the House of the Undying and maybe you'll see a character pop up who was in series one and [was not] in series two â<U+0080><U+0094> we'll just see."http://www.mtv.com/n...n-greyjoy.jhtml
5034	King Tommen	2012-06-01	Interview with Alfie Allen:"I know with Daenerys, she goes to the House of the Undying and maybe you'll see a character pop up who was in series one and [was not] in series two â<U+0080><U+0094> we'll just see."http://www.mtv.com/n...n-greyjoy.jhtmlSounds like the rumours of Barristan appearing in the finale are gaining steam.
5035	Tarandor	2012-06-01	Non-readers (the twop thread) are already betting on Robb's death in ep 10. The surprise for them will be that he is alive one more season. Dany's vision doesn't reveal anything (a man with a wolf head + blood)... the shock of RW isn't that he died, it's howYes, this. I was actually spoiled on tumblr, some dumb**** decided to just randomly post about Robb and Cat because they just finished the book apparently. I was livid. Thankfully, my husband was with me at the time--and basically said, "don't worry, the fact that it happened isn't as much as spoiler, as HOW it happened." Annnnnd he was right. What a scene that will be.
5036	Lord Elrosir	2012-06-02	Sweet interview.  Sounds like Ser Grandfather will show up.
Wicked.
5037	Fred Stark	2012-06-02	I believe I've seen footage in a preview, that I haven't seen so far in the show, of Melisandre and Stannis looking into a fire. So I assume we'll see that.I'm just hoping the HOTU doesn't look like a really cheesy  acid trip.I think we'll meet Arstan, because he keeps getting mentioned to remind everyone he exists and getting them wondering what he's been doing.I also think that Dany and her remaining Dothraki will rob Daxos' vault.  That vault has been mentioned so much it's Chekhov's vault, and there was foreshadowing in that scene early on where the Dothraki were discussing how to steal a statue.As for Robb's fate, my nonreader friend thinks he's got it figured out.  He asked me, "So I don't care about spoilers, just tell me, does the Frey woman Robb's engaged to turn out to be really beautiful?"And I was like, "well, he's not engaged to any particular Frey woman, he just needs to marry one of them. And yes, we do meet a Frey girl who's really beautiful..."Poor friend...He is gonna be shocked when that happen...book 3 is full of suprising events..if done properly everything can be epic without a big budget
5038	Crown	2012-06-02	Sounds like the rumours of Barristan appearing in the finale are gaining steam.Please let that be true, I want my favorite knight back on screen!"Theon is not going to get the backup he needs, and people he thought he could rely on are really waiting for him to mess up and take advantage of that situation and sell him off to certain people," Allen explained. "But he doesn't know this."It seems Dagmer is going to betray Theon, and allow Ramsay to enter Winterfell in exchange for 'mercy'.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 02 June 2012 - 04:09 AM.
5039	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-02	2 - Dagmer makes his own deal with Ramsay when things are dire in the siege, while Luwin advices Theon not to trust Dagmer. Dagmer opens the gates and is betrayed by the Boltons that sack Winterfell.This.First I thought Dagmer would stay loyal til the end but then I read the interview with Alfie Allen on mtv. He said "Theon is not going to get the backup he needs, and people he thought he could rely on are really waiting for him to mess up and take advantage of that situation and sell him off to certain people,"Other than Dagmer, who does Theon trust at WF? Asha is already gone and he clearly doesn't trust Luwin.So this theory sounds way better than the whole Ramsay = Dagmer theory. Well, unless they pull what they have been pulling off for two seasons now: introducing minor characters very late in the show. Mayhaps we'll see Reek tomorrow after all and it will turn out he's actually Ramsay.Either way, with Rodrik prematurely in the ground, someone must lose his arm and Dagmer is starting to look like a suitable candidate.
5040	Crown	2012-06-02	This.First I thought Dagmer would stay loyal til the end but then I read the interview with Alfie Allen on mtv. He said "Theon is not going to get the backup he needs, and people he thought he could rely on are really waiting for him to mess up and take advantage of that situation and sell him off to certain people,"Other than Dagmer, who does Theon trust at WF? Asha is already gone and he clearly doesn't trust Luwin.So this theory sounds way better than the whole Ramsay = Dagmer theory. Well, unless they pull what they have been pulling off for two seasons now: introducing minor characters very late in the show. Mayhaps we'll see Reek tomorrow after all and it will turn out he's actually Ramsay.Either way, with Rodrik prematurely in the ground, someone must lose his arm and Dagmer is starting to look like a suitable candidate.Resulting in a few shocking deaths: Luwin and Dagmer, and perhaps Karstark and Daxos aswell.
5041	Arkash	2012-06-02	Well, I'm gonna answer like you're serious: Joffrey dies in A Storm of Swords, which will be Seasons 3 and 4... so Joffrey will not die this episode...
And the adaptation is excellent, it is really really rare to see such good adaptations.
5042	Strider	2012-06-02	Will Daenarys be reunited with her dragons?  Will the dragons experience a miraculous growth spurt?  Everyone is expecting for the show to close with the three horns (which would be cool), but what if the show closes with young adult dragons?
5043	iheartseverus	2012-06-02	Will Daenarys be reunited with her dragons?  Will the dragons experience a miraculous growth spurt?  Everyone is expecting for the show to close with the three horns (which would be cool), but what if the show closes with young adult dragons?And I wonder, when they do grow quite large, how will the show portray them moving about with Dany?  I mean, she can't be walking around with 3 creatures the size of Shetland ponies on her shoulders!  (Shetland ponies with serious claws, yet!)  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5044	moonsblood	2012-06-02	I think they just might make a theme of it and end every season with Dany and the Dragons, it ends the season on a hopeful note.  I think the Dragons will grow in HoTU, something spectacular related to the Dragons has to happen, right?
5045	Crown	2012-06-02	I think they just might make a theme of it and end every season with Dany and the Dragons, it ends the season on a hopeful note.  I think the Dragons will grow in HoTU, something spectacular related to the Dragons has to happen, right?It would be awesome if they switched each season ender from ice to fire.Season 1 - the birth of the dragonsSeason 2 - the attack of the FistSeason 3 - Dracarys?Season 4 - Stannis at the Wall?
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 02 June 2012 - 11:17 AM.
5046	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-02	I think they just might make a theme of it and end every season with Dany and the Dragons, it ends the season on a hopeful note.  I think the Dragons will grow in HoTU, something spectacular related to the Dragons has to happen, right?Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve heard this same conjecture often enough, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t  see any foreshadowing evidence for it. Do you?It would certainly help for the overall seriesâ<U+0080><U+0099> progression, though.
5047	Ciglon	2012-06-02	Only indirectly related to the topic at hand, but has anyone thought about what ending series 3 with dracarys for Dany means? It's fairly early in ASOS (although a great place to leave off imo). I think this will have to lead to lengthening her story either at her arrival at Meereen or on the high seas, neither of which I'm too excited about to be frank.I mean, they can prolong the Jorah-sexual tension on the boat a bit before his eventual departure much later on, they may also have more dragon scenes b/c less CGI is necessary next series as well. Either way, they'll have to add drama and extra plot and we all know how unpopular that ended up like with this whole Qarth arc.A bit more related, is it possible that she may not exactly leave Meereen yet in order to prolong her story next series? Assuming she's going to meet Barristan (almost certain from Alfie's interview), then she'll either leave straightaway or stay a bit.   -Everyone assumes she'll leave and this makes sense for budget and getting rid of sets and shooting locations, also they'll want some closure for the Qarth arc, make it seem like it's done and she's heading off to new places etc like in series 1, this makes the most sense, really.   -OR, she could be ready to leave and all that w/ Barristan but maybe she'll want to have revenge on XXD for helping steal her dragons or whatever so she'll stay for a bit. Doesn't make too much sense at first, but if they're going to extend her plot at all, doesn't it make sense to continue with this already established one? They could want to showcase her vengeful side as well as her protection of her dragons. This seems a bit weak imo but is it a better alternative to some forced drama made up in series 3 onboard the ships? Or her spending 5 episodes next series just going back and forth on whether or not to buy the unsullied who kill puppies?Or are we pretty much all in agreement that she will leave Qarth this Sunday?ETA: added link, typos.
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 02 June 2012 - 01:51 PM.
5048	iheartseverus	2012-06-02	Or are we pretty much all in agreement that she will leave Qarth this Sunday?ETA: added link, typos.I think she (with Doreah's help in bringing Drogon to her) will burn down the HOTU, come out of there with all 3 of her children, then order... somebody, Jorah?  Whoever's left of her khalasar?  Drogon? ,  to kill XXD.  She'll take his key, open the vault, find whatever is or isn't there and finish by telling Jorah 'See to the boat, we're leaving!' I foresee all of this being accomplished in a very forceful, powerful way.  She's been weak and whiny the last few episodes, needs to display some of that Targaryen fire.  
	Spoiler 'Targaryens answer to neither gods nor men!' is the way Catlyn Stark put it in the book. 
How and where Ser Barristan fits into all of this, I'm not sure.  Maybe he'll be the one to kill XXD, thereby saving Dany's life.PS:  Is it Sunday yet???  I want my dragons!!
5049	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-02	Since they already have a ship built for this seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sets, one which theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve reused many times, they might use it for Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s departure, too.
5050	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-02	How and where Ser Barristan fits into all of this, I'm not sure.  Maybe he'll be the one to kill XXD, thereby saving Dany's life.I do think that Ser Barristan needs to save Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life, the way he did when he dashed the manticore from her hand in the book, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see how Zarro would become a threat to her life needing impulsive bashing over the head with a wooden staff.
5051	House Snow	2012-06-02	Only indirectly related to the topic at hand, but has anyone thought about what ending series 3 with dracarys for Dany means? It's fairly early in ASOS (although a great place to leave off imo). I think this will have to lead to lengthening her story either at her arrival at Meereen or on the high seas, neither of which I'm too excited about to be frank.I mean, they can prolong the Jorah-sexual tension on the boat a bit before his eventual departure much later on, they may also have more dragon scenes b/c less CGI is necessary next series as well. Either way, they'll have to add drama and extra plot and we all know how unpopular that ended up like with this whole Qarth arc.A bit more related, is it possible that she may not exactly leave Meereen yet in order to prolong her story next series? Assuming she's going to meet Barristan (almost certain from Alfie's interview), then she'll either leave straightaway or stay a bit.   -Everyone assumes she'll leave and this makes sense for budget and getting rid of sets and shooting locations, also they'll want some closure for the Qarth arc, make it seem like it's done and she's heading off to new places etc like in series 1, this makes the most sense, really.   -OR, she could be ready to leave and all that w/ Barristan but maybe she'll want to have revenge on XXD for helping steal her dragons or whatever so she'll stay for a bit. Doesn't make too much sense at first, but if they're going to extend her plot at all, doesn't it make sense to continue with this already established one? They could want to showcase her vengeful side as well as her protection of her dragons. This seems a bit weak imo but is it a better alternative to some forced drama made up in series 3 onboard the ships? Or her spending 5 episodes next series just going back and forth on whether or not to buy the unsullied who kill puppies?Or are we pretty much all in agreement that she will leave Qarth this Sunday?ETA: added link, typos.Isn't Daario being moved up.  A lot of people think they are going to merge some of the cities Dany visits, both of which would beef up her storyline.
5052	Rhaquentis	2012-06-02	Oh dear, after reading Alfie's interview, I hope that person is Barristan and not a vision of Khal Drogo a la Star Wars -.-
5053	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-02	Isn't Daario being moved up?Why would you say that? Right now it seems like thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no way to know one way or the other.  He first appears in Yunkai, which is one city past Astapor in Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s odyssey.
5054	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-02	Oh dear, after reading Alfie's interview, I hope that person is Barristan and not a vision of Khal Drogo a la Star Wars -.-A similar notion floated (and, I think, sunk) would be of some saved footage of Ned.  She did see dead people in the House of the Undying, and crafted others of her own devising (and Drogonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s), but I cannot see why she would see dead characters from the first season.
5055	Rhaquentis	2012-06-02	She did see dead people in the House of the Undying, and crafted others of her own devising (and Drogonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s), but I cannot see why she would see dead characters from the first season.To make fans of the show happy? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> There are so many people that keep saying "bring Ned and Drogo back!", even in different roles in the show. Let's hope they will show something useful (and not like how Daenerys braided Drogo's hair, making her all teary and all that >_>)
5056	PatrickStormborn	2012-06-02	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve heard this same conjecture often enough, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t  see any foreshadowing evidence for it. Do you?It would certainly help for the overall seriesâ<U+0080><U+0099> progression, though. Pyat Pree: "The mother of dragons will be with her babies. She will give them her love and they will thrive by her side. Forever."I don't know about anyone else, but this suggests to me that the Undying only want her to come to them so they can make the dragons grow larger.
5057	Sun	2012-06-02	I realize the quote from the Alfie interview is probably referring to Barristan Selmy, but I can't help but hope that it turns out to be a HotU vision of the "promise me" scene of Ned in the Tower of Joy with Lyanna.
5058	iheartseverus	2012-06-02	I realize the quote from the Alfie interview is probably referring to Barristan Selmy, but I can't help but hope that it turns out to be a HotU vision of the "promise me" scene of Ned in the Tower of Joy with Lyanna. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
5059	Arkash	2012-06-02	To be honest, I'd prefer if it was referring to Barristan... it is more important for the immediate plot... and from a TV perspective, too.
Jon Snow's parentage is less important so far for the TV show (as it is for the books, for the moments)... so I'd prefer if it was Barristan.
5060	Child of Storm	2012-06-02	I'm not familiar with the books, so I sometimes (and shamefully) resort to visiting Wikipedia to look up certain book references. I just Googled what "three blasts" meant and I got chills. CHILLS. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
I'm so ridiculously excited and nervous for this finale. I've got a severe case of the shakes right now.
5061	moonsblood	2012-06-02	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve heard this same conjecture often enough, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t  see any foreshadowing evidence for it. Do you?It would certainly help for the overall seriesâ<U+0080><U+0099> progression, though.It seems like we really haven't seen much of the dragons, they must do something, surely Drogon will at least blast the HoTU
5062	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-02	It seems like we really haven't seen much of the dragons, they must do something; surely Drogon will at least blast the House of the Undying.What weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve so far seen of him hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t been much more than those long lighters you use to light a gas grill with.  Hard to imagine that little bit of flame torching the entire warlocksâ<U+0080><U+0099> den.
5063	iheartseverus	2012-06-02	*peeks into the thread*
*looks around for our Super Secret Double Agent and his Big Bag O'Spoilers*
psssst:  'addsend!  You here, pal?  addsend?'
No response.
*stomps out*
*slams the door*
5064	drm7	2012-06-02	He [Jaquen] might , well see, turn up as the Kindly Man, would save on casting a new actor.That would be excellent!
5065	Crown	2012-06-02	That would be excellent!How can Jaqen be in Oldtown and Braavos at the same time? Don't think they'll do that.
5066	iheartseverus	2012-06-02	How can Jaqen be in Oldtown and Braavos at the same time? Don't think they'll do that.Well, he can be in Braavos, mysteriously tell Ayra that  'a Man must be away for a time'.  (A Man has patrol duties!)   She can continue on with the blind girl assistant or whomever, and a couple episodes later, a Man is back.
5067	Ciglon	2012-06-02	I highly doubt these theories that Jaqen will be kindly man or "so-and-so" will appear again in a different role...how would bringing an actor back as a different character be beneficial to the program at all? Sean Bean or anyone else coming back to GoT would be the most confusing thing ever for non-book readers.
Anyone have any thoughts on how jon's plot is going to play out tomorrow? Very confusing how they showed ygritte taking a swipe at Jon, wonder how they get around to the end of that storyline?
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 02 June 2012 - 10:05 PM.
5068	_Oberyn_	2012-06-02	Wont be much, Jon kills Halfhand and then there will be some made up semi-cliffhanger.
5069	iheartseverus	2012-06-02	I highly doubt these theories that Jaqen will be kindly manWhy?  Tom W. as Jaqen has been a real fan favorite in this series--every scene with him and Ayra brings in tons of viewer response.  He's uber-mysterious, cool, laid-back, funny and strange with his third-person speech (that about a million forum posters have picked up, including this girl) -- and utterly magically deadly.  He's smoking sexy, without any hint of inappropriate or creepy vibes toward Ayra whatsoever (thank the gods, old and new!).  This show has combined, merged, substituted characters throughout, with great success, IMO.  Why then not let Jaqen introduce Ayra into the mysteries of the House of Black and White, instead of some new actor?  Providing Tom W. doesn't have other commitments that keep him from appearing in future episodes of GoT, I say he's flat-out perfect to substitute for the kindly man.  He's perfect.  Perfect.
5070	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-06-03	Wont be much, Jon kills Halfhand and then there will be some made up semi-cliffhanger. No Respect for the Halfhand! He has been a badass for the sake of the realm in an unwinnable war. Just wait the Halfhand will show his worth before he leaves this world.
5071	Night Gathers	2012-06-03	Why?  Tom W. as Jaqen has been a real fan favorite in this series--every scene with him and Ayra brings in tons of viewer response.  He's uber-mysterious, cool, laid-back, funny and strange with his third-person speech (that about a million forum posters have picked up, including this girl) -- and utterly magically deadly.  He's smoking sexy, without any hint of inappropriate or creepy vibes toward Ayra whatsoever (thank the gods, old and new!).  This show has combined, merged, substituted characters throughout, with great success, IMO.  Why then not let Jaqen introduce Ayra into the mysteries of the House of Black and White, instead of some new actor?  Providing Tom W. doesn't have other commitments that keep him from appearing in future episodes of GoT, I say he's flat-out perfect to substitute for the kindly man.  He's perfect.  Perfect.Yes, he's maybe perfect for Jaqen H'ghar, but he's not the kindly old man.I want to see an old man with a kind smile, who is maybe one of the most dangerous persons in Westeros and Essos combined, tutoring Arya the ways of the Faceless Men. Jaqen played his part, he is even one of my favorite characters, but I simply don't want him to be the kindly man in the series. After he made his leave in the books, I wanted Arya to come with him, I wanted to read so much more about him and to learn his history. But now, I'd be really pleased if he plays an important part in Arya's future story-line (post ADWD). That's maybe the way most viewers will feel, like most book readers felt, they wanted to see more of Jaqen and they'll see him in season 5 with his new face.Jaqen seems to be on a really big mission overall, if he's supposed to show Arya the house of Black and White, only to leave again, then he'll have screen time for maybe 1 minute. I'd rather have the Kindly man the whole time.
					
					
							Edited by Night gathers, 03 June 2012 - 02:23 AM.
5072	Samalander	2012-06-03	Maybe he'll be the one to kill XXD, thereby saving Dany's life.XXD is still alive in ADWD. Killing yet another character that is still alive in the books... /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Why then not let Jaqen introduce Ayra into the mysteries of the House of Black and White, instead of some new actor?Because he has urget business at the Citadel, at the same time. It is known.
					
					
							Edited by Samalander, 03 June 2012 - 02:27 AM.
5073	Lord Elrosir	2012-06-03	Yeah XXD is still alive in the books, but his storyline is unnecessary with the changes.  Quite frankly, it was not really that important in ADWD either.  Big deal, he brought 13 ships to try and barter with Dany, which when he didn't get his way gave reason for war from Qarth.  Not a deal breaker.
I wouldn't be surprised either way, with Xaro living or dying.  I think there is good story angles to go with either way.  I'm just hopin' for a glimpse of Ian McElhinney in tonights episode.  Oh, and Rhaegar.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 03 June 2012 - 03:23 AM.
5074	TheEvilKing	2012-06-03	There'll be a lot going on in Dany's storyline if they include both the House of Undying and Ser Barry Stan in the next episode. I suspect we won't see Arstan Whitebeard until season 3 ep 1. Also I doubt Strong Belwas will be cast.
5075	Arkash	2012-06-03	I woulnd bother the death of XXD, I dont think it will drasticly change the plot.
But I'm totally against having Jaqen again in Braavos, would be a bad idea.
I'm confident in seing Barristan in the episode, but I may be wrong.
All in all, the three most exciting storylines for the episode are Jon's, Dany's and Theon's.
Even if I'm looking forward to Davos' scenes if he as any.
5076	victim	2012-06-03	Kind of off-topic but I really wanted to post this somewhere and didn't want to make a thread for it.To play a trick on its young star, show-runners David Bienoff and D.B. Weiss sent Allen a fake script for the finale. â<U+0080><U+009C>They kind of added a scene where Bran jumps out and stabs me in the chest and says, â<U+0080>This is my Winterfell, not yours,â<U+0080><U+0099> â<U+0080><U+009D> says Allen. â<U+0080><U+009C>And [the instruction] goes, â<U+0080>Theon lies on the floor dead.â<U+0080><U+0099>â<U+0080><U+009C>I think after about two or three weeks the guys I was shooting with said, â<U+0080>Guys, you should call him up and tell him itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a joke because he might be sitting there torturing himself, pulling his hair out.â<U+0080><U+0099>This is brilliance. Pure, brilliance!
					
					
							Edited by victim, 03 June 2012 - 05:11 AM.
5077	boojam	2012-06-03	Yes, he's maybe perfect for Jaqen H'ghar, but he's not the kindly old man.I want to see an old man with a kind smile, who is maybe one of the most dangerous persons in Westeros and Essos combined, tutoring Arya the ways of the Faceless Men. Jaqen played his part, he is even one of my favorite characters, but I simply don't want him to be the kindly man in the series. After he made his leave in the books, I wanted Arya to come with him, I wanted to read so much more about him and to learn his history. But now, I'd be really pleased if he plays an important part in Arya's future story-line (post ADWD). That's maybe the way most viewers will feel, like most book readers felt, they wanted to see more of Jaqen and they'll see him in season 5 with his new face.Would like to know what Tom Wlaschiha contract looks like.Even tho in the novels Jaqen does appear in Crows (not as Jaqen).... it is so brief that blink and you would miss it.Seeing how they Jazzed up Dany's Qarth story, I think it could have been more imaginative , but I am not one of those readers who opposes it ... I can see the same thing for Braavos... more happens there ... but for TV it probably needs a little punch up too. To me, if the Kindly Man was Wlaschiha it would not bother me , a reader, one bit.Jaqen seems to be on a really big mission overall, if he's supposed to show Arya the house of Black and White, only to leave again, then he'll have screen time for maybe 1 minute. I'd rather have the Kindly man the whole time.Even George has never explained Jaqen's presence in Yoren crew, when we know as a FM he could only have been there only on purpose, and the only hint we have is that he is there to meet Arya... to evaluate her? ... after all he is the one who gets her to Braavos. He would have earlier if she had been trying so hard to get back home.I wonder, if , like in the novel, in E10, he reveals that he does know she is Arya Stark?In the book he tells her twice he knows this.
5078	Sun	2012-06-03	Small episode 20 spoiler: (source is a poster on WiC)[spoiler] There won't be a Rhaegar scene in the HotU sequence. [/spoiler]
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 03 June 2012 - 04:24 PM.
5079	_Oberyn_	2012-06-03	Small episode 20 spoiler: (source is a poster on WiC)[spoiler]There won't be a Rhaegar scene in the HotU sequence.[/spolier]That was a given imo but i was still had some misguided hope /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Got a link? Any more spoilers?
5080	Puck the Goat	2012-06-03	Cliffhangers (in no particular order) -
Jon - melee with QH... pretty cool fight, sans puppy
King's Landing - Tywin is savior, blah blah... has tea with his kids and "by the way, we don't have Arya"
Dany - Burning Down the House! Dragon's get big somehow and she shows up at the docks with the assassin closing in...
Robb - hmmm? maybe telling mommy he loves his new girlfriend?
Winterfell - burn baby burn
North - and the grand finale, 3 blasts.
5081	Crown	2012-06-03	Barristan the Bold will appear in the next episode: 'I know with Daenerys, she goes to the House of the Undying and maybe you'll see a character pop up who was in series one and [was not] in series two â<U+0080><U+0094> we'll just see.'http://www.mtv.com/n...n-greyjoy.jhtmlI can't think of any other character that may be able to appear in Essos with Dany. Well, actually I do, perhaps Petyr 'Teleport' Baelish.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 03 June 2012 - 08:32 AM.
5082	House Snow	2012-06-03	Can someone remind me what 
	Spoiler  the Rhaegar scene that everyone is upset about is?
5083	Night Gathers	2012-06-03	Even tho in the novels Jaqen does appear in Crows (not as Jaqen).... it is so brief that blink and you would miss it.That's what I mean, it would be so unnecessary to change Jaqen's story-line just to make him the kindly old man. It won't work if he's the one who shows her the house of Black and White because he'll still have to leave as fast as he can and get to Oldtown. I truly don't want them to change him going to Oldtown and 'becoming' Pate. Since the speculation is that he's there to get the book on how to kill dragons, his role in the future books may be pretty big. I wouldn't want some made-up character getting the credit in the show if they rather make Jaqen the Kindly Old man. They'd even have to make up another random FM to impersonate Pate and follow up on Sam's story-line.I just can't see it in the long run.
5084	Night Gathers	2012-06-03	Kind of off-topic but I really wanted to post this somewhere and didn't want to make a thread for it.To play a trick on its young star, show-runners David Bienoff and D.B. Weiss sent Allen a fake script for the finale. â<U+0080><U+009C>They kind of added a scene where Bran jumps out and stabs me in the chest and says, â<U+0080>This is my Winterfell, not yours,â<U+0080><U+0099> â<U+0080><U+009D> says Allen. â<U+0080><U+009C>And [the instruction] goes, â<U+0080>Theon lies on the floor dead.â<U+0080><U+0099>â<U+0080><U+009C>I think after about two or three weeks the guys I was shooting with said, â<U+0080>Guys, you should call him up and tell him itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a joke because he might be sitting there torturing himself, pulling his hair out.â<U+0080><U+0099>This is brilliance. Pure, brilliance!There's actually a video of Richard Madden explaining that here. If anyone is interested. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=pSQAGHyPTc0
5085	Howdyphillip	2012-06-03	Barristan the Bold will appear in the next episode: 'I know with Daenerys, she goes to the House of the Undying and maybe you'll see a character pop up who was in series one and [was not] in series two â<U+0080><U+0094> we'll just see.'http://www.mtv.com/n...n-greyjoy.jhtmlI can't think of any other character that may be able to appear in Essos with Dany. Well, actually I do, perhaps Petyr 'Teleport' Baelish.I thought that we had a still from production of what looked to be Sean Bean in chains that had never been seen before. It could be him returning in the HotU as a vision.
5086	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	I thought that we had a still from production of what looked to be Sean Bean in chains that had never been seen before. It could be him returning in the HotU as a vision.My understanding is that still was supposed to be a flashback of Brandon and Rickard Stark being killed by the Mad King.  I'd love it if it showed up in Dany's visions tonight, giving her a glimpse of what her father was really like!
5087	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-03	I thought that we had a still from production of what looked to be Sean Bean in chains that had never been seen before. It could be him returning in the House of the Undying as a vision.That was actually Sean Beanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s body-double whom they filmed in that scene.
5088	Crown	2012-06-03	Can someone remind me what 
	Spoiler  the Rhaegar scene that everyone is upset about is? 
A room where a silver-haired man (presumably Rhaegar Targaryen) names his son Aegon, says the child is the "prince that was promised", then plays a harp.http://awoiaf.wester..._of_the_Undying
5089	Lord Elrosir	2012-06-03	I wouldn't be surprised if they were avoiding the TOJ and Rhaegar angles (this early in the tv series) to not make certain storylines too blatant.  Seeing a scene would be much more exposing than interpreting a passage in a book.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 03 June 2012 - 01:58 PM.
5090	House Snow	2012-06-03	^ Yeah TOJ in particular would seem super obvious.  If thats the Rhaegar scene it seems pretty early to be introducing that to the audience b/c it likely wouldn't happen for at least 3 years and seems very unlikely that the audience would understand it at all.  I bet they keep it limited to character already seen, or storylines to be started next year.
5091	J_Crews	2012-06-03	Less than 3 hours, folks!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Then we get to wait a damn year for Season 3...  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Thank God for DVR technology.  I'll rewatch the season 4 times between tonight and when the DVDs come out.
5092	Arkash	2012-06-03	Yeah, this is the episode I've been expecting for a year: not Blackwater, but this one... like I said opening the thread:
- HotU.
- Jon vs Qhorin.
- Sack of Winterfell.
- Return of Barristan ?
- Final dialogue with Jaqen.
- Brienne and Jaime moments.
- Joffrey's rewards.
- Three blasts.
Damn, this episode gotta be awesome !
5093	StedNark	2012-06-03	Anyone think that the Jaime/Brienne storyline will end with Jaime losing his hand? Or will they save that for next season?
5094	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	Less than 3 hours, folks!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Then we get to wait a damn year for Season 3...  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Thank God for DVR technology.  I'll rewatch the season 4 times between tonight and when the DVDs come out.Or, you could follow the advice of a member over at WiC.  (I haven't checked the math yet, but hey, it sounds like a plan!)If I watch 12.8 seconds of this final episode each day, I should finish in time for the season 3 premiere. Time to ration #GameOfThrones.
5095	Baitac	2012-06-03	T minus 2:20 and counting....
5096	Rhaquentis	2012-06-03	The no-visions thing is a bummer, but hopefully they'll just keep us excited with the other events :/
5097	sagaz	2012-06-03	I don't know if somebody brought this up in this thread...(probably isn't happening) but maybe we'll get some clarification about the famous dragon of winterfell !!!!!
5098	Serr Parker	2012-06-03	My understanding is that still was supposed to be a flashback of Brandon and Rickard Stark being killed by the Mad King.  I'd love it if it showed up in Dany's visions tonight, giving her a glimpse of what her father was really like!Shes been put in her place this series hopefully it'll continue tonight
5099	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	*writes note to self*
'cancel HBO tomorrow, remember to sign up for it again next April.
*sighs*
5100	House Snow	2012-06-03	Hopefully Theon wraps up his emmy tonight.
5101	Dracarya	2012-06-03	Oh christ, are we really here? Unbelievable that these 10 weeks have flown by so fast /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
5102	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	Check this out.  This is so where we all are tonight!   It's nearly over, peeps.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />http://www.youtube.c...k&feature=g-u-u
5103	K.C.	2012-06-03	Oh dear, after reading Alfie's interview, I hope that person is Barristan and not a vision of Khal Drogo a la Star Wars -.-I very much doubt this. However, when the Elder Brother explained about the Hound's death, I imagined Obi-Wan saying "So what I told you was true... from a certain point of view."
					
					
							Edited by Savarin, 03 June 2012 - 06:00 PM.
5104	Catastrophy	2012-06-03	There's actually a video of Richard Madden explaining that here. If anyone is interested. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=pSQAGHyPTc0What accent does Richard Madden use? I had to listen very carefully to understand what is he saying.Watched lot of cast interviews, and so far he is the hardest to understand.
5105	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-03	What accent does Richard Madden use? I had to listen very carefully to understand what is he saying. Watched lot of cast interviews, and so far he is the hardest to understand.He isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t using an â<U+0080><U+009C>accentâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Scottish. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just how he talks. On the show, he does use an accent though.
5106	sagaz	2012-06-03	Check this out.  This is so where we all are tonight!   It's nearly over, peeps.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />http://www.youtube.c...k&feature=g-u-uthank you, /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
5107	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	thank you, /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />I laughed out loud when he hung up on the phone call that was telling him:  'Your father's not moving!'  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5108	Serr Parker	2012-06-03	In the UK here, going to be destroying my F5 button around 3AM waiting for a link to be uploaded
5109	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-03	There's actually a video of Richard Madden explaining that here. If anyone is interested. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=pSQAGHyPTc0Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really cool. Are there other clips like that?By the way, when Kit complains of how it was â<U+0092>30Â° Celsius, remember that thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>onlyâ<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0092>22Â° Fahrenheit, which sure is cold, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not that cold. Most people who live in the upper portions of North America have experienced that.   On the other hand, â<U+0092>30Â° Fahrenheit does seem really cold; thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0092>34.4Â° Celsius for those who think that way. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s thankfully a lot harder to come by.
5110	The Lion of Valyria	2012-06-03	I'm glad we'll finally learn how to pronounce, Valar Morghulis.
5111	_Oberyn_	2012-06-03	Check this out.  This is so where we all are tonight!   It's nearly over, peeps.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />http://www.youtube.c...k&feature=g-u-u"The Lannisters all look like Surfer dicks" rofl epic /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5112	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	90 minutes til GoT-o'clock.
tick..tick..tick..
5113	sagaz	2012-06-03	I laughed out loud when he hung up on the phone call that was telling him:  'Your father's not moving!'  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />three weeks ago my business partner asked me what she can watch with her boyfriend and I lend them S1 dvd's...one week later they were like junkies asking for more... I know they are roleplaying Dany & Drogo.................... /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
5114	J_Crews	2012-06-03	Check this out.  This is so where we all are tonight!   It's nearly over, peeps.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />http://www.youtube.c...k&feature=g-u-u Laughed so hard I cried...  LOL
5115	Rhaquentis	2012-06-03	three weeks ago my business partner asked me what she can watch with her boyfriend and I lend them S1 dvd's...one week later they were like junkies asking for more... I know they are roleplaying Dany & Drogo.................... /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Well isn't that something? I'm responsible for making all my friends and the friends of my friends such junkies as well and not regretting a thing /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5116	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	Laughed so hard I cried...  LOLMe, too.  Just watched it again and noticed a couple things--when he goes out to mail the rent check, he's still in his robe and has his sword with him.  And at the end 'More Doritos, mi'lord?'  heh, heh..So easy to channel GoT peeps--when he friend says 'The Starks aren't your friends...' LIAR!  (Ayra)'... they're fictional.'YOU'RE SO FUNNY, ALWAYS SO FUNNY.  GET OUT!  (Cersei)
5117	iheartseverus	2012-06-03	Anybody else having trouble staying connected here?  Kinda maddening, actually, I get 10 or 20 ERROR or OFF LINE messages for every time I try to refresh the page--then I'm here for a minute or so, and disconnected again.  And I see the 'extra' features are still active, being able to check profiles, etc.  If a mod happens to stop in here, would it help to turn off the extra features?  I'd post this in the Help thread, but I'm sure the mili-second I leave this thread, I'll disappear again.  Alas...  Or, is it just me that this is happening to?   I mean, being black of hair doesn't necessarily make me a bastard child, right?
5118	Ice Turtle	2012-06-03	Anybody else having trouble staying connected here?  Kinda maddening, actually, I get 10 or 20 ERROR or OFF LINE messages for every time I try to refresh the page--then I'm here for a minute or so, and disconnected again.  And I see the 'extra' features are still active, being able to check profiles, etc.  If a mod happens to stop in here, would it help to turn off the extra features?  I'd post this in the Help thread, but I'm sure the mili-second I leave this thread, I'll disappear again.  Alas...  Or, is it just me that this is happening to?   I mean, being black of hair doesn't necessarily make me a bastard child, right?For me the forum is more not working than working for at least last three days or so /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />.
5119	Rhaquentis	2012-06-03	Anybody else having trouble staying connected here?  Kinda maddening, actually, I get 10 or 20 ERROR or OFF LINE messages for every time I try to refresh the page--then I'm here for a minute or so, and disconnected again.  And I see the 'extra' features are still active, being able to check profiles, etc.  If a mod happens to stop in here, would it help to turn off the extra features?  I'd post this in the Help thread, but I'm sure the mili-second I leave this thread, I'll disappear again.  Alas...  Or, is it just me that this is happening to?   I mean, being black of hair doesn't necessarily make me a bastard child, right?Ditto. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
5120	Raksha the Demon	2012-06-03	Check this out.  This is so where we all are tonight!   It's nearly over, peeps.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />http://www.youtube.c...k&feature=g-u-uThat's a scream!Can't wait to see the episode; hopefully later...
5121	Morrigan	2012-06-05	This could either be really cool and scary or really cheesy depending on how they do it (are you sure this is true?).Dude, that's something I said sarcastically on WIC.... to make fun of the apologists who'd enjoy any retarded change no matter how stupid it was because "it's an adaptation!".
5122	Howdyphillip	2012-05-29	Last years finale ended on what could be the highlight of the entire series with the birth of dragons. I don't think that there is any way to leave this season on that kind of a high. There are several directions that the writers can exit this year, and I just wanted to examine a few of them.
1. Arya receives the coin from JH - Although I believe this will happen in the ep, I don't think this would be a way to close out
2. Danny's dragons burn the House of the Undying - This could be spectacular, but it leaves the season ending with destruction
3. The burning of Winterfell - a complete bummer, I don't think that the writers would want the last impression of this show to be so negative
4. Tyrion wakes - a nice narrative, but not climactic enough...
Here is what I think will happen. We are getting the Jon Snow and Halfhand fight. This could be earlier in the episode. I think that the last thing we see as the cameras pan away will be a shot of John and Ygrette looking down on the Fist with a full view of the wildling army with Giants and Mammoths included. It would be a perfect close for the season.
5123	Crown	2012-05-30	The final scene will be the attack on the Fist, why?Sam & Co are in the previously on segment.The three blasts are in the Cold Winds teaser trailer.The final song on the soundtrack is called Three Blasts.
5124	Umberto	2012-05-30	The final scene will be the attack on the Fist, why?Sam & Co are in the previously on segment.The three blasts are in the Cold Winds teaser trailer.The final song on the soundtrack is called Three Blasts./thread over
5125	drigoly	2012-05-30	Yeah it will be the three blasts and then someone looking scared (Sam) and saying (others...)
5126	victim	2012-05-30	Well, that's the final "scene." The last shot will probably either be a close-up of Sam looking frightened or a long-shot of the Fist with an army of Walker's approaching. The former seems more likely.
5127	Apoapsis	2012-05-30	I could imagine that the final "real" scene is the attack on the Fist, with a large CGI army of blue-eyed white walkers coming up the slopes - and then, just before the credits roll, it cuts to a 10-second view of Theon being tortured in the Dreadfort. I know that it wouldn't be very true to the book chronology, but they will have to change that around anyway - they can't very well keep him out of view for all of season 3 and 4 and then have him show up again years later. "Hey, remember this guy from seasons 1 and 2? He's back now!"
5128	Apoapsis	2012-05-30	(server acting up)
					
					
							Edited by Apoapsis, 30 May 2012 - 01:06 PM.
5129	Apoapsis	2012-05-30	(server acting up)
					
					
							Edited by Apoapsis, 30 May 2012 - 01:06 PM.
5130	moonsblood	2012-05-30	I think it will be the 3 blasts, or maybe they will make a theme of it and end every season with Dany and the Dragons.
5131	The Frostfangs	2012-05-30	Just remind me,,, is it an army of "Others" or "Wights" that attack the Fist?
5132	Crown	2012-05-30	Just remind me,,, is it an army of "Others" or "Wights" that attack the Fist?Both, I think.
5133	Rhaquentis	2012-05-30	Two blasts and a third, really long one as the screen goes black. Aw yeah.
5134	Silverx2	2012-05-30	Wights, with a few others mixed in. Think of the others like the knights, and the wights like the infantry.
5135	bardgal	2012-05-30	1. The first chapter in ASoS with The Three Blasts, and Chett wetting himself. (Although, this would be a hell of a way to start season 3.)
2. They end with Dany again (like last season) with the visions and the House of the Undying. (I think they'll save her meeting Arstan and Belwas until next season.)
3. Jon and Qhoren. 
4. Bran & Co come out of the crypts in the ruins of Winterfell - like the book. (And the Reeds are standing there, waiting for them....! They won't meet them until next season because of actor holds, but that would be cool, nonetheless.)
5. Jon and Qhoren, then a crane-heli shot that goes back to those ariel shots from the Stannis teaser of season 2 with only the three blasts. We see no one from the fist because there are new characters getting added for that scene (I hope), and again - due to actor holds they won't intro them until next season. We just hear the blasts... and fade to black - so they open with that for season 3.
5136	NomadicDirewolf	2012-05-30	tywins horse taking a shit will be the final shot. It is known.
5137	bardgal	2012-05-30	tywins horse taking a shit will be the final shot. It is known.Is everyone going to lose their minds when this doesn't happen?The sheer cost alone of standing around waiting for a horse to shit and getting that in one take....... seriously. I just don't see it, and it doesn't move the story along at. all.I'd rather they spent that time and money on better, more important stuff, like, more characters and the RW.
5138	Arkash	2012-05-30	Yeah, Tywin's horse shitting is necessary at all...
I guess the last shot will be a aerian shot of nightfall Iceland (just like in the Cold Wind Tease) and fade to back alongside the last blast fades too in the distance (just as the camera gets futher and further from the FOFM before fading to black).
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 30 May 2012 - 04:42 PM.
5139	Jon Black	2012-05-30	tywins horse taking a shit will be the final shot. It is known.It is known.
5140	unRobert	2012-05-30	....... seriously. I just don't see it, and it doesn't move the story along at. all.I couldn't disagree more.
5141	bardgal	2012-05-30	I couldn't disagree more.I would love it if you're right... but I just don't see it.
5142	victim	2012-05-30	Of course, filmmakers can trick the audience by making it seem as though the horse has just pooped, when in fact it is poop they got from the stable floor and just put by the horse's hind legs with some plopping sound effects to make it seem as though it's just happened in real-time.
5143	bardgal	2012-05-30	Yes. Of course.
5144	House Snow	2012-05-30	Yeah, Tywin's horse shitting is necessary at all...I guess the last shot will be a aerian shot of nightfall Iceland (just like in the Cold Wind Tease) and fade to back alongside the last blast fades too in the distance (just as the camera gets futher and further from the FOFM before fading to black).I mostly agree.  I think its almost certainly going to be 3 horns followed by the aerial shot in the trailer only I think the last aerial shot will be of the walkers.
5145	Maester Murks	2012-05-30	Of course, filmmakers can trick the audience by making it seem as though the horse has just pooped, when in fact it is poop they got from the stable floor and just put by the horse's hind legs with some plopping sound effects to make it seem as though it's just happened in real-time.If i could tell you how many crazy old men i've seen, making grand claims abot filmtricks full of horse shit...
5146	samrtk	2012-05-30	Two blasts, preparation, then a delayed third blast, the black brothers share a few dreadful looks. They've set up the Three Blasts across this season with the teaser, and the scene on the Fist. The landscape around them lighting up with pale blue eyes in the dark, then fade to black would be chilling, definately the scene to end the season with.
5147	Baitac	2012-05-30	Look. Everyone knows that they did away with the chain so they could film Tywin's horse. AFTER Tywin's horse, I think they will indeed end with a long view of Mance's forces as the three blasts are blasted. Last year they finished with fire. This year they will finish with ice.
5148	Nuttz	2012-05-31	Just becuase the Three Blasts sond is the last on the soundtrack, it doesn't mean that scene will be the last. It may just mean that it's the last peice of music played, as in the final scene doesn't have music or Three Blasts is played over the credits. That being said, I still think it will end with the Fist. It's either going to be Bran and co leaving Winterfell, or the Fist, and obivously the Fist is a much better scene to end on. It has pretty great potential. Imagine this: the first blast comes and every one looks happy and a bit apprehensive, they all stop to wait. The second blast comes and a look of fear spreads across all of their faces. They immediately spring to action, grabbing weapons and the like. The third blast comes and they all stop what they're doing and look absolutely fucking terrified. Slow zoom out and fade to black, END! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
5149	Apoapsis	2012-05-31	I follow the 'unsullied' (non book readers) at TWoP pretty regularly, and every time I think about Ramsay *shudder* I try to even imagine their reaction. They've spent these two seasons discussing how awful, terrible, cruel, psycho, nuts, mean, cold, are the various 'bad' characters they've met. And I say to myself 'yoicks, folks, you aint' seen nuthin' yet!' Ramsay is the stuff of nightmares. Freak, par excellence. [img]../../../public/style_emoticons/default/ack.gif[/img]Wait... they are non-book readers and they call themselves 'the unsullied'? How does that work?
5150	The Frostfangs	2012-05-31	I mostly agree.  I think its almost certainly going to be 3 horns followed by the aerial shot in the trailer only I think the last aerial shot will be of the walkers.Wow a Game Of Thrones/ Walking Dead cross over!
5151	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-31	Of course, filmmakers can trick the audience by making it seem as though the horse has just pooped, when in fact it is poop they got from the stable floor and just put by the horse's hind legs with some plopping sound effects to make it seem as though it's just happened in real-time. There is lots of CGI involved because remember Tywin's horse would shit gold it is presumed. LOL
5152	Arkash	2012-05-31	Wait... they are non-book readers and they call themselves 'the unsullied'? How does that work?No, we call them the Unsullied, but they are not aware of it... they call themselves "spitballers".And call us "Book-Walkers".
5153	StarkWard	2012-05-31	Two blasts, preparation, then a delayed third blast, the black brothers share a few dreadful looks. They've set up the Three Blasts across this season with the teaser, and the scene on the Fist. The landscape around them lighting up with pale blue eyes in the dark, then fade to black would be chilling, definately the scene to end the season with. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  And someone peeing.
5154	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-31	Bran's "broken, but not dead" line as the group leaves a torched Winterfell.
5155	sumpthy	2012-05-31	Davos on some floating debris in the Blackwater. Maybe they could do a homage to Titanic like they did Saving Private Ryan this week and have Matthos clinging to the side with Davos promising never to let go. Then when Salladhor Saan shows up Davos will find Matthos dead and let go. My Heart Will Go On would be a perfect song to end the season on.
5156	Arkash	2012-05-31	Davos on some floating debris in the Blackwater. Maybe they could do a homage to Titanic like they did Saving Private Ryan this week and have Matthos clinging to the side with Davos promising never to let go. Then when Salladhor Saan shows up Davos will find Matthos dead and let go. My Heart Will Go On would be a perfect song to end the season on.That would be ridiculously hilarious.
5157	Baitac	2012-05-31	I know, I know! They will do THE MAP!! From high above, they start at Qarth and show the dragons flying and the House of the Undying as it's burning, then the map goes to King's Landing and it shows a teeny tiny Davos on the raft (as discussed above) and some wildfire still burning, then to Winterfell burning, then the Wall with the little elevator full of people going DOWN and little people figures on the wall blowing three blasts at the same time, but not together (kind of New Year's Eve) then it moves north and we see Mance's forces looking like ants and bigger ants (giants), and then it moves more north, and we see wights walking around like tiny Frankensteins. The map would cover everyone's thoughts about the final shot.
I forgot, the map returns to King's Landing where we see a bunch of horse poop. Fade to black.
/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
5158	kimik	2012-05-31	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=K9GDvjyfPFcI can definitely see this ending the episode.
					
					
							Edited by kimik, 31 May 2012 - 01:19 PM.
5159	Le.Chevalier.D'Eon	2012-05-31	It's hard to predict what the final scene will be. The show has strayed dramatically from the books, it would not surprise me if the final scene of the season involve Roz in a scene that one of the show writers spontaneously created. Perhaps Roz and Littlefinger reminescing about their favorite childhood dessert. Yuck! Man, that would be one to p/off the loyal fans!
What I would like to see is little Drogon tearing apart that beating heart, and then torching down the House of the Undying with his flames.
5160	Crown	2012-05-31	No, we call them the Unsullied, but they are not aware of it... they call themselves "spitballers".And call us "Book-Walkers".Could you give a link to their forums, I'd love to read their discussions.
5161	bikie	2012-05-31	definitely the 3 horns... a great way to end the season...
5162	Arkash	2012-05-31	Could you give a link to their forums, I'd love to read their discussions.http://forums.televi...3204374&st=3750I go everyday over there ! And we have a good topic about them on the General GoT section.
5163	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-31	went to the forum and first thing i see is speculation about Bronn beating Jamie.... come on bro ha
5164	Ser Hippie	2012-05-31	An HBO executive will appear to inform us that season 3 is being replaced by a True Blood/GoT crossover series
5165	J_Crews	2012-06-01	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=K9GDvjyfPFcI can definitely see this ending the episode.Holy sh!t, that's an ominous piece of music!definitely the 3 horns... a great way to end the season...Agree completely.  I'd almost put money on it.An HBO executive will appear to inform us that season 3 is being replaced by a True Blood/GoT crossover seriesIf this happened, there's a good chance I'd end up on CNN and not in a good way (is there a good way?)...  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
5166	Arkash	2012-06-01	went to the forum and first thing i see is speculation about Bronn beating Jamie.... come on bro haRead ahead... amazing discussions about Stannis and Sansa over there !
5167	Which Tyler	2012-06-01	Horn blast; Sam looks to Ed and says "Have we got rangers out?" Ed replies "nah, it'll be..."
2nd blast; close up of Sam looking nervous and flustered
3rd blast; camera zooms out from Sam's terrified face; and shows his crotch showing wet.
Fade to Black
					
					
							Edited by Which Tyler, 01 June 2012 - 09:29 AM.
5168	Mediumjon Umber	2012-06-01	Horn blast; Sam looks to Ed and says "Have we got rangers out?" Ed replies "nah, it'll be..."2nd blast; close up of Sam looking nervous and flustered3rd blast; camera zooms out from Sam's terrified face; and shows his crotch showing wet.Fade to BlackBa dum tsh
5169	Dacie	2012-06-01	Agree, it'll be the three blasts. Last season ended with fire, this season will be ice.
5170	mpbarnes	2012-06-01	Everybody seems to think it will be three blasts or some variation on that storyline.  I don't think that's good enough to close the season.  None of those characters are major characters.  We're much more likely to close up with Dany burning down the HOTU or opening Xaro's vault or (and I'm surprised that I don't think anyone has mentioned this yet) Jon Snow being brough to Mance Rayder's camp and them showing us just what a large army he already has.
I think it's also very likely that Jon killing Qhorin and maybe Ygritte saying "We're Going To Need To Get You A New Cloak" could be the final scene and final line, but I'd rather have Dany close out each season.
5171	J_Crews	2012-06-01	Sam might be killing a White Walker in the finale, after all, based on this.  So, maybe we'll see a bit of the fight at the Fist."Access: So on to the Season 2 finaleâ<U+0080>¦ Last we saw Sam, he found dragonglass in Episode 8. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming up?John: Without giving too much away, basically, Samwell, who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel that he could ever really have much of an effect on anything when it comes to helping the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch do what they have to do, suddenly finds through finding this dragonglass, this obsidian that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s got, that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found a way of doing something that â<U+0080><U+0094> up until then â<U+0080><U+0094> was a complete mystery to anybody else. So, through this dragonglass, he finds his worth as a member of the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch."
5172	oracle86	2012-06-01	Sam might be killing a White Walker in the finale, after all, based on this.  So, maybe we'll see a bit of the fight at the Fist."Access: So on to the Season 2 finaleâ<U+0080>¦ Last we saw Sam, he found dragonglass in Episode 8. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming up?John: Without giving too much away, basically, Samwell, who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel that he could ever really have much of an effect on anything when it comes to helping the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch do what they have to do, suddenly finds through finding this dragonglass, this obsidian that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s got, that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found a way of doing something that â<U+0080><U+0094> up until then â<U+0080><U+0094> was a complete mystery to anybody else. So, through this dragonglass, he finds his worth as a member of the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch."That would be awesome.
5173	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-06-01	I think it's also very likely that Jon killing Qhorin and maybe Ygritte saying "We're Going To Need To Get You A New Cloak" could be the final scene and final line, but I'd rather have Dany close out each season.I always thought that would be the final shot, with Jon killing Qhorin outside the waterfall surrounded by Rattleshirt's men. But then they kinda changed his story a bit so I'm not so sure.Given how "Three Blasts" is the name of the final song on the soundtrack, can't help but think that the final shot will be of the wights emerging from the woods/bottom of the cliff followed by a quick shot of Sam, Grenn and Edd's horrified face. Season 3 kicking off straight where it left off.Saying that, Dany fleeing the HotU with it burning in the background might be just as awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 01 June 2012 - 05:42 PM.
5174	Kyle Baratheon	2012-06-01	The final shot will be of Chett's piss filling the snow, and Sam deciding to have a snowcone to cool his nerves. It is known.
5175	House Snow	2012-06-01	Sam might be killing a White Walker in the finale, after all, based on this.  So, maybe we'll see a bit of the fight at the Fist."Access: So on to the Season 2 finaleâ<U+0080>¦ Last we saw Sam, he found dragonglass in Episode 8. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming up?John: Without giving too much away, basically, Samwell, who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel that he could ever really have much of an effect on anything when it comes to helping the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch do what they have to do, suddenly finds through finding this dragonglass, this obsidian that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s got, that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found a way of doing something that â<U+0080><U+0094> up until then â<U+0080><U+0094> was a complete mystery to anybody else. So, through this dragonglass, he finds his worth as a member of the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch."Holy ****, nice find.  Sounds like we are going to get more on that storyline than I thought.
5176	CrypticWeirwood	2012-06-01	Sam might be killing a White Walker in the finale, after all, based on this.  So, maybe we'll see a bit of the fight at the Fist."Access: So on to the Season 2 finaleâ<U+0080>¦ Last we saw Sam, he found dragonglass in Episode 8. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming up?John: Without giving too much away, basically, Samwell, who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel that he could ever really have much of an effect on anything when it comes to helping the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch do what they have to do, suddenly finds through finding this dragonglass, this obsidian that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s got, that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found a way of doing something that â<U+0080><U+0094> up until then â<U+0080><U+0094> was a complete mystery to anybody else. So, through this dragonglass, he finds his worth as a member of the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch."Very interesting. It sounds like theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re pulling up some of Samâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story arc from Storm then. That way he will actually have some sort of plot resolution this season.
5177	Puck the Goat	2012-06-01	Three blasts at the fist.
Dany on the docks, with the assassin closing in.
Winterfell burning.
5178	JP Dayne	2012-06-01	I think it will end with Dany meeting Arstan!
5179	NewJeffCT	2012-06-01	If they had left Osha and the boys out of the previous episode, I would have said that her leading the boys out of the crypts and through the remains of Winterfell, finding a wounded Luwin and then leaving him, and Winterfell behind, would have closed out the season.  Similar to the book.
Sad that Winterfell is sacked, but also positive that the boys are still alive.
Now that the suprise of Bran & Rickon being alive is gone from the TV show, my guess now is Dany leaving a burned down House of the Undying with her dragons will close out the season.
5180	Puck the Goat	2012-06-01	I think it will end with Dany meeting Arstan!I'd love that, but I'm not sure if they have Selmy on the payroll for this season.
5181	J_Crews	2012-06-01	I'd love that, but I'm not sure if they have Selmy on the payroll for this season.agreed
5182	drm7	2012-06-02	I don't know how they would quite pull it off on TV, but a fairly quick change of scenes: 1) Theon getting whacked by Ramsay...cut to 2) the smoldering embers of the House of the Undying with Dany walking away, not looking back...cut to 3) the look on Sam/Pyp/Grenn's face with three horn blasts...fade to black.
I think Snow/Quorin doesn't merit a closing scene...it will probably be the penultimate scene.
5183	Sun	2012-06-02	Three blasts.
5184	J_Crews	2012-06-02	Joffrey will die choking.... but im not sure that will be the final shot/scene. Probably just before that.ummm... a bit early for that.
5185	kingpodrick	2012-06-03	Sam might be killing a White Walker in the finale, after all, based on this.  So, maybe we'll see a bit of the fight at the Fist."Access: So on to the Season 2 finaleâ<U+0080>¦ Last we saw Sam, he found dragonglass in Episode 8. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming up?John: Without giving too much away, basically, Samwell, who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel that he could ever really have much of an effect on anything when it comes to helping the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch do what they have to do, suddenly finds through finding this dragonglass, this obsidian that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s got, that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found a way of doing something that â<U+0080><U+0094> up until then â<U+0080><U+0094> was a complete mystery to anybody else. So, through this dragonglass, he finds his worth as a member of the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch."my bet is on Three Horn Blasts. but this.. so exciting! will we get to see sam the slayer?!..this is my first post. been lurking around here for a few months now. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5186	Kaldaur	2012-06-03	Whitebeard is going to make an appearance. He'll be in this episode, no doubt about it.
5187	Ulfric Stormcloak	2012-06-03	I imagine a scene with Jon, Ygritte and the Wildings (on the march to Mance's camp, after having killed Qhorin) with Jon asking why they want to attack the Watch or bring down the wall or something along though lines. Ygritte will say "You know nothing, Jon Snow" and then we'll cut to the Fist of the First Men. Random chatter between Sam and co - then the first horn blast, with Sam getting all excited that Jon is returning; a second horn blast and a call to arms is heard; the third horn blast and silence as the camera lingers on their frightened faces, or it pans back and you see something moving towards the Fist.With no big reveal that Bran and Rickon are still alive, the three horn blasts has to be the final scene of the season.
5188	Arkash	2012-06-03	It is already revelaed that Bran and Rickon are alive.
5189	Ulfric Stormcloak	2012-06-03	It is already revelaed that Bran and Rickon are alive.Yeah, that's what I mean. In the books it's a big(ish) reveal, but since we already know that in the show it's no surprise and needn't be the last scene of the season.
5190	J_Crews	2012-06-03	I imagine a scene with Jon, Ygritte and the Wildings (on the march to Mance's camp, after having killed Qhorin) with Jon asking why they want to attack the Watch or bring down the wall or something along though lines. Ygritte will say "You know nothing, Jon Snow" and then we'll cut to the Fist of the First Men. Random chatter between Sam and co - then the first horn blast, with Sam getting all excited that Jon is returning; a second horn blast and a call to arms is heard; the third horn blast and silence as the camera lingers on their frightened faces, or it pans back and you see something moving towards the Fist...Scroll back up and read the interview I posted with the guy who plays Sam.  Seems pretty clear from his comments that we're likely to see some of Sam the Slayer in action.
5191	Serr Parker	2012-06-03	Theres a picture of IMDB of Sam, Grenn and Edd for this episode, and I can't think of any other reason why they would be in it other than the 3 blasts, horrible way to end it for the people that haven't read it though
5192	Ulfric Stormcloak	2012-06-04	Hmph. On the one hand, slightly happy that they didn't end on the Three Horns and we got a better glimpse of the true threat north of the wall, but also upset that Sam didn't get to kill a White Walker this season.
5193	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	Sadly, it was adapted very poorly IMO.
5194	Aegnor	2012-06-04	Why did the White Walker not kill Sam? Why did he look at him and walk on? Why did the wights not kill him? How is he going to survive this in anything like a reasonable manner? Why?
I knew they would end the season with three blasts, as that is the name of the last track on the soundtrack, but they totally botched it by having Sam there in the middle of it. There is literally no way for Sam to reasonably make it out of the situation alive. It is ridiculous that he is even still alive.
5195	Fragile Bird	2012-06-04	Last years finale ended on what could be the highlight of the entire series with the birth of dragons. I don't think that there is any way to leave this season on that kind of a high. There are several directions that the writers can exit this year, and I just wanted to examine a few of them.1. Arya receives the coin from JH - Although I believe this will happen in the ep, I don't think this would be a way to close out2. Danny's dragons burn the House of the Undying - This could be spectacular, but it leaves the season ending with destruction3. The burning of Winterfell - a complete bummer, I don't think that the writers would want the last impression of this show to be so negative4. Tyrion wakes - a nice narrative, but not climactic enough...Here is what I think will happen. We are getting the Jon Snow and Halfhand fight. This could be earlier in the episode. I think that the last thing we see as the cameras pan away will be a shot of John and Ygrette looking down on the Fist with a full view of the wildling army with Giants and Mammoths included. It would be a perfect close for the season.Hey, not bad, not bad at all!  Do you ever go to the racetrack?  How's your lottery number picking ability?
5196	Morvran	2012-06-04	Why did the White Walker not kill Sam? Why did he look at him and walk on? Why did the wights not kill him? How is he going to survive this in anything like a reasonable manner? Why?I knew they would end the season with three blasts, as that is the name of the last track on the soundtrack, but they totally botched it by having Sam there in the middle of it. There is literally no way for Sam to reasonably make it out of the situation alive. It is ridiculous that he is even still alive.I'm curious to see how they handle that as well.  I couldn't tell if the white walker's look was contemptuous or something else.  Was he like, "I see you human...piss your pants and run to tell your story.  You're beneath me."  Or was it more in line with the walker identifying Sam as someone special that he's not supposed to touch?  The latter doesn't make much sense but I was grasping for straws last night.
5197	Goku Kakaroto	2012-06-04	Why did the White Walker not kill Sam? Why did he look at him and walk on? Why did the wights not kill him? How is he going to survive this in anything like a reasonable manner? Why?Because he is a useless coward??? /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> and everybody knows it? and it shows? /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
5198	Francis Buck	2012-06-04	He didn't want to make Sam a zombie because then he'd eat all the other humans before they could make new wights.
5199	MizasterJ	2012-06-04	In A Clash Of Kings, why do you think the undying ones attacked Daenerys?
5200	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-06-04	(Very) crudely speaking, book reading fans of GOT come into three categories.
1. Any book changes are bad.
2. Some book changes are necessary.
3. It's not meant to be the books, changes are fine. It should be viewed as a TV show.
Now, I think that most of us would fall into the latter two categories, and there has been a debate over the last few weeks as to what extent, if any, people should complain about the changes.
I think a lot of us are ok with changes in principle, but I personally and I think many others have been annoyed at the extent to which some storylines have been changed, and a part of me feels that, as a book reader (albeit one who only started reading having seen a poster for GOT. I read all of book 1 before watching however, and have read through to the end of ADWD since), we are being short changed, especially with regards to Qhorin/Jon storyline amongst others in the finale. Many of the reasons we enjoyed ACOK have been removed, presumably with the notion of making GOT more "telegenic". On the other hand, one could argue that these adaptations may lead the casual viewer towards the books, and we'd all be happy about that.
Now, that is my view, and I won't go into too much detail before others have posted, but the basic question is this. Do you think that the writers of GOT should do more to satisfy and reward those who have read the books?
5201	Sterling Archer	2012-05-29	Hey yall,Long time lurker, first addition.I'd like to preface this comment by saying that I can't exactly recall where this event fits in the time line of the books, but I believe it's not too far into A Storm of Swords.But.How awesome would it be for the episode to completely neglect Stannis until the last scene, and then show him performing the ritual where he sacrifices three leeches (engorged with king's blood) while saying the names of the "pretenders?"	"The usurper - Joffrey Baratheon... The usurper - Balon Greyjoy... The usurper [dramatic @ss pause] Robb Stark (Â!dun dun dun! curtain)I'm of the opinion that this would leave people clamoring for the next season and evoke countless exclamations of, "oh no he didn't!" I mean, that'd be my reaction and I've read the books a couple of times a piece.I know there are a few problems with this scene.  Namely, if I recall correctly, the blood in the leeches is supposed to belong to Robert's bastard, Edric Storm.  However let me paint a picture for you: A shirtless Stannis standing in front of a fire, back to the camera.  Melisandre is standing opposite, talking about the importance of King's blood.  While she's speaking she's walking around the flame toward Stannis and the camera pans with her, rotating using the fire as a fulcrum, and remaining focused on her countenance. She then says to name those who should be claimed by the lord of light.   When she reaches Stannis' side we see three leeches stuck to his chest.  Then he rips them off one by one, tossing them into the fire, delivering the lines above.I think something like that would give the scene a ritualistic feel to add more mystique to the Red Religion for viewers, and adequately set the stage for next season.  And while it's not canon, a scene like this should be enjoyable for readers.  Excuse my colloquialism, but as a reader, I think that sh!t would be ballin'.
5202	Crown	2012-05-30	Not yet, they should end one of the early episode in season three with this.
EDIT: I think the non-book readers would think it's a lame season finale, it's not spectacular. It would be much better to end an episode with it.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 30 May 2012 - 03:52 AM.
5203	*expletivedeleted*	2012-05-30	i think this would really set the scene for season 3.
5204	Lord Balbi	2012-05-30	Three Horns!!!!
Fade to black. Perfect.
5205	Lebronn Jaime	2012-05-30	As expletivedeleted said, the leeches scene is perfect as an intro to season 3 and is great foreshadowing for the events of ASoS. Three Blasts would definitely close out this season well, but I have a feeling we're going to actually see/hear the White Walkers since D&D said they had Skroth made up by the sound engineer.
5206	boojam	2012-05-31	Hey yall,Long time lurker, first addition.I'd like to preface this comment by saying that I can't exactly recall where this event fits in the time line of the books, but I believe it's not too far into A Storm of Swords.But.How awesome would it be for the episode to completely neglect Stannis until the last scene, and then show him performing the ritual where he sacrifices three leeches (engorged with king's blood) while saying the names of the "pretenders?"	"The usurper - Joffrey Baratheon... The usurper - Balon Greyjoy... The usurper [dramatic @ss pause] Robb Stark (Â!dun dun dun! curtain)I'm of the opinion that this would leave people clamoring for the next season and evoke countless exclamations of, "oh no he didn't!" I mean, that'd be my reaction and I've read the books a couple of times a piece.I know there are a few problems with this scene.  Namely, if I recall correctly, the blood in the leeches is supposed to belong to Robert's bastard, Edric Storm.  However let me paint a picture for you: A shirtless Stannis standing in front of a fire, back to the camera.  Melisandre is standing opposite, talking about the importance of King's blood.  While she's speaking she's walking around the flame toward Stannis and the camera pans with her, rotating using the fire as a fulcrum, and remaining focused on her countenance. She then says to name those who should be claimed by the lord of light.   When she reaches Stannis' side we see three leeches stuck to his chest.  Then he rips them off one by one, tossing them into the fire, delivering the lines above.I think something like that would give the scene a ritualistic feel to add more mystique to the Red Religion for viewers, and adequately set the stage for next season.  And while it's not canon, a scene like this should be enjoyable for readers.  Excuse my colloquialism, but as a reader, I think that sh!t would be ballin'.No that's not a money shot.I remember when I read that scene in the novel I thought Stannis had become addled. (I am sorry but I fault George for this one.)  Joffrey ... yes ... that's obvious, even tho Joff is ineffective. Balon, in the long run no threat there.Robb, if Stannis had any intelligence there he would have known that Robb was the least enthusiastic pretender, in fact in the long run could have been persuaded to go back to taking Ned's job, tho may have been demands for more Northern autonomy.The logical choices would have been Tywin first, Joff second, and Tyrion.Even tho the Tywin Tyrion thing has a self-resolution.More logical than Tyrion would have been or even Joff would have been to nullify House Lannister and House Tyrell, his closest and most immediate threats.The Greyjoys seemed uninterested or at least a bit addled too. and it seems they would never have the resources.. and the Starks did not care for the South and could be dealt with later.Except for Joff (and that seems kind of wasted on an ineffectual king) the choices are not strategic.I am guess because of magic Stannis could not have named The Great Other!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 31 May 2012 - 05:39 AM.
5207	*expletivedeleted*	2012-05-31	i always felt that the three deaths were more to prove a point then anything else. i dont think Mels rituals actually contributed the deaths, rather she had already seen their deaths and saw an opportunity.
5208	K.C.	2012-05-31	boojam, Stannis performs the ritual because he views all those laying claim to any part of the Seven Kingdoms as usurpers who are denying him his rights. That's why any form of alliance (even temporary) with the likes of Renly or Robb Stark is unthinkable to him.
He's very much addled. To say GRRM is somehow at fault for his character flaw is to miss the point.
					
					
							Edited by Savarin, 31 May 2012 - 05:58 AM.
5209	boojam	2012-05-31	boojam, Stannis performs the ritual because he views all those laying claim to any part of the Seven Kingdoms as usurpers who are denying him his rights. That's why any form of alliance (even temporary) with the likes of Renly or Robb Stark is unthinkable to him.He's very much addled. To say GRRM is somehow at fault for his character flaw is to miss the point.Geroge wrote him...I think Stannis is addled... but Geroge does not make this clear in that scene.His choices just seem goofy to me.But I think *expletivedeleted* is right the deaths were probably just coincidence.
5210	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-31	Not yet, they should end one of the early episode in season three with this.EDIT: I think the non-book readers would think it's a lame season finale, it's not spectacular. It would be much better to end an episode with it.My thoughts exactly, especially because Stannis doesn't do very much in aSoS.
5211	Harrad	2012-05-31	Stannis can not prevail, one would think. Still his foray north of the wall, shows him to be more than a mono-maniac concerned only with his perceived "right."
5212	J_Crews	2012-06-01	Three Horns!!!!Fade to black. Perfect.Three Horns FTW!!!
5213	Pellaeon	2012-06-01	Three Horns and Sams face
5214	Which Tyler	2012-06-01	Three Horns!!!!Fade to black. Perfect.almost this.Horn blast; Sam looks to Ed and says "Have we got rangers out?"2nd blast; Ed replies "Nope, but the Wildlings have"3rd blast; camera zooms out from Sam's terrified face; and shows his crotch showing wet.Fade to Blacki always felt that the three deaths were more to prove a point then anything else. i dont think Mels rituals actually contributed the deaths, rather she had already seen their deaths and saw an opportunity.and this
					
					
							Edited by Which Tyler, 01 June 2012 - 09:13 AM.
5215	Xanrn	2012-06-01	Yep all 3 were already on the path to their deaths.
Hell Balon's assassin was slow but was already on the move before Robert even died.
Robb has already lost the Boltons/Freys.
Joffrey was dead asoon as Sansa told QoT he was an arsehole.
5216	Second sword of Braavos	2012-06-03	Nice idea! Think it could work well but for me...
Three blasts for White Walkers or Ramsay Bolton sacking Winterfell.
5217	J_Crews	2012-06-03	Posted this in the other thread, but I thought maybe it should go here as well, consider the conversation.We may be treated to some "Sam the Slayer" action in tonight's finale, based on this. So, maybe we'll see a bit of the fight at the Fist."Access: So on to the Season 2 finaleâ<U+0080>¦ Last we saw Sam, he found dragonglass in Episode 8. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coming up?John: Without giving too much away, basically, Samwell, who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel that he could ever really have much of an effect on anything when it comes to helping the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch do what they have to do, suddenly finds through finding this dragonglass, this obsidian that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s got, that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found a way of doing something that â<U+0080><U+0094> up until then â<U+0080><U+0094> was a complete mystery to anybody else. So, through this dragonglass, he finds his worth as a member of the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch."
