nick	date	comment
1	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-22	continue discussion of Ep 208. Remember, keep it classy and civil.
2	Pellaeon	2012-05-22	Good episode, I love the Tyrion, Bronn, Varys part but the Robb Talisa part was boring
3	Rockroi	2012-05-22	From the prior thread:I hated that they gave Robb the lines that Eddard is supposed to have told him about a man being brave when he is afraid. Ok, they left the lines out from the discussion between Brandon and Eddard at the beginning. It is shame, but I can live with it. But giving this to Robb talking to this random Volantene is just wrong.I actually thought that this worked.  Just to point out the obvious: the show has the luxury that MArtin's POV system did not, namely adding first-hand context to Robb's (embarrassingly bad) decision to reneg on the betrothal.  Here the show wants to give us more face-time with Robb and they want to paint Robb as the decent, honorable and courageous leader with a streak of romanticism.  Instead of having a relatively simplistic story of Robb vbeing wounded and then bedded and then, of course, having to marry that woman who boff'd him, this story has a more gradual movement.  Slowly and surely these two people continue to grow together and inexorably find a bond.  And to do THAT you need those moments of honesty and revelation (ie: "I am revealing to you something deeply personal; please do not betray by trust in doing so.").  Having Robb talk about Ned, his father, to a woman he obviously loves works in that context.  I don't think its a failure at all but a very good rearrangement of Ned's wisdom. And its a good excuse to show how Ned still influences his children. As is the whole Robb+Volantene romance. She is becoming his personal Ros now.Can't agree.  First, Roz is a wholly invented character while the Volanese woman is a representation of Jayne and is replacing her.  Roz does not replace anyone.  While Roz is basically a catch-all to give us context to scenes we otherwise would have no link to, she is a relatively empty space- she adds nothing to the story and provides no insight.  The Volanese woman, meanwhile, is a deeply effecting character to the story as she and Robb are slowly meandering down the path to certain disaster.  This has huge ramifications. But its more: in the series we have the opportunity to actually meet Robb and interact with him; in the books we knew him only second hand through Cat (and to a much lesser degree through Bran).  Martin has said several times that if he had it to do all over again he would have given Robb a POV.  Okay, with THAT said, Robb's love must seem genuine and real or its a failure.  Robb cannot just get married off-stage (as he did in the book) and just explain it away after the fact.  No.  we are now WITH Robb so if he suddenly marries a foreign woman ... well.. we better know a reason why.  That reason why MUST be real and genuine.  To me, the show has done a very good job of making that relationship seem genuine. By contrast nothing about Roz feels real; she is grossly tacked on to the show and is only there to provide a place-holder so the audience knows what is going on.  And ... and it does not help that the actress playing Roz is ... decent but not very good (ie: if you are going to have a scene where a character cries the actress may actually want to actually cry). Also, he was terrible to Catelyn, much more than is the books.Well, there's a reason for that.  In the books, Robb confronts Cat after Robb himself has fucked up and married Jayne, so he knows that he needs top forgive Cat to get her forgiveness (and help).  Also, in the books, Cat frees Jaime after she is told Bran and Rickon are dead.   I think the show is rushing the Cat story-line in an attempt to take time-pressure off the next season (SoS is a HUGE book- as I have stated before: a certain pair of weddings take place at page 585 and 684 respectively.... that's appx 2/3 of the way through the books- we still have another 300+ pages to go after that).  Therefore, Robb's words seem more cruel because he does not have the mitigating circumstance of his mother having to mourne Bran and Rickon.  He is free to be more honest with her on her horrible act. Again, Cat's actions lose so much empathy because they were done without the context of Bran and Rickons "deaths"; that is a harder sell and Robb is not bound to be kinder to his mother without it.
4	legba11	2012-05-22	I forgot to add my (killed the thread) post in Mk I.
Have they just thrown LF knowing about Arya out the window?  They have this great scene, with a significant plot development, and then it just disappears in a puff of smoke.
5	insertname	2012-05-22	The same can be said of Tywin. If he did know she was Arya(I assume this wasn't the case), why leave her with Gregor? But if he didn't know exactly who she was, why did he make no move to find out who she is? There aren't exactly many northern highborn girls running around ready to be captured, so Tywin should at least be a bit intrigued who she is...but nope.
6	legba11	2012-05-22	He clearly did not know.  LF even tested his knowledge when he (LF) found it out with his comment about DaughterSSSS.
I loved how Tywin/Arya ended.  It was a meaningless arc (plotwise), but developed both characters better than Martin ever did.  And it ended perfectly.  After weeks of soulful conversations, clearly a bond forming, Tywin casually tosses Arya into the meat grinder because she serves no purpose for Tywin Lannister.  That moment so perfectly defines his character. With 5 seconds of effort, he could have put her in a good position (working somewhere decent in Harranhal or even dispatching her with a couple of peon guards to Moat Caitlin for a small ransom, she is a Northern Highborn).  But no, it's not worth that 5 seconds of effort, so he gives her to the worst human being on the planet.
LF, however, did know who she is.  He also knew Tywin did not know.  I don't understand how he would leave Harrenhal without such a valuable commodity.  It's like seeing a copy of Detective Comics #1 at a yard sale, and not paying the $2 they are asking for it.  I understand that story-wise they can't let LF get her, because her story doesn't go that way, but we should have seen LF's plot to grab her get foiled.
7	Arkash	2012-05-22	Does anyone else think the fact that they put the horn among the dragonglass means it will have some importance later on ?
8	Grey Robb	2012-05-22	Regarding Tyrion and the Chain or lack thereof: I put a few context clues together from the Varys/Tyrion/Bronn banter and I believe they are scraping the chain entirely in favor of another method.
I think Tyrion "the Highborn Plumber of Casterly Rock" will devise some scheme with flushing rather than flinging a majority of the wildfire into the waters of Blackwater Rush.  The scene with Bronn shooting the fire arrow made it seem as though he could have been using it to set the contaminated river ablaze.  I still think they will probably fling some wildfire, and use ships full of wildfire as battering rams, but I think the crux of the plan will be the river itself.
Not necessarily as ingenious as the chain, but it serves the same purpose of "trapping" and eviscerating Stannis' fleet.  It's probably a lot more budget conscious as well, and would still be creditable to Tyrion's ingenuity. Just a thought.
9	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-22	My guess:
Talisa will tell Robb she is Jeyne.  They story she gave is that of her Grandmother's.  Robb will meet her family.  Talisa/Jeyne is in on something with Roose, right now.  There are knowing looks whenever they pass each other in the tent.  I think they weren't planning on Jeyne actually falling in love with Robb.  She was supposed to just be a spy, passing on info from Roose to Tywin.  Roose is so adamant about Ramsay going to Winterfell, because that is part of the plan, for the Bolton's to hold Winterfell for Tywin.  There was no Weasel Soup because in the TV version, Roose gets to take Harrenhall without a fight, since he is already partnered with Tywin.  
Mandon Moore will try to kill Tyrion, Pod will save him.
No chain, but wildfire from the sewers, trapping the ships.  
Not sure if there will be a "Renley" sighting.
Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie run into the Brotherhood.
10	legba11	2012-05-22	The bay of wildfire seems quite plausible and really not much of a change.
I think we will definitely see "Renly", though likely it will be Loras.  Maybe as Tyrion's last image before he drops unconscious. Even possible as the last shot of the episode.
11	DurararaFTW	2012-05-22	The bay of wildfire seems quite plausible and really not much of a change. I think we will definitely see "Renly", though likely it will be Loras. Maybe as Tyrion's last image before he drops unconscious. Even possible as the last shot of the episode.If they were gonna do "Renly", they would've given him an helmet and an armor with a striking color. Renly has a rich uniformthis season, but not exactly one that'll catch your attention from the top of a hill.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 22 May 2012 - 11:44 AM.
12	rmholt	2012-05-22	Does anyone else think the fact that they put the horn among the dragonglass means it will have some importance later on ?It waas true to the book.  It is minuscule compared to the purported horn of joramun and worse compared to drngonbinder.  Plus it cannot make noise. Sometimes a cigar is just a cigarPerhaps the original Weasel will reappear with it and use it to destroy the Others.
13	legba11	2012-05-22	We'll see, i can visualize a fading Tyrion looking up, seeing Loras in the green armor (which we saw plenty of) and a stag helm (which we have not seen), and mumbling, "Renly?" as he passes out and the credits roll?  I agree that they have not waved the armor in in our faces like Roz's nipples, but I would be surprised if they pass up on a moment like that.  I've been wrong before, and will be again about the show.  After the past two episodes, i have no idea what they're doing at this point, so...
14	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	It waas true to the book. It is minuscule compared to the purported horn of joramun and worse compared to drngonbinder. Plus it cannot make noise. Sometimes a cigar is just a cigarRubbish! Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s there because Martin made sure the showrunners knew it was somehow essential to the overall plot. There can be no other explanation. The Horn of Sam is definitely SOMETHING.  We just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what yet, whether in the show or in the books. But meaningful there can no longer be any doubt of its being.
15	Craven Mummer	2012-05-22	Since D&D have gotten input from GRRM on the future plotlines, maybe the whole Jeyne/Talisa thing may take a more impotent role in the next book. If I remember correctly, Jeyne is not at the RW, and the possibility of a Stark heir is still unresolved.
(null)
16	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	From the prior thread: I actually thought that this worked. Just to point out the obvious: the show has the luxury that MArtin's POV system did not, namely adding first-hand context to Robb's (embarrassingly bad) decision to reneg on the betrothal. Here the show wants to give us more face-time with Robb and they want to paint Robb as the decent, honorable and courageous leader with a streak of romanticism. Instead of having a relatively simplistic story of Robb vbeing wounded and then bedded and then, of course, having to marry that woman who boff'd him, this story has a more gradual movement. Slowly and surely these two people continue to grow together and inexorably find a bond. And to do THAT you need those moments of honesty and revelation (ie: "I am revealing to you something deeply personal; please do not betray by trust in doing so."). Having Robb talk about Ned, his father, to a woman he obviously loves works in that context. I don't think its a failure at all but a very good rearrangement of Ned's wisdom. And its a good excuse to show how Ned still influences his children.I agree about that. It only felt somehow wrong to me, that is all.Can't agree. First, Roz is a wholly invented character while the Volanese woman is a representation of Jayne and is replacing her. Roz does not replace anyone. While Roz is basically a catch-all to give us context to scenes we otherwise would have no link to, she is a relatively empty space- she adds nothing to the story and provides no insight. The Volanese woman, meanwhile, is a deeply effecting character to the story as she and Robb are slowly meandering down the path to certain disaster. This has huge ramifications. But its more: in the series we have the opportunity to actually meet Robb and interact with him; in the books we knew him only second hand through Cat (and to a much lesser degree through Bran). Martin has said several times that if he had it to do all over again he would have given Robb a POV. Okay, with THAT said, Robb's love must seem genuine and real or its a failure. Robb cannot just get married off-stage (as he did in the book) and just explain it away after the fact. No. we are now WITH Robb so if he suddenly marries a foreign woman ... well.. we better know a reason why. That reason why MUST be real and genuine. To me, the show has done a very good job of making that relationship seem genuine. By contrast nothing about Roz feels real; she is grossly tacked on to the show and is only there to provide a place-holder so the audience knows what is going on. And ... and it does not help that the actress playing Roz is ... decent but not very good (ie: if you are going to have a scene where a character cries the actress may actually want to actually cry).Heh, I wrote this just because she reminded me of Ros in one moment when Robb starts talking about his problems and she is there only for him to have someone to talk to.I do not really think their relationship works (I like it better in the books, despite there we know almost nothing about it), but opinions differ in that, apparently. :shrug:
17	Mista C	2012-05-22	Regarding Tyrion and the Chain or lack thereof: I put a few context clues together from the Varys/Tyrion/Bronn banter and I believe they are scraping the chain entirely in favor of another method. I think Tyrion "the Highborn Plumber of Casterly Rock" will devise some scheme with flushing rather than flinging a majority of the wildfire into the waters of Blackwater Rush. The scene with Bronn shooting the fire arrow made it seem as though he could have been using it to set the contaminated river ablaze. I still think they will probably fling some wildfire, and use ships full of wildfire as battering rams, but I think the crux of the plan will be the river itself. Not necessarily as ingenious as the chain, but it serves the same purpose of "trapping" and eviscerating Stannis' fleet. It's probably a lot more budget conscious as well, and would still be creditable to Tyrion's ingenuity. Just a thought.Wow!  Never even thought of that, but I believe you are absolutely right.  The "pig shit" comment, plus Tyrion's story to Varys about being "the Highborn Plumber of Casterly Rock" seems very obvious now!  They will somehow "flush" jars of wildfire into the bay to ignite, maybe behind the fleet once it enters the bay.  Not the same as the chain, but kinda along the same lines.  And the whole time he was telling the story about being in charge of the plumbing at Casterly Rock, I was like "where is this story going?"
18	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	@legba11
Since prev. thread is locked I can't quote you, but I think it's personal interpretation re: whether the Halfhand was "captured" or no.  It just reads tougher to me to have him die- sacrificially to boot- before anyone could technically take him into custody.  I respect him more.  It echoes something of the grit in the old Hollywood westerns.  Also lines up well with Ygritte's answer to his question in the prev. episode, which is why I find it bizarre that he now shows up a prisoner.  Don't really know what the point of having her say that was.
19	RL Terrill	2012-05-22	Did Robb actually get to the Crag? I cannot seem to remember that being confirmed by word or deed. Perhaps the msg about Cat freeing Jamie stopped him from reaching the Crag ....
20	Rockroi	2012-05-22	Talisa will tell Robb she is Jeyne. The story she gave is that of her Grandmother's. Robb will meet her family. Talisa/Jeyne is in on something with Roose, right now. There are knowing looks whenever they pass each other in the tent. I think they weren't planning on Jeyne actually falling in love with Robb. She was supposed to just be a spy, passing on info from Roose to Tywin. Roose is so adamant about Ramsay going to Winterfell, because that is part of the plan, for the Bolton's to hold Winterfell for Tywin. There was no Weasel Soup because in the TV version, Roose gets to take Harrenhall without a fight, since he is already partnered with Tywin.This may be true, but there is one problem: its not economical.  What I mean is that it complicates a relatively simple story line.  If Robb marries Jayne/Talisa it does not matter that much if she is a Westerling of a Volanese.  To Walder Frey a betrayal is a betrayal.  We then advance the story in much the same way regardless of whether or not we ever meet the character's family.  This way- if Talisa is exactly what she says she is -we still get to the Red Wedding without any fuss or muss.  Tywin can still get wind of this and still alert Frey and Bolton (its possible Bolton is Tywin's spy, not Talisa). However, if Talisa is Jayne Westerling, we then have to spend time introducing us all to her family, which means more actors, more plot, more time with Robb and draws us away from the other major players.  In other words, more time an effort that would all be saved if Robb just marries this Volanese woman he has loved for so long.  Same betrayal, same outcomes, BUT more economical as the writers have already completed that investment in the story and WOULD NOT have to reinvest in it in the third season.
21	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-22	This may be true, but there is one problem: its not economical. What I mean is that it complicates a relatively simple story line. If Robb marries Jayne/Talisa it does not matter that much if she is a Westerling of a Volanese. To Walder Frey a betrayal is a betrayal. We then advance the story in much the same way regardless of whether or not we ever meet the character's family. This way- if Talisa is exactly what she says she is -we still get to the Red Wedding without any fuss or muss. Tywin can still get wind of this and still alert Frey and Bolton (its possible Bolton is Tywin's spy, not Talisa). However, if Talisa is Jayne Westerling, we then have to spend time introducing us all to her family, which means more actors, more plot, more time with Robb and draws us away from the other major players. In other words, more time an effort that would all be saved if Robb just marries this Volanese woman he has loved for so long. Same betrayal, same outcomes, BUT more economical as the writers have already completed that investment in the story and WOULD NOT have to reinvest in it in the third season.Indeed. I think they just let go of the Westerling-story. It wouldn't make any sense as they could've spent that time to other storylines. Neh, Talisa's has to be the girl Robb forsakes his honor for. I don't care at all though, the Westerlingstory would have been hard to believe by nonbookreaders as it was already hard to believe by the bookreaders. In my opinion at least, I really couldn't believe that the son of Ned Stark would do this. On the other hand, just becA!use he is the son of Ned Stark, it's possible to explain his action as well.
22	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	He clearly did not know. LF even tested his knowledge when he (LF) found it out with his comment about DaughterSSSS.I interpreted that as bait for Arya's reaction, but I guess it works for Tywin, too...I loved how Tywin/Arya ended. It was a meaningless arc (plotwise), but developed both characters better than Martin ever did. And it ended perfectly. After weeks of soulful conversations, clearly a bond forming, Tywin casually tosses Arya into the meat grinder because she serves no purpose for Tywin Lannister. That moment so perfectly defines his character. With 5 seconds of effort, he could have put her in a good position (working somewhere decent in Harranhal or even dispatching her with a couple of peon guards to Moat Caitlin for a small ransom, she is a Northern Highborn). But no, it's not worth that 5 seconds of effort, so he gives her to the worst human being on the planet. LF, however, did know who she is. He also knew Tywin did not know. I don't understand how he would leave Harrenhal without such a valuable commodity. It's like seeing a copy of Detective Comics #1 at a yard sale, and not paying the $2 they are asking for it. I understand that story-wise they can't let LF get her, because her story doesn't go that way, but we should have seen LF's plot to grab her get foiled.Like this a lot.Regarding Tyrion and the Chain or lack thereof: I put a few context clues together from the Varys/Tyrion/Bronn banter and I believe they are scraping the chain entirely in favor of another method. I think Tyrion "the Highborn Plumber of Casterly Rock" will devise some scheme with flushing rather than flinging a majority of the wildfire into the waters of Blackwater Rush. The scene with Bronn shooting the fire arrow made it seem as though he could have been using it to set the contaminated river ablaze. I still think they will probably fling some wildfire, and use ships full of wildfire as battering rams, but I think the crux of the plan will be the river itself. Not necessarily as ingenious as the chain, but it serves the same purpose of "trapping" and eviscerating Stannis' fleet. It's probably a lot more budget conscious as well, and would still be creditable to Tyrion's ingenuity. Just a thought.A very good thought, and I do believe you're right.The bay of wildfire seems quite plausible and really not much of a change. I think we will definitely see "Renly", though likely it will be Loras. Maybe as Tyrion's last image before he drops unconscious. Even possible as the last shot of the episode.I think Loras as Renly is highly likely and I think it would be a good change.  Don't think it's dramatic enough for the end shot, though.  I sort of assumed it'd be Bran and Rickon out of the crypts revealing they were alive but now that that's shot, I'm thinking homage to last season the dragon(s) burning down the House of the Undying...though it wouldn't really finish off Dany's plotline from Clash.Since D&D have gotten input from GRRM on the future plotlines, maybe the whole Jeyne/Talisa thing may take a more impotent role in the next book. If I remember correctly, Jeyne is not at the RW, and the possibility of a Stark heir is still unresolved. (null)True, we don't exactly know that there isn't a Robb Stark heir, but we do know about Jeyne's mother getting in the way of that.  Not impossible, of course, for GRRM to throw us a curveball later; one might even say it is likely, considering Jeyne just sort of disappeared and nothing much has been said about her.  Discarded b/c she was merely a plot device or saved up and waiting in the wings with a little understudy in her belly...who can say?  Look what happened when LF disappeared for awhile....
23	Leuf	2012-05-22	I forgot to add my (killed the thread) post in Mk I. Have they just thrown LF knowing about Arya out the window? They have this great scene, with a significant plot development, and then it just disappears in a puff of smoke.I think we'll see this come up again at a later date.  One thing it does show you now is that LF is clearly not on the Lannisters' side, since he didn't say anything to Tywin.
24	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	This may be true, but there is one problem: its not economical.  What I mean is that it complicates a relatively simple story line.  If Robb marries Jayne/Talisa it does not matter that much if she is a Westerling of a Volanese.  To Walder Frey a betrayal is a betrayal.  We then advance the story in much the same way regardless of whether or not we ever meet the character's family.  This way- if Talisa is exactly what she says she is -we still get to the Red Wedding without any fuss or muss.  Tywin can still get wind of this and still alert Frey and Bolton (its possible Bolton is Tywin's spy, not Talisa).However, if Talisa is Jayne Westerling, we then have to spend time introducing us all to her family, which means more actors, more plot, more time with Robb and draws us away from the other major players.  In other words, more time an effort that would all be saved if Robb just marries this Volanese woman he has loved for so long.  Same betrayal, same outcomes, BUT more economical as the writers have already completed that investment in the story and WOULD NOT have to reinvest in it in the third season.I don't think it's quite the same, if we take as given the arguments of economy/budget/simplicity and leave the rest, I still think it blows that Tywin will only be in cahoots with the Freys in bringing about the RW.  The Westerling subplot was a brilliant, cold and calculating bit of Tywinesque strategizing and opportunism, nicely echoing his lifting of the siege in KL during Robert's rebellion, and it would have been nice to have that side of things included.  Especially considering the whole grandfatherly rapport with Arya this season, I think he's not quite coming off as the powerful, unstoppable monster he is in the books, and the viewers may find it hard to gel with Tyrion taking him out later. I know we've heard the Tysha story, but we've seen the Arya interactions, so it's up for debate how non-readers will interpret him.  I agree with the earlier post about his casually dumping Arya on the Mountain as a good view of cold-hearted Tywin, but that again, is partially due to the fact that those of us who've read the books have reason to fear and loathe the Mountain much more than the TV audience, who've only seen him slaughter a horse and heard the story of what he did to little bro as a kid.
25	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	I think we'll see this come up again at a later date. One thing it does show you now is that LF is clearly not on the Lannisters' side, since he didn't say anything to Tywin.LF is only on one person's side, ever and always.
26	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	The Westerlings had nothing to do with the RW or plotting it, it's explicitly noted in the text because Sybelle Westerling is furious about it (since it got Raynald killed). The Red Wedding was a Bolton/Frey/Tywin plot; the Westerling betrayal was Sybelle feeding Jeyne the contraceptive.We do lose that subplot but it was only relevant in one scene in AFFC.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 03:39 PM.
27	legba11	2012-05-22	@legba11Since prev. thread is locked I can't quote you, but I think it's personal interpretation re: whether the Halfhand was "captured" or no.  It just reads tougher to me to have him die- sacrificially to boot- before anyone could technically take him into custody.  I respect him more.  It echoes something of the grit in the old Hollywood westerns.  Also lines up well with Ygritte's answer to his question in the prev. episode, which is why I find it bizarre that he now shows up a prisoner.  Don't really know what the point of having her say that was.Ahh, i see you now, gotcha. I agree it conflicts with Ygritte, but she doesn't speak for all Wildlings.  (Likely it was sloppy writing)
28	Morrigan	2012-05-22	Buckwheat, you said "since when can Shae read?". When was she shown to be reading? I didn't notice at all. A minor nitpick, to be sure, but I'm curious. Anyway, TV-Shae was apparently highborn, so I guess it's not that surprising. Personally I'm more puzzled about Bronn's literacy, lol.
29	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	Ahh, i see you now, gotcha. I agree it conflicts with Ygritte, but she doesn't speak for all Wildlings. (Likely it was sloppy writing)It's pretty easy to explain, really, even ignoring the possibility Ygritte was wrong. She says that if they were feeling merciful they'd kill the Halfhand quickly, if not (trails off). Rattleshirt specifically mentions they're going to find out what Halfhand knows, which presumably doesn't involve pleasant treatment - the "or else" implied in Ygritte's statement.
30	arrowsmith	2012-05-22	agreed on Talisa = Talisa, there is no Jeyne
I'll actually be annoyed if they have the chain at Blackwater since there has been no mention of it by Tyrion, only the wyldfire which is more than enough to defeat Stannis
was Tywin really heading to fight Robb? Thought he was supposed to show up at Blackwater, confused...
31	Rockroi	2012-05-22	I don't think it's quite the same, if we take as given the arguments of economy/budget/simplicity and leave the rest, I still think it blows that Tywin will only be in cahoots with the Freys in bringing about the RW. The Westerling subplot was a brilliant, cold and calculating bit of Tywinesque strategizing and opportunism, nicely echoing his lifting of the siege in KL during Robert's rebellion, and it would have been nice to have that side of things included. Especially considering the whole grandfatherly rapport with Arya this season, I think he's not quite coming off as the powerful, unstoppable monster he is in the books, and the viewers may find it hard to gel with Tyrion taking him out later. I know we've heard the Tysha story, but we've seen the Arya interactions, so it's up for debate how non-readers will interpret him..Obviously anything that reveals the brilliance of Tywin is always good in my book.  Unfortunately, its details that this story cannot (literally) afford to elaborate on.  I completely agree that in the books, the Westerlings were being used (willingly) by Tywin to trap Robb and that plan worked brilliantly.  Well, that level of Machiavellian cunning cannot be properly translated in this show.  So, we have to settle for the next best thing which is Tywin working with the Freys to take down Robb.  Not as fulfilling, but not empty either. The Westerlings had nothing to do with the RW or plotting it, it's explicitly noted in the text because Sybelle Westerling is furious about it (since it got Raynald killed). The Red Wedding was a Bolton/Frey/Tywin plot; the Westerling betrayal was Sybelle feeding Jeyne the contraceptive.Ah... no... I agree that they probably had no idea that there would be a grand execution that evening, but Lady Spicer can protest all seh wants- she knew that she was serving Robb to Frey by way of Tywin.  How do we know this?  Well, duh- just like Deep Throat said years ago- follow the money:â<U+0080><U+009C>This grants Ser Rolph Spicer title to the castle Castamere and raises him to the rank of lord.â<U+0080><U+009D> Tommen scrawled his name. .. This is your royal pardon for Lord Gawen Westerling, his lady wife, and his daughter Jeyne, welcoming them back into the kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s peace,â<U+0080><U+009D>Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (p. 819). Bantam. Kindle Edition.Obviously, these people do not get these huge benefits and titles etc simply because they wrote Tywin nicely.  The Westerlings knew (or more aptly "should have known") that their actions were going to lead Robb to his doom.  Maybe not at the RW, maybe not in the manner described, but as soon as Sybil Spicer put quill to parchment, Robb Stark was as good as dead.  Tywin orchestrated it all after that, but what did Sybil think Tywin was going to do?  Declare Robb Stark a royal "Liar Liar Pants Be-Ith On Fire?" The Westerlings want all the benefit of Robb's destruction (they took the pardons and titles, I assume), but none of the blame.  Well... too bad.  Its sort of like saying "Hey, didn't kill the guy.... I just painted the huge bull's eye on the guy and then called the guy with the gun and told him where to point."
32	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	Yes, but I'm talking about what they did, practically speaking, to betray Robb. They (Sybelle and Rolph) obviously were working against him but in terms of story progression their key act was Sybelle feeding the contraceptives to Jeyne. In the books, Rolph appears in order to have Greywind react poorly to him and be sent away. Sybelle is a background character that doesn't do much (that we know of) until one scene in AFFC. Ruining the RW plotting would mean altering the Freys/Boltons/Tywin, losing the Westerlings doesn't really matter with regards to the Red Wedding.I certainly don't agree withas soon as Sybil Spicer put quill to parchment, Robb Stark was as good as dead.The RW was Frey's idea; he goes to Tywin for (lack of a better term) "moral support". Similarly, it's Bolton's idea to betray Robb, Tywin's role is to hammer out the details. Robb is dead for many reasons, but Sybelle and Rolph are extremely minor players at best.Rolph and Sybelle are definitely opportunists and (to most readers) villains, but they're not really that important in general outside of removing the possibility of Robb having an heir. The Frey, Bolton and Karstark betrayals are a lot more serious and relevant to "painting a bull's eye" on Robb.Sybelle and Rolph betray Robb to cover their own asses - well Sybelle to protect her family too (the pardons)- and make a small profit (Castamere is famous but also a ruin the Westerlings can't afford). Sybelle, at least, certainly wouldn't have sent Raynald along if she had actually understood what the plan was. From Tywin's PoV there's absolutely no need to involve either of Sybelle or Rolph in his plot as they're not necessary to it.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 04:36 PM.
33	legba11	2012-05-22	It's pretty easy to explain, really, even ignoring the possibility Ygritte was wrong. She says that if they were feeling merciful they'd kill the Halfhand quickly, if not (trails off). Rattleshirt specifically mentions they're going to find out what Halfhand knows, which presumably doesn't involve pleasant treatment - the "or else" implied in Ygritte's statement.Yep, its explainable in several ways, though I think the most likely case is the writers didn't even consider it.  It doesn't really matter, IMO.  Similar to Catelyn not knowing that Cersei had a son who died last season.  You can come up with explanations, but the simplest one is sloppy writing.
34	Leuf	2012-05-22	LF is only on one person's side, ever and always.Yes, but LF could get something from the Lannisters with this knowledge.  The fact that he doesn't try to get anything out of it shows that he is already planning against them and not going to be around to reap any rewards from them.On the other hand he's actually putting Arya in danger by not telling him.  If Tywin doesn't know who she is then she can be discarded, as we saw.  If he still thinks he can win Cat over then you'd think he'd be angling to get Arya himself.  So I think he's perhaps given up on Cat at this point and set his sights on Sansa already.
35	Leuf	2012-05-22	It's pretty easy to explain, really, even ignoring the possibility Ygritte was wrong. She says that if they were feeling merciful they'd kill the Halfhand quickly, if not (trails off). Rattleshirt specifically mentions they're going to find out what Halfhand knows, which presumably doesn't involve pleasant treatment - the "or else" implied in Ygritte's statement.No, you're missing the context of how Ygritte says they would just kill Qhorin.Robb wants to take Ygritte prisoner rather than kill her.  He offers up the idea that they could question her as justification.  Qhorin responds to this by asking her a couple of questions, to which Ygritte says nothing.  Qhorin then asks her what they would do with him if they got hold of him.  Ygritte quickly responds they'd either kill him quickly or kill him slowly, depending on what sort of mood they were in.So what exactly is the motivation for Ygritte to either lie about this or speak on behalf of other free folk over which she has no authority, when this answer is confirmation of Qhorin's side of the argument that they should just kill her on the spot?  This scene only makes sense if Ygritte is just speaking an obvious truth that there is no point in denying.  Except that it isn't true.
36	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	How is it not true?First of all, Ygritte actually does answer two of his questions (revealing the Wildlings are massed there in great numbers). After she then refuses to answer a couple more questions, Qhorin asks if the wildlings would take him prisoner. Ygritte doesn't say yes or no directly, she just gives the line about taking his head off if they were feeling kind and kill him slow otherwise. How does "take him prisoner, torture him for information, then kill him (presumably painfully)" not fit until the killing him slow?I don't see why taking Qhorin prisoner makes people think they were going to be merciful, I'm pretty sure they were going to grind whatever information they could out of him, then brutally kill him. Thinking Ygritte meant literally "they'll kill you quickly right that instant" or "they'll slowly kill you immediately after that instant" is too reading that scene too literally.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 06:09 PM.
37	Leuf	2012-05-22	Because they aren't just questioning him before they kill him, they are transporting him back as a captive for Mance to do whatever he likes with him.  It's clearly not in the spirit of Ygritte's answer, which is that they have no interest in taking him prisoner, they just want to kill him.
38	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	Rattleshirt specifically says that Qhorin will know more (about what the Watch is doing) than Jon when Ygritte and her band arrive. He's being kept alive for a reason.
Mance has no reason to keep Qhorin alive afterwards. HE keeps Jon alive in the books because Jon convinces him that he'd want to actually join the Wildlings, not to be merciful or kind. I don't know why you'd expect Mance to keep Qhorin alive if he made it that far in the show (and he won't, of course, anyway).
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 07:42 PM.
39	Currawong	2012-05-22	Agree with Rockroi's posts above.   The writers have had to condense and streamline so much anyway, plus they were also faced with the task of bringing certain key people onto our screens where they are absent from the book ACOK.   Robb in particular does not get a POV in the book, but because they have to show him on-screen (they can hardly have characters sitting down and expounding at length about what he's done!), they have to make some changes that allow them to show Robb, but in a condensed and meaningful way.   The real guts of the Robb + Talisa/Jeyne story is that Robb is betrothed to a Frey girl, but because he has sex with another woman, he decides it is honourable to marry  her and thus he betrays his vows to the Freys.  As long as the writers can show that critical element leading into Series 3, then I couldn't care less if they have Talisa rather than Jeyne.Similar to Catelyn not knowing that Cersei had a son who died last season. You can come up with explanations, but the simplest one is sloppy writing.  Get realistic.  It's not sloppy writing at all - why on earth would Catelyn, married to Ned and way up north in WInterfell for all those years and concerned with her own family, know or care anything about what was happening to Queen Cersei in KL as far as having babies went?   She's hardly on good terms with Cersei anyway!
40	Harrad	2012-05-22	Is there anything in the book that shows Jayne to have betrayed Robb? Not to my (imperfect) memory. Whoever Talisa is, hardly matters, seeing as the Red Wedding is coming. Its enuf for me that she is Charlie Chaplins granddaughter. Roose is a traitor in the book and will no doubt be one in the series. I just wonder what fate the series has for Theon since I can't imagine his fate in the book would be allowed in a video series. Its just too creepy. This episode allows me to revisit my pet peeve (at least one of them) in the book. Catelyn Stark showed no evidence for the moron gene before releasing Jaime. She was far from a paragon (witness her treatment of Jon and Tyrion) but being the daughter of one great Lord and the wife of another, should have given her a little more fortitude.
41	nara	2012-05-22	Get realistic.  It's not sloppy writing at all - why on earth would Catelyn, married to Ned and way up north in WInterfell for all those years and concerned with her own family, know or care anything about what was happening to Queen Cersei in KL as far as having babies went?   She's hardly on good terms with Cersei anyway!I think that the news of the king and queen having a child and his subsequent death would make it around the kingdoms.  The children of a king are incredibly important, so people will pay attention.  Plus, with Ned and Robert being such close friends, they would be bound to take an interest in each other's lives.  I remember thinking it odd in the first episode that Robert asks Arya her name, because he should know Ned's children, but I wrote it off as the type of thing adults say to children...
42	Currawong	2012-05-22	Catelyn Stark showed no evidence for the moron gene before releasing Jaime. She was far from a paragon (witness her treatment of Jon and Tyrion) but being the daughter of one great Lord and the wife of another, should have given her a little more fortitude.Sorry, but Book Catelyn was also an idiot.   Sure, she was a desperate mother worried about her daughters, and in the books she was also grieving for Bran and Rickon.  But as you say, she was the daughter and wife of great lords, so she SHOULD have understood the practical and political imperatives of keeping a key person like Jaime Lannister, Kingslayer and son of Tywin, as a Stark prisoner.   He was a bargaining chip they could ill afford to lose, but she threw it away on some inherently stupid scheme to send him off downriver in a boat to KL, with only a Lannister cousin and Brienne to guard him.  As harebrained and idiotic schemes go, that one realiy is hard to better!  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
43	Lyana	2012-05-22	Nice episode despite the lack of action.
The show obviously is slowing down before the finale grande.
I liked all the scenes in general. Here are some impressions in order of appearance:
- I actually didn't have much to say about Asha until now, because I've just had started to read AFfC. But now I'm nearly half into the book and have to admit that Asha is becoming one of my favourites. Thus the big interest I've had about the Asha/Theon scenes. This is the first time we see her in her true light. The actress has captured the essence of the character and the interaction with Alfie was great. We get too see how the different perception of the ironmen can turn the captives into brave children. I enjoyed very much the emphasis on how different the points of view of Asha and Theon are. And yet, they are still btother and sister and there exists some connection between them as little as it is. The Asha/Theon interaction was one of the highlights of this episode imo.
- I'm relieved to see a nice set-up abot the big Jon scene coming in episode 10. I'm glad we're going to see him killing Qhorin after all. About the issue how Jon is represented in the second season, I'll discuss it further in another thread. The big problem here still remains - where the f*** is Ghost? How are the going to think of some plausible explanation that he is gone all the time?
Loved the scenes on the Fist too. The shots in Iceland are breathtaking.
- I've seen that the scenes with Robb caused a huge discussions in this thread and there are many posts about this, so I won't go in details. My confusion about the Jeyne/Talisa story comes from a memory I have, about reading an article of the cast decisions few months ago. I've read somewhere that they have casted Oona Chaplin for the role of Jeyne Westerling. So I really thought at some point she will be revealed as Jeyne. After watching this episode I'm not so sure about this anymore. But it's fine by me, if she remains Talisa. I see what are they trying to do here and it's ok. We have a beautiful lovestory and a great chemisrty between the actors. They have been made so lovable, that while watching the love scene I had tears in my eyse for knowing what is going to happen in next season. Robb's story line works for me so far.
- In this episode we have a near-highlight, where I see a potential to become one of THE highlights at the end of this season and the beginning of the next one. I find the Jaime/Brienne interaction particularly funny and can't wait to see more of that.
- Well, the way Arya's story was handled was a bit surprising but as long as the coin-giving is shown, I'm fine with it. There was a plausible explanation for every person Arya picked and her last choice was handled well in this episode. Will miss the weasel soup in the show, but eh, what are you going to do ... it is not the end of the world. The passing through the gate with all the dead Lannister guards was creepy enough. I see the writers have something in mind, since the name of episode 10 is Valar Morghulis. I will miss the Arya/Tywin interactions though. Those were the best.
- Tyrion's scenes were THE best moments in this episode. I'm extremely happy about seeing Varys again. Missed him very much and was annoyed by the constant showing of LF. The Tyrion/Varys/Bronn scene was particularly funny and I enjoyed it very much. Nice actintg of Lena Headey too. I've been waiting to see that evil little smile of hers since the teaser came out a few months ago. Also it was a pleasant surprise to see the Red Keep during the Varys/Tyrion conversation. Have almost forgotten that they are in KL. The place looked different form KL in season one. It was a nice refreshing detail.
- The Davos/Stannis conversation was one of my favourite moments in this episode. Stephen Dillane is growing into his character with every episode and this was his highlight. "We were forgotten" - all the bitter dissapointment about not being appreciated by his brother was overwhelming and I nearly felt it myself. The cats and dogs-line was hilarious.
- Not really much to say about Dany's little scene. Still waiting for the HoU.
- Last episode and this episode both ended with something that was thought to be a "twist", I suppose. I didn't really feel the tension as in the books. I watched it both times with my boyfriend, a non-book reader. By the end of episode 7 he was sure that Bran and Rickon are alive and those burned bodies belonged to someone else. But during episode 8 his certainty was shaken and  before the end he was already convinced the boys were actually dead. Then the final scene came and had an impact on him - he was really relieved. His reaction made me appreciate those final scenes more as some kind of twist. 
Overall I liked this episode very much, but now can't wait to see the highlight of the season next week.
44	Currawong	2012-05-22	I think that the news of the king and queen having a child and his subsequent death would make it around the kingdoms.Not necessarily.  You are looking at things from a 21st century POV where communication is instant.   Heck, some kids these days look totally dumbfounded at the idea that people actually wrote physical letters!   In the world of Westeros, urgent communication is by raven, and those are only used for essential matters, not the ordinary chit chat.  Ordinary letters between people can take weeks or months to arrive (and sometimes don't arrive at all) and they didn't have newspapers or any other form of public information other than gossip.   Nor do I see Robert as the sort of person who regularly wrote 'happy family catch up' letters even to his best friend Ned!   I don't therefore find it at all strange in the context of Westeros that Catelyn didn't know about a child of Cersei's who died very young.  And even if Ned had happened to mention it to her in passing, it would not the sort of detail that Cat wouldhave bothered to remember.Anyway, that aspect of the Cat/Cersei conversation was such a very minor point, it hardly qualifies as 'sloppy writing'.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 22 May 2012 - 09:00 PM.
45	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	Not necessarily. You are looking at things from a 21st century POV where communication is instant. Heck, some kids these days look totally dumbfounded at the idea that people actually wrote physical letters! In the world of Westeros, urgent communication is by raven, and those are only used for essential matters, not the ordinary chit chat. Ordinary letters between people can take weeks or months to arrive (and sometimes don't arrive at all). I don't therefore find it at all strange in the context of Westeros that Catelyn didn't know about a child of Cersei's who died very young. And even if Ned had happened to mentionit to her in passing, it would not the sort of detail that Cat wouldhave bothered to remember.This seems crazy to me - remember that you are talking about the heir to the throne.  Her firstborn child is the next King, there is no way that wouldn't be a big deal.
46	StarkWard	2012-05-22	(+)
Bronn and Tyrion quabbling like spouses
Podrick Payne!
Lamprey pie name drop
"You're beautiful." and Shae's look of doubt soon after
Another mention of bastard at the Dreadfort
Stannis' menu in Storm's End, and his exposition
And Tyrion's question to Varys that we've all wondered: What do you want? Tell me.
(-)
Still no mention of chain, but I think Tyrion's invented plumbing history will matter soon.
Robb/Talisa. I'm sorry, it's just... no. Backstory is good though.
47	birdsong66	2012-05-22	She was far from a paragon (witness her treatment of Jon and Tyrion) but being the daughter of one great Lord and the wife of another, should have given her a little more fortitude. I would say that Catelyn has shown an extrordinary amount of courage while dealing with pain and adversity. Specifically regarding Jon and Tyrion.And before this flames, we can simply agree to disagree on this point. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
48	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-22	The worst episode of the season so far. Horrible writing plus significant changes from the books with little action made it a chore to get thru. 
Tyrion is being made to look weak and pathetic.  Catelyn looks dumb (I didn't see her as this dumb in the novels).  
The only good scene was Theon and Asha and Maester Luwin and Osha at the end.....
49	legba11	2012-05-22	. Get realistic. It's not sloppy writing at all - why on earth would Catelyn, married to Ned and way up north in WInterfell for all those years and concerned with her own family, know or care anything about what was happening to Queen Cersei in KL as far as having babies went? She's hardly on good terms with Cersei anyway!Cersei's pregnancy with the first born heir to the throne would be MASSIVE news.  Pig Farmers on bear Island would be aware she is pregnant eventually.  The death of said heir would be the biggest news in the Kingdom for years. (probably until Greyjoy's rebellion happened)  This is a world where the Lord of Bones mentions Ned Stark's death as common knowledge.  So clearly information gets around.  Catelyn would have been aware of every step of Cersei's pregnancies, and certainly the death of the crown prince.  The writers wanted to add something more emotional to the scene, so they threw in a dead baby for Cersei (real or fake).  They clearly gave little thought to impact of such a thing.  Isn't it also odd how this dead prince is never mentioned again anywhere in the show?  While Cersei is beginning to go batshit about her living children, you'd think it would come up again.  That kind of thing makes an impact on parents.
50	Currawong	2012-05-22	I just don't find it a huge deal, or think that Cat would follow every step of Cersei's pregnancy ('how' she would do that is beyond me).   Ned's death as head of the Starks had far more practical importance for the kingdom.  Basically, it was a tiny, tiny little conversation point in the TV show and hardly evidence of supposed "sloppy writing".  
Edited for typo.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 22 May 2012 - 10:03 PM.
51	Harrad	2012-05-22	I would say that Catelyn has shown an extrordinary amount of courage while dealing with pain and adversity. Specifically regarding Jon and Tyrion. And before this flames, we can simply agree to disagree on this point. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I agree. BTW earlier I mentioned that the same thing happened in the book so the comment that started "Sorry..." was off the mark.
52	Harrad	2012-05-22	Two great examples of "enhancements" by the HBO crew are the story of Robb (offscreen in the books) and the stealing of the dragons to further motivate Dany toward the House of the Undying. This latter could be a nice payoff if the dragons get a little action rather than then just being retrieved. The details of how Stannis comes to grief in the battle of Kings Landing hardly matter, whereas the cinematic presentation does. We shall see. Without going back to the book shelf...how much of Book 2 is in series 2?
53	Craven Mummer	2012-05-22	I'm hoping the dragons have been magically aged by the warlocks. Regardless of his size, I want Drogon to go face to face with Pyatt and blow fire right on his ugly mug. I'm always up for a good face melting.
(null)
					
					
							Edited by Craven Mummer, 22 May 2012 - 10:27 PM.
54	rmholt	2012-05-22	(+) but I think Tyrion's invented plumbing history will matter soon.Supervision of the drains not invented. He got that instead of a tour of the nine free cities when he came of age.The could spring the chain on us still.
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 22 May 2012 - 10:36 PM.
55	rmholt	2012-05-22	Still no mention of chain, but I think Tyrion's invented plumbing history will matter soon.Not invented.  He got this instead of the tour of the 9 free cities when he came of age.They could still surprise us re: the chain.Marie
56	Evamitchelle	2012-05-22	Sorry, but Book Catelyn was also an idiot. Sure, she was a desperate mother worried about her daughters, and in the books she was also grieving for Bran and Rickon. But as you say, she was the daughter and wife of great lords, so she SHOULD have understood the practical and political imperatives of keeping a key person like Jaime Lannister, Kingslayer and son of Tywin, as a Stark prisoner. He was a bargaining chip they could ill afford to lose, but she threw it away on some inherently stupid scheme to send him off downriver in a boat to KL, with only a Lannister cousin and Brienne to guard him. As harebrained and idiotic schemes go, that one realiy is hard to better! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />As a hostage Jaime was completely useless. He wasn't a bargaining chip because there was no one Robb found important enough to exchange with him (never mind the fact that Sansa had a claim to Winterfell that could be used against the Starks, while Jaime had no claim to speak of, being part of the KG) and he wasn't a deterrent to Lord Tywin who went on with the war as if Jaime'd been killed instead (unlike Lord Paxter Redwyne who stayed out of the war at the beginning because his sons were hostages). The idiot in this situation is Robb, who caved in to his bannermen's expectations, and refused to make a valuable exchange because "girls aren't important enough". Sansa became even more important after Bran and Rickon had been captured. Robb recognizes it himself later on in the books.
57	birdsong66	2012-05-22	As a hostage Jaime was completely useless. He wasn't a bargaining chip because there was no one Robb found important enough to exchange with him (never mind the fact that Sansa had a claim to Winterfell that could be used against the Starks, while Jaime had no claim to speak of, being part of the KG) and he wasn't a deterrent to Lord Tywin who went on with the war as if Jaime'd been killed instead (unlike Lord Paxter Redwyne who stayed out of the war at the beginning because his sons were hostages). The idiot in this situation is Robb, who caved in to his bannermen's expectations, and refused to make a valuable exchange because "girls aren't important enough". Sansa became even more important after Bran and Rickon had been captured. Robb recognizes it himself later on in the books.Oh, thank you, God, er, EvaMitchelle.As harebrained and idiotic schemes go, that one realiy is hard to better!Marrying someone other than a female member of the Frey clan seems to do the trick.  Sending Theon to the Iron Islands is a suitable substitute.  Putting cousin Alton in the same cage as The Kingslayer and providing only one guard which just happens to be the son of one of your bannermen who has already suffered the loss of another son will work in a pinch.  Leaving camp to negotiate a surrender, but asking an unmarried nurse to accompany you, looks bad, is bad, and might just lead your allies to think you have failed to keep your eye on the ball, so thinking with your balls would also fall under harebrained if you find the previous options less to your liking.
58	GreenDream	2012-05-23	All in all, I thought this was a great episode. I understand what they are doing with Talisa... I only wonder why they had to change her name and backstory, but oh well, not a big deal. I agree Catelyn letting the Kingslayer loose looses sympathy because she hadn't gotten word of Bran and Rickon yet, and she still believed that Arya was alive.
My biggest complaint is how they changed Arya's storyline. In the books she was this little ninja wild girl with a strong spirit. We are only seeing little glimpses of her spirit now. She is made to be a little helpless girl who goes running to Jaqen when she needs help. She isn't getting her hands dirty at all. They haven't shown her practising with her stick, heck, they have only shown her "prayer" once. I understand they want to condense and simplify the storyline, but I was really disappointed that they cut the whole part about her and the weaselsoup and freeing the northmen who end up betraying and killing her brother and mother. That was a huge ironic twist, out of the frying pan and into the fire. A lot of people like the Tywin/Arya interactions, but i didn't. I understand why they did it, but still didn't like it. And they need to show what a monster the Mountain is! Right now he is just some brute, but not very intimidating. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Oh, and one little nitpit: they used the word "idiot" like 4 times this episode. If I remember correctly this is a fairly recent use of the word. It would not have been used in that context back then. They should have used words like "fool" or "simpleton" etc. ok I'm done for now. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
59	Leuf	2012-05-23	Rattleshirt specifically says that Qhorin will know more (about what the Watch is doing) than Jon when Ygritte and her band arrive. He's being kept alive for a reason. Mance has no reason to keep Qhorin alive afterwards. HE keeps Jon alive in the books because Jon convinces him that he'd want to actually join the Wildlings, not to be merciful or kind. I don't know why you'd expect Mance to keep Qhorin alive if he made it that far in the show (and he won't, of course, anyway).I never said anything about expecting Mance to be merciful to Qhorin.  I said Ygritte makes it clear that they have no interest at all in Qhorin as a prisoner, they just want him dead.  But now they are doing the exact opposite from just killing him, they are taking the time to cart him off somewhere else for questioning.  Now, they're allowed to change their minds because perhaps she's just thinking in general terms at first, but upon reflection it's pretty odd these guys are all the way out there and maybe they ought to find out whether this is just a ranging or something more.  But if you're going to have a contradiction from one episode to another it ought to be meaningful and something you actually address, otherwise it looks like a mistake.
60	Ser Hippie	2012-05-23	It's not a contradiction, at all, unless you take Ygritte's words extremely literally. If Ygritte had said "They won't question you or ask you questions, they're just going to kill you", that's contradictory.Qhorin asks "Tell me true. If your people captured me, would they hold me prisoner".Ygritte's response how the wildlings' emotions might affect the manner of Qhorin's death, not that they'd kill him immediately afterwards. To touch on Qhorin's specific language - they're not planning on holding him prisoner for any lengthy period of time, which is what Qhorin means (because he just talked about how they don't have the supplies or men to hold Ygritte). The wildlings will still kill Qhorin quickly if they feel kind and painfully if they don't. Do you really think Ygritte needed to say "Well, after they interrogate you since you're a senior officer in the Night's Watch and presumably know what the Watch is planning" first?
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 23 May 2012 - 12:49 AM.
61	CrownedStag	2012-05-23	I thought this was a weak episode even though I knew they were trying to set things up for the final two episodes. It did have some good scenes; Tyrion/Cersei, Tyrion/Varys and Theon was played really well. I'm not a fan of the Robb/"first aid chick" scenes (although I got to see boobies). Who gives a flying toss about Volantis?
62	The Wood of the Morning	2012-05-23	Oh, and one little nitpit: they used the word "idiot" like 4 times this episode. If I remember correctly this is a fairly recent use of the word. It would not have been used in that context back then. They should have used words like "fool" or "simpleton" etc. ok I'm done for now. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />A quote from wiki: [Idiot's] modern meaning and form dates back to Middle English around the year 1300, from the Old French idiote ("uneducated or ignorant person").
					
					
							Edited by The Wood of the Morning, 23 May 2012 - 01:23 AM.
63	Harrad	2012-05-23	If Jaime were useless as a hostage he should have been killed. Sacrificing Brienne and betraying Robb by fomenting dissension among his bannerman were the only possible results of Catelyn's actions. Why is everyone's panties in a bunch about Qhorin? I see the series returning to the gist of the book within the next two episodes by a duel between Qhorin and Jon. No harm, no foul.
64	Harrad	2012-05-23	A quote from wiki: [Idiot's] modern meaning and form dates back to Middle English around the year 1300, from the Old French idiote ("uneducated or ignorant person").There was another word that was used 3? times in the episode in different venues. Cant you guess what it was?
65	The Wood of the Morning	2012-05-23	There was another word that was used 3? times in the episode in different venues. Cant you guess what it was?Uhm no I don't recal....
66	Evamitchelle	2012-05-23	If Jaime were useless as a hostage he should have been killed. Sacrificing Brienne and betraying Robb by fomenting dissension among his bannerman were the only possible results of Catelyn's actions.You forget that the Lannisters had a bunch of hostages of their own, namely Sansa and Arya Stark (at least that's what they keep telling everyone). With both daughters the Lannisters could kill one in retaliation for Jaime and still have their claim on WF through the other. Since Robb and Cat think the Lannisters have both daughters killing Jaime would have been completely stupid. And that's why he's such a useless hostage. He can't be exchanged, he can't be killed, he can't be freed. Basically you can do nothing with him except put him in a cell and let him rot until the end of the war or until the Lannisters lose their own hostages. Exchanging Jaime was the smart thing to do, but since the "legal" way of doing it was blocked to Cat the only recourse she had was to go behind everyone's back and do it herself.
67	Harrad	2012-05-23	I forget nothing. The Lannisters had already given their answer about honorable actions by lopping off Ned's Head. One doesn't make a trade by giving the other side what they want and then hope for the best. It made no sense in the book. It made no sense in the series.
68	Harrad	2012-05-23	Uhm no I don't recal....Sorry I cahnt give you any more hints. I simply cahnt.
69	Evamitchelle	2012-05-23	I forget nothing. The Lannisters had already given their answer about honorable actions by lopping off Ned's Head. One doesn't make a trade by giving the other side what they want and then hope for the best. It made no sense in the book. It made no sense in the series.Cat wouldn't have needed to send Jaime with a guard of 2 if Robb had had the sense to make the exchange in the first place.
70	Ghost714	2012-05-23	Not necessarily.  You are looking at things from a 21st century POV where communication is instant.   Heck, some kids these days look totally dumbfounded at the idea that people actually wrote physical letters!   In the world of Westeros, urgent communication is by raven, and those are only used for essential matters, not the ordinary chit chat.  Ordinary letters between people can take weeks or months to arrive (and sometimes don't arrive at all) and they didn't have newspapers or any other form of public information other than gossip.   Nor do I see Robert as the sort of person who regularly wrote 'happy family catch up' letters even to his best friend Ned!   I don't therefore find it at all strange in the context of Westeros that Catelyn didn't know about a child of Cersei's who died very young.  And even if Ned had happened to mention it to her in passing, it would not the sort of detail that Cat wouldhave bothered to remember.Anyway, that aspect of the Cat/Cersei conversation was such a very minor point, it hardly qualifies as 'sloppy writing'.I don't think it's crazy at all, that Catelyn did not know about Cersei's baby that died. Back then babies did not often survive infancy, that's why the Wildlings don't even name them till they are two years old. A lot of babies would be stillborn also, so it makes sense that Cersei would not send out a raven to each House of Westeros every time the damn thing kicked. Also, the North is not like the South, they don't care as much for gossip, gossip is biggest at Court, and the North especially doesn't care about Southeron gossip. I always got the impression that Ned and Robert didn't really talk much after the Greyjoy Rebellion, that's why Ned didn't even recognize his old friend, after not seeing him for so long, Ned had no idea Robert changed so much. Robert was also never the one to care that much when Cersei had a baby. Just like Cersei said, every time she would go into labor, Robert would go hunting. So obviously it was not a big thing for him. Having a baby for like that, can also be seen by some as a "curse from the gods", so I can see why it isn't something they would want to publicize(similar to how some peoplw thought Tyrion being born a dwarf was a punishment from the gods for Tywin). And like others have said, long distance communication is not perfect in this world, and a lot of the communication gets stopped at the Neck.So in conclusion, I would not call that poor writing at all, I would call it poor thinking, but not on the writers part. Seriously, there are things that have been very poor writing, more than I like to think about, but this is not one of them.
71	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-23	Re-watched the episode last night - still enjoyed it.  But a little concession to the book purists....did anyone notice who Cersei ordered to 'bring in the whore'?  I must admit, I missed it first time round, but she said 'Ser Mandon'.  Yep, Ser Mandon Moore - so we may well see him trying to off Tyrion at the Blackwater after all.
72	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	Finally got a chance to see the episode - like every other episode, some great stuff and some weak stuff:
the weak:
- we've seen Tyrion & Ros on screen together once, why would there be any hint at Ros being his whore, especially after he sent her to another man?   They played it out perfectly - all three were great in the part they did,
- Robb/Talissa - I still believe the boys moment of weakness/man's attempt at honor fit better with the way Ned Starks son was raised rather than the courtship & intentional breaking of his word to Frey.  Course, since I haven't seen a casting for Edmure Tully, maybe the RW doesn't exist here and they take it in a much different direction.  Seeing Richard Madden act has been a plus, but I don't like that storyline.
Arya/Tywin/Jaqen - We know that Arya recognizes Tywin as a main threat, why - after she was staring at his neck with a knife - didn't she go to Jaqen then and give him Tywins name?  Glad they got to her giving him his own name, but then the way they escaped was very weak.
The Crypts - whether or not people knew the boys were alive, revealing them in the crypts with Osha somehow sneaking into them with more food was weakly done.  Let that build - where are they, are they safe?  It's not like we haven't had other characters disappear for a while - since these are in hiding it would have made sense.
Jon/Quorin/Wildlings - in the end, no Squire Dalbridge which to me is a loss.  Great counterpoint to Jons running from the NW previously that this man was ready to die for his brothers without blinking.  One of the most heroic points in the story gone.  And the change that Quorin wasn't backed into a corner to make a decision but captured.
The good:
- in general, the acting is just superb
- Theon/Yara/WF - I liked that they added in the comments she made about childhood and how they both viewed their parents
- Tyrion/Varys - not sure these two could have a bad scene if they tried.
- Tyrion/Cersei - same
- Tyrion/Bronn - rinse/repeat.
- Brienne/Jaime - liking how they start this off, hopefully they can keep the animosity up
- Robb/Catelyn - this scene actually makes the falling for Talissa even harder to swallow; he does his duty here even though it is difficult
- Joffrey - man what a little disconnected from reality shit he is.  But done so well.
- Stannis/Davos - little bit of background, little bit of personality, lots of enjoyment.
- dragonglass - "Maesters called it obsidian".  Let's go Sam the Slayer!
Lots of build up...two episodes left.  Since there has been so much talk about it, I hope they do the battle well - which from the preview it looks like they have - but I hope we get progress on some of the other story lines as well and not just KL.
					
					
							Edited by Â<U+008A>edA1 vlk2375, 23 May 2012 - 07:27 AM.
73	birdsong66	2012-05-23	I forget nothing. The Lannisters had already given their answer about honorable actions by lopping off Ned's Head. One doesn't make a trade by giving the other side what they want and then hope for the best. It made no sense in the book. It made no sense in the series.Tyrion had nothing to do with Ned's beheading, and she knows that much.  She's not trusting the honor of Jaime in either the book or HBOGoT;  She's trusting in Tyrion's honor because, in the book, he swore, in front of the entire court while sitting the Iron Throne, to return the girls unharmed, in time, if Jaime was returned in like manner to KL, and on HBO, returned Ned's bones to Catelyn as a measure/vow to support his intention to do the same.And a hostage who cannot be killed, maimed, released or traded isn't so much a valuable hostage as an albatross.
74	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	Marrying someone other than a female member of the Frey clan seems to do the trick. Sending Theon to the Iron Islands is a suitable substitute. Putting cousin Alton in the same cage as The Kingslayer and providing only one guard which just happens to be the son of one of your bannermen who has already suffered the loss of another son will work in a pinch. Leaving camp to negotiate a surrender, but asking an unmarried nurse to accompany you, looks bad, is bad, and might just lead your allies to think you have failed to keep your eye on the ball, so thinking with your balls would also fall under harebrained if you find the previous options less to your liking.Good points all.  Book Robb was impulsive and foolish wrt Jeyne, which I actually found understandable and tragic in the books in its context, but don't even get me started re: Theon, which I didn't find nearly as understandable.  Jury's still out in my mind on whether or not I like the fact that HBO made it Theon's idea to go negotiate with Balon (though that could be how it went down in the books, as I believe all we know of it is Robb telling Catelyn his plans, but not their genesis).  Unfortunately, though, HBO made Robb even dumber, for several of the reasons you list, which sucks because he was so kickass at the beginning of the season, before all his scenes devolved into romantic mush.
75	legba11	2012-05-23	Finally got a chance to see the episode - like every other episode, some great stuff and some weak stuff: the weak: - we've seen Tyrion & Ros on screen together once, why would there be any hint at Ros being his whore, especially after he sent her to another man? They played it out perfectly - all three were great in the part they did, -She was wearing a Lannister necklace.  Likely something Tyrion had set up (perhaps in return for staying quiet about Joffery)
76	hiddenaway	2012-05-23	Re-watched the episode last night - still enjoyed it. But a little concession to the book purists....did anyone notice who Cersei ordered to 'bring in the whore'? I must admit, I missed it first time round, but she said 'Ser Mandon'. Yep, Ser Mandon Moore - so we may well see him trying to off Tyrion at the Blackwater after all.I think they are going to use Merynt Trant to do this.  Moore was not cast, that was clearly an extra with a helmet on.   Trant however, in this series, is clearly not a big fan of Tyrion, and is in Joffrey/Cersei's pocket.
77	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	She was wearing a Lannister necklace. Likely something Tyrion had set up (perhaps in return for staying quiet about Joffery)Thought that was given to her back in s1/ep 1.The thing that made Alayaya believable was that there were multiple interactions between them that led to the belief she was special - this was a stretch considering Tyrion sent her to Joffrey.   Given who we have seen it had to be Ros due to a lack of options, but the way they connected it was weak.
78	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	Re: why Ros was thought to be Tyrion's whore, that necklace bit comes from last season....remember Theon's infamous full-frontal scene with Ros in which Tyrion was discussed...Theon notices the lion necklace and gets pissed and Ros talks about how some of her clients pay better than others...
79	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	Removed for accidental double post.
					
					
							Edited by Rickon is FIERCE, 23 May 2012 - 08:40 AM.
80	Samalander	2012-05-23	in the end, no Squire Dalbridge which to me is a loss. Great counterpoint to Jons running from the NW previously that this man was ready to die for his brothers without blinking. One of the most heroic points in the story gone.But which king did he squire for? Was it a Blackfyre?
81	JonTargaryenW/Viserion4WIN	2012-05-23	Cersei was lying to Cat about the baby!!!!  She would never have let Robert's child go full term without choking down some moon tea. It's clear from her recollection of their wedding night when he called her Lyana that she despised him from the start.. especially when she had been fucking Jaime earlier that day.  
She just told Cat that story to seem sympathetic to Bran's accident when she clearly wasn't.
					
					
							Edited by JonTargaryenW/Viserion4WIN, 23 May 2012 - 08:50 AM.
82	legba11	2012-05-23	Oh ok, I forgot that part, so it wasn't intentional by Tyrion, just dumb luck.  
It will definitely be Trant who tries to kill Tyrion.  He is the only Kinsguard we've met and they established he and Tyrion don't get along.  
Did they send a KG with Myrcella?  I would not miss that boring storyline being cut from season 4...
83	hiddenaway	2012-05-23	Oh ok, I forgot that part, so it wasn't intentional by Tyrion, just dumb luck. It will definitely be Trant who tries to kill Tyrion. He is the only Kinsguard we've met and they established he and Tyrion don't get along. Did they send a KG with Myrcella? I would not miss that boring storyline being cut from season 4...What's boring about Areo Hotah?  Guy is a badass.  And as long as they cast someone hot as Arianne Martell, the Dorne storyline should be great.   I won't mind watching Oakheart blindly charge Martell's men after they've been caught and get cut down to size by Hotah. My guess who didn't make season 2 but they will cast in season 3:-Barriston (he'll be back for sure)-Dondarrion and the Brotherhood (they've been dropping hints all season)-Frey's including Black Walder and others-Vargo Hoat and the Mummers (who is going to cut Jaime's hand off?)-Mance Rayder-Ramsay Snow-The Kettleblacks-The Reeds (not sure but maybe - depends on how they deal with the split up of Bran and Rickon at the end of this season)That's a boatload of new characters.   You can see why some characters simply can't get cast when they appear in the books, it's hard enough to follow as it is for non-book readers.....
84	JonTargaryenW/Viserion4WIN	2012-05-23	Sorry for the off topic post above. Get caught up in the discussion. 
More to next week... Hoping for the Three Whores (trebuchets/catapults) to make an appearance slinging wildfire(sp?).
85	Harrad	2012-05-23	Tyrion had nothing to do with Ned's beheading, and she knows that much. She's not trusting the honor of Jaime in either the book or HBOGoT; She's trusting in Tyrion's honor because, in the book, he swore, in front of the entire court while sitting the Iron Throne, to return the girls unharmed, in time, if Jaime was returned in like manner to KL, and on HBO, returned Ned's bones to Catelyn as a measure/vow to support his intention to do the same. And a hostage who cannot be killed, maimed, released or traded isn't so much a valuable hostage as an albatross.Catelyn knows nothing. She doesn't even know if either of her daughters is alive or held by the Lannisters. We know that Arya isnt even there. She also doesn't know who is in charge in King's Landing. When Cersei and Good Ole Jeff were both there, the Starks took it in the neck. How is she supposed to know that Tyrion is in charge? Is she ready to trust Littlefinger, again? Hah! And as far as a beheading or two, is Tyrion really in charge? The best that can be said about Catelyn's act is that she is unhinged. In the book her being unhinged is better motivated by hearing the news of the "deaths" of Bran/Rickon. Even so she is a poor medieval Lady to let the deaths of a few children drive her to self-destructive acts.
86	Evamitchelle	2012-05-23	Cersei was lying to Cat about the baby!!!! She would never have let Robert's child go full term without choking down some moon tea. It's clear from her recollection of their wedding night when he called her Lyana that she despised him from the start.. especially when she had been fucking Jaime earlier that day. She just told Cat that story to seem sympathetic to Bran's accident when she clearly wasn't.Except that she clearly mentions it to Robert as well. Something like "after our first boy died". I know Robert isn't the brightest bulb in the shed but I think even he'd notice if Cersei was suddenly inventing babies that never existed.Catelyn knows nothing. She doesn't even know if either of her daughters is alive or held by the Lannisters. We know that Arya isnt even there. She also doesn't know who is in charge in King's Landing. When Cersei and Good Ole Jeff were both there, the Starks took it in the neck. How is she supposed to know that Tyrion is in charge? Is she ready to trust Littlefinger, again? Hah! And as far as a beheading or two, is Tyrion really in charge? The best that can be said about Catelyn's act is that she is unhinged. In the book her being unhinged is better motivated by hearing the news of the "deaths" of Bran/Rickon. Even so she is a poor medieval Lady to let the deaths of a few children drive her to self-destructive acts.Tyrion is the one who responded to Robb's peace terms and ordered that Ned's bones be returned to the North. He's the one who sent the Lannister guard to "escort" Cleos Frey back to Riverrun. That seems a good indication that he's got some weight in the decision-making process of KL. In any case what's the alternative ? Let Jaime rot in his cell forever instead of trying to use him to make a terrible situation less so ? Great plan.
					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 23 May 2012 - 10:00 AM.
87	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	Except that she clearly mentions it to Robert as well. Something like "after our first boy died". I know Robert isn't the brightest bulb in the shed but I think even he'd notice if Cersei was suddenly inventing babies that never existed.She also describes him to Cat as having black hair, which, though minor, to me gives it a bit of validity.  If she were calculatingly thinking it up  I think baby boy'd be blonde like his half-sibs.  Thin, I know, and yet...More to next week... Hoping for the Three Whores (trebuchets/catapults) to make an appearance slinging wildfire(sp?).The summary for next week's episode includes: "Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects."  I interpreted that as a description of the bodies from the three whores interlude.  But those weren't really flung at his people, so perhaps not.
88	theCOO	2012-05-23	i haven't seen anyone else mention this so maybe i picked it up wrong, but wasn't everyone in Quorin's squad (apart from the Halfhand of course) killed while looking for Jon, who was chasing Yrgritte around the countryside?
Jon is 100% responsible for their deaths, whereas in the book they all died heroically while covering the retreat to the Fist.
for me, this makes a big difference to Jon's character.
89	Harrad	2012-05-23	In any case what's the alternative ? Let Jaime rot in his cell forever instead of trying to use him to make a terrible situation less so ? Great plan.Yes. You've nailed it here. Catelyn has no idea who's really in charge in King's Landing. She has no idea where her daughter's are, or even if they are alive. So why not release a deadly enemy during a war, on the hope that perhaps any of those wishful things are true. A brilliancy!Jon was not responsible for the deaths of Qhorin's squad. They are supposed to be rangers on a mission. If they lost their lives ineffectually looking for Jon that is hardly his responsibilty. In the book they lost their lives by being caught by the wildlings depite their elite ranger status. Same same. Jon is pretty much a raw youth in both book and series. I don't think he's substantially worse off in either.
90	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	Oh ok, I forgot that part, so it wasn't intentional by Tyrion, just dumb luck. It will definitely be Trant who tries to kill Tyrion. He is the only Kinsguard we've met and they established he and Tyrion don't get along. Did they send a KG with Myrcella? I would not miss that boring storyline being cut from season 4...yes, there is a KG standing behind Myrcella as she is being taken away.
91	Im no Ser	2012-05-23	Cersei was lying to Cat about the baby!!!! She would never have let Robert's child go full term without choking down some moon tea.Given that she mentioned the baby in front of Robert I think she was telling the truth to Catelyn.  Moreover I don't think there has been anything in the series to indicate the ready availability of abortifascients.What's boring about Areo Hotah? Guy is a badass.I'm a huge fan of Areo, but what makes him interesting is his internal monologue - despite the obvious terror everyone holds him in, he's got strong feelings of affection and love for most of the Martell family, which you wouldn't necessarily guess from his outward actions.  On screen we will only see the outward actions, which for Hotah mostly involve standing silently behind Doran and sharpening his axe.My guess who didn't make season 2 but they will cast in season 3: -Barriston (he'll be back for sure) -Dondarrion and the Brotherhood (they've been dropping hints all season) -Frey's including Black Walder and others -Vargo Hoat and the Mummers (who is going to cut Jaime's hand off?) -Mance Rayder -Ramsay Snow -The Kettleblacks -The Reeds (not sure but maybe - depends on how they deal with the split up of Bran and Rickon at the end of this season) That's a boatload of new characters. You can see why some characters simply can't get cast when they appear in the books, it's hard enough to follow as it is for non-book readers.....I don't think we'll see the Reeds - their narrative function will be served by Osha.  The time to introduce the young Freys seems to have passed as well.  The mummers can be replaced by any random group of thugs, but I'd prefer to see them (how great would they look on camera?).  The Kettleblacks are exactly the kind of tertiary character the series has cut.The best that can be said about Catelyn's act is that she is unhinged. In the book her being unhinged is better motivated by hearing the news of the "deaths" of Bran/Rickon. Even so she is a poor medieval Lady to let the deaths of a few children drive her to self-destructive acts.I strongly disagree.  I thought Jaime's release made more sense in the series than the books.  Jaime was in all likelihood not going to live out the night.  Some drunken Karstarks were going to try and kill him, and the other northerners were not going to risk their lives defending Jaime Lannister.  Once Jaime was killed in Stark custody that would probably result in the execution of her daughters, who were being kept alive primarily to ensure Jaime's safety.From Cat's perspective she had two choices:  watch Jaime die, which probably meant the death of her girls, or release him and hope for the best.
92	GreenDream	2012-05-23	A quote from wiki: [Idiot's] modern meaning and form dates back to Middle English around the year 1300, from the Old French idiote ("uneducated or ignorant person").Well, the books are set in the middle ages roughly. I know this is an imaginary world, but wiki puts the medieval time period between the 5th to 15th centuries, depending. according to weapons of the time : (from wiki)Gunpowder weaponsCannon (1324)Cannons are first recorded in Europe at the siege of Metz in 1324. In 1350 Petrarch wrote "these instruments which discharge balls of metal with most tremendous noise and flashes of fire...were a few years ago very rare and were viewed with greatest astonishment and admiration, but now they are become as common and familiar as any other kinds of arms."[1]]]Volley gunSee Ribauldequin.Corned gunpowder (14th, late)First practiced in Western Europe, corning the black powder allowed for more powerful and faster ignition of cannon. Also facilitated storage and transportation to operational area, thus constituting a crucial step in the evolution of gunpowder warfare.[img]http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/86/Mons_Meg%2C_Medieval_Bombard%2C_Edinburgh%2C_Scotland._Pic_01.jpg/180px-Mons_Meg%2C_Medieval_Bombard%2C_Edinburgh%2C_Scotland._Pic_01.jpg[/img][img]http://bits.wikimedia.org/static-1.20wmf2/skins/common/images/magnify-clip.png[/img]Scottish bombard Mons MegSupergun (14th, late)Extant examples include the wrought-iron Pumhart von Steyr, Dulle Griet and Mons Meg as well as the cast-bronze Faule Mette and Faule Grete (all 15th century).	[edit] Mechanical artilleryCounterweight trebuchet (12th)Powered solely by the force of gravity, these catapults revolutionized medieval siege warfare and construction of fortifications by hurling huge stones unprecedented distances. Originating somewhere in the eastern Mediterranean basin, counterweight trebuchets were introduced in the Crusader states by the 1120s, Byzantium by the 1130s and in the Latin West by the second half of the century.[33]	[edit] Missile weaponsLongbow with massed, disciplined archery (13th)Having a high rate of fire and penetration power, the longbow contributed to the eventual demise of the medieval knight class. Used particularly by the English to great effect against the French cavalry during the Hundred Years' War (1337â<U+0080><U+0093>1453).Steel crossbow (14th, late)European innovation. Came with several different cocking aids to enhance draw power, making the weapons also the first hand-held mechanical crossbows.So I would guess the world of the Song of Ice and Fire is set roughly between 1200-1400 maybe. We don't have any cannons or gunpowder which was seen later in the middle ages, but we have trebuchets, which were seen about 1200. Not to say that Martin didn't pick and chose what elements he wanted in his story. He didn't set it in a definate time setting compared to our real history.  I still say that it is a stretch that the term "idiot" would be used in it's modern meaning. I don't recall Martin ever using it in his books. If someone has a kindle version they could search his text. I may be wrong, but I feel the word should not have been used. It stuck out for me.Thanks /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
93	Harrad	2012-05-23	. Once Jaime was killed in Stark custody that would probably result in the execution of her daughters, who were being kept alive primarily to ensure Jaime's safety. From Cat's perspective she had two choices: watch Jaime die, which probably meant the death of her girls, or release him and hope for the best.Since Catelyn has no idea where or in what condition her daughters are in, and Catelyn has no idea who is in charge at King's Landing, releasing Jaime Lannister had three definite results and one completely speculative result:1. She returned their most deadly one-on-one combatant to the enemy during the war2. She ensured dissension within her oldest son and liege lord's camp3. She took Brienne, one of the best and loyalest warriors out of actionand then the speculation4. One or more of her daughters is alive and one or more of her daughters will be released by the good hearts at Kings Landing.Just think about this. If you were banking your hopes on Tyrion's good feelings to counteract the evil of Jeff and Cersei, when Jaime returned to King's Landing he would be an ally of Cersei, as always, and tip the balance in the favor of the bad Lannisters.She might as well release Jaime "hoping" that he would be moved by that act of kindness and magnamity and suddenly become the compassionate conservative we knew lurked beneath the facade of a merciless killer of 10 year olds.Reedickless is about the most one can say for that "reasoning."
94	Harimad	2012-05-23	All in all, I thought this was a great episode. I understand what they are doing with Talisa... I only wonder why they had to change her name and backstory, but oh well, not a big deal. I agree Catelyn letting the Kingslayer loose looses sympathy because she hadn't gotten word of Bran and Rickon yet, and she still believed that Arya was alive. My biggest complaint is how they changed Arya's storyline. In the books she was this little ninja wild girl with a strong spirit. We are only seeing little glimpses of her spirit now. She is made to be a little helpless girl who goes running to Jaqen when she needs help. She isn't getting her hands dirty at all. They haven't shown her practising with her stick, heck, they have only shown her "prayer" once. I understand they want to condense and simplify the storyline, but I was really disappointed that they cut the whole part about her and the weaselsoup and freeing the northmen who end up betraying and killing her brother and mother. That was a huge ironic twist, out of the frying pan and into the fire. A lot of people like the Tywin/Arya interactions, but i didn't. I understand why they did it, but still didn't like it. And they need to show what a monster the Mountain is! Right now he is just some brute, but not very intimidating. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Oh, and one little nitpit: they used the word "idiot" like 4 times this episode. If I remember correctly this is a fairly recent use of the word. It would not have been used in that context back then. They should have used words like "fool" or "simpleton" etc. ok I'm done for now. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> As much as I want to see more Arya, one of the great elements in the development of her character is when she is forced to be a "mouse" in Harrenhall because to be otherwise would mean her death. She has a lot of internal dialogue about no longer being a wolf and I think D&D have portrayed that through her skulking in corners and having little power. She still has a backbone of iron but she has to hide it. Jaqen is the only connection she has to power and I would have to say, she uses that. The scene where she names him gave me chills. All of their interactions together are beautifully done.In my humblest of opinions, I think the portrayal of Arya is spot on, although we don't get some of her more rebellious thoughts spelled out for us. I really was sad that weasel soup didn't make an appearance, but since Weasel was never introduced as part of Yoren & co. and Arya didn't go through her series of fake names etc. that wouldn't have packed quite the same punch in the show."A girl has no honor."
95	Harrad	2012-05-23	. "A girl has no honor."Agreed, its well done. The introduction of the convo between Arya and Tywin is another nice touch of the HBO team. The only problem there is that she went too far at times, and Tywin should have gotten a lot more suspicious than he did listening to her words.
96	Harimad	2012-05-23	Agreed, its well done. The introduction of the convo between Arya and Tywin is another nice touch of the HBO team. The only problem there is that she went too far at times, and Tywin should have gotten a lot more suspicious than he did listening to her words.Definitely agree. She was asking to get slapped a few times there, although I think it was a nice touch when they added that Tywin said Arya reminded him of Cersei. I know a lot of people think that Twin was too "soft" in these episodes, but I like what another poster said about him being "friendly" to her and then going off and basically passing her on to the mountain like she was nothing. That's what makes Tywin who he is. His ability to switch the so-called "niceness" off and on like that is, what I think, makes him so chilling. I absolutely cannot wait until his reunions with Jaime. Those were some serious love-to-hate-Tywin interactions. But I digress...
97	Harrad	2012-05-23	I absolutely cannot wait until his reunions with Jaime. Those were some serious love-to-hate-Tywin interactions. But I digress...Yes, indeed. The Lannister family reunion is a Thankgiving not to be missed. How many years on HBO before Tyrion says "tata" to Dad?
98	Harimad	2012-05-23	Yes, indeed. The Lannister family reunion is a Thankgiving not to be missed. How many years on HBO before Tyrion says "tata" to Dad?far too many, sadly. Since one of my favorite lines was cut from this season, I'm really hoping someone says "Lord Tywin did not, in the end, shit gold." Pure literarly genius.and back to the topic of this week's episode before I rant too much about Ser Kingslayer...I actually felt like Tyrion was somewhat weak in this episode... (Tyrion--NOT Peter). After so much anticipation of "your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth" I thought that scene was weak. Lately, IMHO, the Cersei/Tyrion scenes have been somewhat lackluster...I don't want to bash Lena's acting but I'm having a hard time buying her as Cersei. Maybe it's because we dont have her POV like we do in the books (or as much---the books keep blending for me even after my re-read). Or maybe it's just me being picky.My one problem with the disappearance of Tyrion's chain is that I feel like we havent seen much of his cunning lately, although with the end of this episode that's likely to all change.Tyrion is and has been one of my favorite characters, which is why I'm somewhat disappointed with him in the show of late. But it's also hard to get a real fix on anyone the way they have to fit so much into every episode.
99	Morrigan	2012-05-23	Cersei was lying to Cat about the baby!!!! She would never have let Robert's child go full term without choking down some moon tea. It's clear from her recollection of their wedding night when he called her Lyana that she despised him from the start.. especially when she had been fucking Jaime earlier that day. She just told Cat that story to seem sympathetic to Bran's accident when she clearly wasn't.From the books, you are correct, but in the TV series they changed that and Cersei did have a stillborn baby. Why this change, you ask? Because fuck you is why. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
100	Harrad	2012-05-23	far too many, sadly. Since one of my favorite lines was cut from this season, I'm really hoping someone says "Lord Tywin did not, in the end, shit gold." Pure literarly genius. .Shirley, that favorite line came after the Lannister family "reunion" and before Tyrion's road trip. Thus, is wasn't cut out of this season, but is still to come. Speaking of waiting years for the events we know are to happen--IMNSHO opiion the books can be significantly compressed. Once story lines are left out, the action of the main characters is somewhat repetitive and unnecessary and HBO could cut to the chase in several ways. Is HBO and the audience really prepared to continue for 5+ years?
101	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-23	Shirley, that favorite line came after the Lannister family "reunion" and before Tyrion's road trip. Thus, is wasn't cut out of this season, but is still to come. Speaking of waiting years for the events we know are to happen--IMNSHO opiion the books can be significantly compressed. Once story lines are left out, the action of the main characters is somewhat repetitive and unnecessary and HBO could cut to the chase in several ways. Is HBO and the audience really prepared to continue for 5+ years?I sure am! There will be storylines kept out, as they did with the whole Tullyfamily in Season 2. But that's not a problem if you ask me; they will find a solution. I mean; the world of Westeros is really big, with so many characters and stories and POV's, they can't tell every storyline. Oh well, as long as they stick somewhat to the books..
102	Harrad	2012-05-23	I sure am! .. Oh well, as long as they stick somewhat to the books..OK. Its possible...look at Harry Potter...I just pity Hodor having to carry a 6 foot tall 250 lb Bran.
103	Harimad	2012-05-23	Shirley, that favorite line came after the Lannister family "reunion" and before Tyrion's road trip. Thus, is wasn't cut out of this season, but is still to come. Speaking of waiting years for the events we know are to happen--IMNSHO opiion the books can be significantly compressed. Once story lines are left out, the action of the main characters is somewhat repetitive and unnecessary and HBO could cut to the chase in several ways. Is HBO and the audience really prepared to continue for 5+ years?sorry, correction on my part. My favorite line/scene that was cut was when Catelyn says Jaime has shit for honor and kicks over the bucket in his cell. I wasn't clear on that. As for the years comment, perhaps that was taken slightly too literally. With the way this season has zoomed through, I think we will see a lot happen and get accomplished in season 3
104	Leuf	2012-05-23	It's not a contradiction, at all, unless you take Ygritte's words extremely literally.Ser, I concede to your superior pigheadedness and name thee Lord Paramount of the argument, titles, titles...
105	Harrad	2012-05-23	sorry, correction on my part. My favorite line/scene that was cut was when Catelyn says Jaime has shit for honor and kicks over the bucket in his cell. I wasn't clear on that. As for the years comment, perhaps that was taken slightly too literally. With the way this season has zoomed through, I think we will see a lot happen and get accomplished in season 3I think it would be a good idea to compress the action in books 3 and 4 at least. After all, what has to be accomplished? Ooops, quite a bit actually. Jon has to finish his ranging, come back, get promoted, and then ? Dany has to go from not much to quite a lot. Arya takes up residence in Bravos. Sansa and Littlefinger to the Aerie (in principle this could be skipped, but whence those two?). The Red Wedding of course. The Addamms (er...Lannister)  family reunion. Stannis fights another day and another day. Will the Dorne subplot remain?No one has yet guessed the feelthy word that was said 3 times in the episode by different characters in different venues. Was it strictly a medieval epithet? Forget about "idiot"; this one really rolled off the tongue.
106	Harimad	2012-05-23	i»<U+00BF>i»<U+00BF>    I think it would be a good idea to compress the action in books 3 and 4 at least. After all, what has to be accomplished? Ooops, quite a bit actually. Jon has to finish his ranging, come back, get promoted, and then ? Dany has to go from not much to quite a lot. Arya takes up residence in Bravos. Sansa and Littlefinger to the Aerie (in principle this could be skipped, but whence those two?). The Red Wedding of course. The Addamms (er...Lannister)  family reunion. Stannis fights another day and another day. Will the Dorne subplot remain?No one has yet guessed the feelthy word that was said 3 times in the episode by different characters in different venues. Was it strictly a medieval epithet? Forget about "idiot"; this one really rolled off the tongue.much of Jon's story beyond the wall can probably be compressed... argue with Rattleshirt, do Ygritte, chat with Mance, wallow in self-loathing blah...blah...blah...I really hope the Dorne plot comes along, I'd love to see Dorne and the sandsnakesDany can go to the seven hells as long as she doesn't take Jorah as far as I'm concerned. They should just recap her taking over Atapor etc. and freeing slaves. Reading that was like wearing a rat-bucket. I thought the people who didn't know were being sarcastic? 
					
					
							Edited by Harimad, 23 May 2012 - 04:43 PM.
107	Harrad	2012-05-23	much of Jon's story beyond the wall can probably be compressed... argue with Rattleshirt, do Ygritte, chat with Mance, wallow in self-loathing blah...blah...blah......Reading that was like wearing a rat-bucket.I like your slash and burn attitude. Add to Jon escape, get elected Chief, and then get offed..or does he. This brings up the question: Is GRRM a democrat (small d). Maybe the Nights' Watch and the Wildlings being the only popularly elected entities will prevail.
108	ipsuel	2012-05-23	<snip>No one has yet guessed the feelthy word that was said 3 times in the episode by different characters in different venues. Was it strictly a medieval epithet? Forget about "idiot"; this one really rolled off the tongue.Haven't read the whole thread, only last page -- but I assume you mean c*nt... it seemed to be the word of the week
109	Impish	2012-05-23	Great episode... Dragonglass! Jon/Halfhand collusion! Winterfell Crypts! (how exactly...? oh well) Jamie/Brienne! Arya's 3rd name!
I did miss Weasel Soup... but seriously, throwing soup on some guards is not critical to the plot. What's important is how she uses her third name to trick Jaqen into giving her more help than he bargained for, leading (with a few more steps in the book of course) to their escape from Harrenhal.
I am starting to wonder now if one reason for the Jeyne => Talissa switch was so that she can flesh out some backstory on the slavery situation in the east, as setup for Dany's city-stomping "free the slaves" rampage after she leaves Qarth.
110	Harrad	2012-05-23	Yes. I thought so too...until the earlier rants on "idiot." I'll take a c*nt over an idiot anytime.
111	Harrad	2012-05-23	I am starting to wonder now if one reason for the Jeyne => Talissa switch was so that she can flesh out some backstory on the slavery situation in the east, as setup for Dany's city-stomping "free the slaves" rampage after she leaves Qarth.Thats a good point, and there still could be a later reveal that she is from the Crag. I thought her unwillingness to meet the Maester from there was because he would know her.
112	Ghost714	2012-05-23	David Benioff and D B Weiss actually said they are going to try and do nine seasons. As the books get bigger, they said they aren't going to focus on doing one book per season. They said they were just going to try and tell GRRM's story in nine seasons, however that might happen. So certain books maybe two seasons, and others only one. They may even do one book over a season and a half. Their main "goal" is just to tell GRRM's story, with what time they have.
113	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-05-23	Saw the last ep a few days ago, but it's been a busy week so I haven't had time to put down some random thoughts until now.Asha/Yaya/whatever her name is on HBO, is still an unsympathetic bitch, not at all like the character I thought from the books. Theon might be an incompetent brat, but why knowingly undermine him in front of others?For that matter, what is the goal of the Iron Islanders? They don't want to stray too far away from water, so they shouldn't be much of a threat to others than people living by the shore. They can't, or don't even want to, make a continental realm.Unlike in the book, we now already learn that Bran and Rickon are alive. Why not keep that reveal until the last ep?Neat little exposition scene between Stannis and Davos, explaining the background for the Union Knight.I was expecting that Ros would be used as the "decoy whore", but what's stopping her from revealing that she's not Tyrion's whore? Have they made an arrangement?Season 2 Cersei is more like the Cersei i imagined. Lena Headey nails it better this time around.I LOVED the scenes between Varys and Tyrion. "Imagine Stannis' terror." "I am trying." Heh! Those two would be very competent rulers if there was a king (or queen) who'd let them. I think they (and Conleth Hill and Peter Dinklage) are my favourites, despite me being a Stark sympathizer.So Arya tricks Jaqen into helping them escape, rather than having the Lannister garrison overthrown. So she won't meet Roose Bolton. Not really surprising since that would have been repetitive.There's slow going north of the Wall. Nothing much happens except Jon meeting an equally captive Halfhand. And they're setting up Jon's fake betrayal, so at least there's that.And Sam find some dragonglass... Yay!Dany is still screaming about destroying everything. She needs to calm down if she's going to be a believable ruler/warlord that gathers power in Essos. So far we haven't seen much of that. Bad directing.Now I'm starting to think (again) that Talisa isn't Jeyne, but just Talisa, now that she's told an extensive backstory. I find it hard to believe that she later could reveal a Westerling identity and have Robb accept it and still marry/remain married to her.But man, she's beautiful. And she has a nice bum!It was expected that they'd let Jaime escape this season instead of the next. But Cat didn't tag along in the beginning. I'm disappointed that she did it without knowledge of the deaths of Bran and Rickon (even if that would have been in error). That would have made her decision a little bit more understandable.I'm disappointed about the lack of a Hound/Sansa scene. There hasn't been enough buildup of that to make his visit to her chambers during the battle believable enough.Still, all in all, I really liked this episode. It was much better than the last one.
114	Harrad	2012-05-23	David Benioff and D B Weiss actually said they are going to try and do nine seasons.Ok...that's a nice goal. However, its kind of like a congressman saying he'd like to serve nine terms. Or like the producers of The Golden Compass saying they'd like to do a trilogy. Things happen.
115	Harrad	2012-05-23	Saw the last ep a few days ago, but it's been a busy week so I haven't had time to put down some random thoughts until now. [list] [*]Asha/Yaya/whatever her name is on HBO, is still an unsympathetic bitch, not at all like the character I thought from the books. Theon might be an incompetent brat, but why knowingly undermine him in front of others?Don't see the hate for Tonks/Usha.  She's beautiful, smart, and loyal to the Starks who treated her well, considering she was about to off Bran.Letting Jaime go was a brainfart in the book and in the series. So I lay that at GRRM's door. It certainly mixes up the story but there is absolutely no reason for a hardened WarLady to go all self-destructive in that way. Consider these facts:1. Jaime is the one who tried to kill Bran, and Eddard..he is their worst one-on-one combat foe, and the war is hardly over2. He is likely to support the bad Lannister faction in Kings Landing if he got there3. Catelyn doesnt even know if either daughter is in Kings Landing (Arya is not) or even alive.4. Catelyn's act undermined her firstborn son bigtimeIf I were her, I would plead insanity.
116	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-05-23	Don't see the hate for Tonks/Usha. She's beautiful, smart, and loyal to the Starks who treated her well, considering she was about to off Bran.Um, I was talking about Asha Greyjoy (or Yaya, Yara, whatever she's called on TV), not Osha. I quite like Osha (and Natalia Tena).Hm, I always thought it was a dumb move by HBO to rename the Greyjoy sis to avoid confusiong with Osha. But now I'm not so sure... /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
117	Ghost714	2012-05-23	Um, I was talking about Asha Greyjoy (or Yaya, Yara, whatever she's called on TV), not Osha. I quite like Osha (and Natalia Tena).Hm, I always thought it was a dumb move by HBO to rename the Greyjoy sis to avoid confusiong with Osha. But now I'm not so sure... /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />No it was a dumb move...I don't know how anybody could think you were talking about Osha, she didn't even talk to Theon this episode. You even called her Yaya, which is a lot closer to Yara than Osha. However, considering the poster called her Usha, instead of Osha, I don't know what they were thinking.
118	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-23	Cersei tells Cat that she had a stillborn, on the show, because the show has up until now, portrayed her as less evil than she is.  Cat is grieving over Bran, which Cers partially caused.  Later, she tells Ned that the one time Robert finished in her, Jaime took care of it.  She never lost a baby, she for the most part, aborted a baby.
Something like that.  It's been a while since I've read the book, but she definitely doesn't lose Robert's kid...and if she had, she wouldn't have grieved.
					
					
							Edited by chickenly, 23 May 2012 - 08:10 PM.
119	GreenDream	2012-05-23	As much as I want to see more Arya, one of the great elements in the development of her character is when she is forced to be a "mouse" in Harrenhall because to be otherwise would mean her death. She has a lot of internal dialogue about no longer being a wolf and I think D&D have portrayed that through her skulking in corners and having little power. She still has a backbone of iron but she has to hide it. Jaqen is the only connection she has to power and I would have to say, she uses that. The scene where she names him gave me chills. All of their interactions together are beautifully done. In my humblest of opinions, I think the portrayal of Arya is spot on, although we don't get some of her more rebellious thoughts spelled out for us. I really was sad that weasel soup didn't make an appearance, but since Weasel was never introduced as part of Yoren & co. and Arya didn't go through her series of fake names etc. that wouldn't have packed quite the same punch in the show. "A girl has no honor."I agree with most of this, but I was very disappointed when they didn't show Arya kick Hot Pie's butt when he wanted to take her sword. I think that would have set her up to show how tough and spirited she was. It would have lent more to her becoming a "mouse" at Harrenhall. They skipped that part, and her slitting the guard's throat too. And her practicing her "needlework" (which, I felt, showed her holding onto her inner wolf) In my opinion, HBO is trying to make her look more like a weak little girl, than one with juevos. Hopefully they will start showing her transition more. Arya is one of my favorite characters, and I just didn't feel like the changes exactly did her justice. They could have at least put in the scene with Hot Pie, and her doing "needlework". /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
120	GreenDream	2012-05-23	I think it would be a good idea to compress the action in books 3 and 4 at least. After all, what has to be accomplished? Ooops, quite a bit actually. Jon has to finish his ranging, come back, get promoted, and then ? Dany has to go from not much to quite a lot. Arya takes up residence in Bravos. Sansa and Littlefinger to the Aerie (in principle this could be skipped, but whence those two?). The Red Wedding of course. The Addamms (er...Lannister) family reunion. Stannis fights another day and another day. Will the Dorne subplot remain? No one has yet guessed the feelthy word that was said 3 times in the episode by different characters in different venues. Was it strictly a medieval epithet? Forget about "idiot"; this one really rolled off the tongue.C   u	n	t	 . Not sure where the origins of this word come from... but it is one that Martin definitely used in the books repeatedly.edit to add: I looked it up in wiki.... guess it has been in use since before the 1200's:Cunt has been in common use in its anatomical meaning since at least the 13th century. While Francis Grose's 1785 A Classical Dictionary of The Vulgar Tongue listed the word as "C**T: a nasty name for a nasty thing",[19] it did not appear in any major English dictionary from 1795 to 1961, when it was included in Webster's Third New International Dictionary with the comment "usu. considered obscene". Its first appearance in the Oxford English Dictionary was in 1972, which cites the word as having been in use since 1230 in what was supposedly a London street name of "Gropecunte Lane". It was, however, also used before 1230, having been brought over by the Anglo-Saxons, originally not an obscenity but rather a factual name for the vulva or vagina. Gropecunt Lane was originally a street of prostitution, a red light district. It was normal in the Middle Ages for streets to be named after the goods available for sale therein, hence the prevalence in cities having a medieval history of names such as "Silver Street" and "Fish Street".
					
					
							Edited by GreenDream, 23 May 2012 - 09:21 PM.
121	Harimad	2012-05-23	I agree with most of this, but I was very disappointed when they didn't show Arya kick Hot Pie's butt when he wanted to take her sword. I think that would have set her up to show how tough and spirited she was. It would have lent more to her becoming a "mouse" at Harrenhall. They skipped that part, and her slitting the guard's throat too. And her practicing her "needlework" (which, I felt, showed her holding onto her inner wolf) In my opinion, HBO is trying to make her look more like a weak little girl, than one with juevos. Hopefully they will start showing her transition more. Arya is one of my favorite characters, and I just didn't feel like the changes exactly did her justice. They could have at least put in the scene with Hot Pie, and her doing "needlework". /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />very true! not to mention that Hot Pie needs a good arse kicking! I think they could have maybe shortened some of the Tywin scenes and shown her off killing trees with her needle. I do have to admit, I was really disappointed that Jaquen killed both of the guards and Arya didn't do any throat slitting. Her first kill was a big step in her transition
122	drm7	2012-05-23	David Benioff and D B Weiss actually said they are going to try and do nine seasons. As the books get bigger, they said they aren't going to focus on doing one book per season. They said they were just going to try and tell GRRM's story in nine seasons, however that might happen. So certain books maybe two seasons, and others only one. They may even do one book over a season and a half. Their main "goal" is just to tell GRRM's story, with what time they have.I read somewhere else on this site that Season 3 was going to be the 1st half of A STORM OF SWORDS. Gee, I wonder what the last episode will be? Some big event in the middle of the book...hmm...I could see combining A FEAST FOR CROWS and A DANCE WITH DRAGONS and taking three (or even four) seasons to cover the combined storyline.
123	Currawong	2012-05-23	David Benioff and D B Weiss actually said they are going to try and do nine seasons. As the books get bigger, they said they aren't going to focus on doing one book per season. They said they were just going to try and tell GRRM's story in nine seasons, however that might happen. So certain books maybe two seasons, and others only one. They may even do one book over a season and a half. Their main "goal" is just to tell GRRM's story, with what time they have.Yes, and that makes a lot of sense, given that AFFC and ADWD run in parallel for the most part, and it was basically a practical publishing decision that made GRRM separate the story lines into two volumes.  I believe that D and D are going to "re-integrate" them as far as possible, which will allow viewers to keep in touch with key characters and not 'lose' a number of them for a whole season or more.  I expect that ASOS, AFFC and ADWD wil  take at least 4, possibly 5 seasons overall.Yes, indeed. The Lannister family reunion is a Thankgiving not to be missed. How many years on HBO before Tyrion says "tata" to Dad?Oh yes, YES!   And before Tyrion, we have that scene where Jaime returns to KL and tells his father that he doesn't want any part of Tywin's plotting, including marrying Margaery.  Which I hope, HOPE will get shown with the key book dialogue, especially having seen how Charles Dance and NCW spark on screen together in season 1:-"She can die a maiden as far as I am concerned.  I don't want her, and I don't want your Rock!" "You are my son - ""I am a knight of the Kingsguard. The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.  And that's all I mean to be!"WHAM!	Take that one, Tywin, for all those dreams of a family legacy that you outlined to Arya in Episode 7!   Proud and determined Tywin leaving Harrenhal in Episode 8 to go and win the war across in KL, when book readers know he will ultimately be rejected by his 'ideal' son and killed by the son that he has scorned over the years /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />   It's such a bitter irony.  But it's in the second part of ASOS, so wonder whether I have to wait for Season 4 to see that?
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 23 May 2012 - 09:27 PM.
124	Leuf	2012-05-23	For that matter, what is the goal of the Iron Islanders? They don't want to stray too far away from water, so they shouldn't be much of a threat to others than people living by the shore. They can't, or don't even want to, make a continental realm.Keep in mind that later on Asha/Yara is the one who wants to just settle for part of the Stony Shore rather than go conquesting, and she's the one delivering the message here.  Balon did plan to take the entire North, but now that Theon has messed with the plan and everyone thinks Bran and Rickon are dead he may be reevaluating things.  We don't know that Balon is thinking, we only know what Yara is telling us and we know that she isn't big on conquest of land away from the sea as everyone else.Unlike in the book, we now already learn that Bran and Rickon are alive. Why not keep that reveal until the last ep?Because it was obvious and always going to be obvious, so saving it for the finale makes your finale weak.  It's even obviously fishy in the book, but then it just goes on so long after that you sort of accept it, and then you get the reveal.  That doesn't work on tv.  It's importance in the book is much more as the plot driver for Cat and Robb to act as they do, which the show doesn't use.  So the whole thing was pretty pointless.
125	Harrad	2012-05-23	Her first kill was a big step in her transitionDidnt she kill a fat boy in KL (at least in the book)?
126	GreenDream	2012-05-23	Didnt she kill a fat boy in KL (at least in the book)?Yes, the stable boy. When she was fleeing the red keep and came upon the wagon that she was supposed to leave in. She found all her father's men dead. She found her chest and found needle in it, then the boy came and said he was going to get the guards. She stabbed him in the belly. Pretty sure they showed that in the 1st season too.
127	Harrad	2012-05-23	No it was a dumb move...I don't know how anybody could think you were talking about Osha, she didn't even talk to Theon this episode. You even called her Yaya, which is a lot closer to Yara than Osha. However, considering the poster called her Usha, instead of Osha, I don't know what they were thinking.It was a good move. (Osha/Usha was in episode 8 at the end underneath Winterfell--not chatting with Theon then, but nearby.) I even cornfused Yoren and Bron at first..both thin dark sarcastic sell sword or ranger.  I got them straight well before Yoren bought it on the way back to the Wall.
128	Ghost714	2012-05-23	It was a good move. (Osha/Usha was in episode 8 at the end underneath Winterfell--not chatting with Theon then, but nearby.) I even cornfused Yoren and Bron at first..both thin dark sarcastic sell sword or ranger.  I got them straight well before Yoren bought it on the way back to the Wall.I am sorry, but if your getting the names confused, that's nothing compared to how complex the story gets, so you might be in trouble, unless the show seriously dumbs everything down, which I guess is pretty much what they are doing..... Damn that sucks.How is it confusing if Osha is around Theon? Osha looks nothing like Asha/Yara, one is a Wildling that is decently attractive, and the other is a lifeless Iron Islander? How can Osha and Asha be confusing, but not Yara and Arya? I don't know what to tell you about Bronn and Yoren, your going to be very confused if the show has Daenerys going to Meereen then.... Oh wait, the show will probably change their names to something stupid to, damn it. No Hizdahr zo Loraq, or Skahaz mo Kandaq, or Reznak mo Reznak.... If people reading the books can get those names straight, without being able to put a face to the name when they first read it, then surely the show viewers can figure out who Asha and Osha are, same for Bronn and Yoren. Man your post has really got me scared for the future story on the show...
129	Harrad	2012-05-24	I saw season 1 before reading the books. Yoren left the Wall with Tyrion. Soon thereafter Bron helps Tyrion in the inn where Catelyn took him. So I got them confused temporarily. BFD.If you can keep all the names straight even when they sound the same, and all the actors straight even when they look the same, you should be very proud. And indeed you are. Now, just be kind to the little people without your keen, discerning intellect.
130	Ghost714	2012-05-24	I saw season 1 before reading the books. Yoren left the Wall with Tyrion. Soon thereafter Bron helps Tyrion in the inn where Catelyn took him. So I got them confused temporarily. BFD.If you can keep all the names straight even when they sound the same, and all the actors straight even when they look the same, you should be very proud. And indeed you are. Now, just be kind to the little people without your keen, discerning intellect.Bronn didn't help Tyrion until after they had been at the Eyrie for some time, which was a few episodes after Yoren was seperated from Tyrion. Bronn was around Tyrion, on the way to the Eyrie, but at that time he was helping Catelyn take Tyrion to Lysa at Eyrie.And I am not saying everybody should have everything down on the first viewing, or on their first read, I know I didn't. However, they shouldn't change a name just because it might be a little confusing at first, that way everytime you rewatch an episode, it's that much better, because it all comes together more and more, as you get more familiar with the material. If they dumb everything down, then there is no reason to rewatch the episodes. GRRM didn't dumb anything down, there are dozens of people with the same names in the books etc, yet that has not stopped the books from being crazy succesful. The story being so complex is what makes people get into it so much, and that's why people enjoy rereading the books multiple times, because your always catching things you didn't before, and the more you read it, the more it all comes together. Honestly, you have read the books, you know how complex they are, if the show has to change the names of characters now, what's that mean for the things that are actually really confusing down the road? That's what scares me for the future of the story for the show. Besides, the show already kept the names of some characters that share the same names as other characters(Jon Snow and Jon Arryn Robb and Robert etc), so what was the point in changing Asha's name?
131	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-24	How disappointed were you in what I believe was the ruining of Robb Starks character? He showed all the greatest of character traits in the book. His only real flaw came when he was wounded and bedded Jeyne Westerling. He stepped up and did the right thing and married her though. In the show he just chooses love over his duty. He is not going north to save Winterfell. He is going to send Ramsey 'Crazy Mofo' Bolten to save the day. Are we seeing the whole Red Wedding erased here or what? Personally I was hoping Talisia was just Jeyne undercover which was going to be revealed in Episode 8 when they went to the Crag. I can understand having to shorten things for tv versus the books but that is not what is really happening. So much is being added for tiny benefits to the destruction of the characters and story. I am enjoying the show immensely. Don't get me wrong. In my opinion the reasons why people are who they are and do what they do are suffering so greatly for what?
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 24 May 2012 - 02:40 AM.
132	legba11	2012-05-24	I think it would be a good idea to compress the action in books 3 and 4 at least. After all, what has to be accomplished? Ooops, quite a bit actually. Jon has to finish his ranging, come back, get promoted, and then ? Dany has to go from not much to quite a lot. Arya takes up residence in Bravos. Sansa and Littlefinger to the Aerie (in principle this could be skipped, but whence those two?). The Red Wedding of course. The Addamms (er...Lannister) family reunion. Stannis fights another day and another day. Will the Dorne subplot remain? No one has yet guessed the feelthy word that was said 3 times in the episode by different characters in different venues. Was it strictly a medieval epithet? Forget about "idiot"; this one really rolled off the tongue.How dare you?!?!?!  The Lannisters are clearly the Munsters.  Take that back.Saw the last ep a few days ago, but it's been a busy week so I haven't had time to put down some random thoughts until now. Asha/Yaya/whatever her name is on HBO, is still an unsympathetic bitch, not at all like the character I thought from the books. Theon might be an incompetent brat, but why knowingly undermine him in front of others?.The end of that scene put her treatment of Theon in perspective.  She is not merely mocking him because he's weak.  She truly cares about him and is trying to make him Ironborn again.  She knows he has NO shot of living for long the way he is (both in terms of holding Winterfell and in terms of his behvaviour amongst dangerous Ironborn reavers.Bronn didn't help Tyrion until after they had been at the Eyrie for some time, which was a few episodes after Yoren was seperated from Tyrion. Bronn was around Tyrion, on the way to the Eyrie, but at that time he was helping Catelyn take Tyrion to Lysa at Eyrie.Tyrion enters the Inn where Catelyn is with him, still in Yoren's company (I don't know if you see Yoren in that scene, but he is clearly still in his company and that point since Yoren is the first person to get that news to KL and it is exactly what they talked about doing previously).  In that scene, he meets Bronn (who takes his money for his room).
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 24 May 2012 - 05:46 AM.
133	The Monkey	2012-05-24	Has Roose Bolton been named on the show yet?
134	legba11	2012-05-24	**Edit**
I hope D&D realize the series carries too many storylines to be a TV series.  It is fine for us (the book readers), but it does not work on TV.  Read the recappers and reviewers this year, they are grumbling about it already.  It gets worse as the books go on.  They need to just cut the fat and keep the stories streamlined and focused. 
Book 3:
Jon and the Wall
Lannisters and enemies (Tyrells/ Red Viper) at KL
Dany and the Free Cities
Robb's collaspe
It was a terrible mistake to go away from the major storylines for weeks (Stannis disappeared for example, though at least Tyrion would talk about him).   I would rather have 7 season and the series gets done, then a pipe-dream of 9 seasons and a Deadwood ending.  Or a Rome ending.  Or a Carnival ending.  HBO does not have a good history for finishing these big, expensive period shows.  Books 4 and 5 are even worse for unneeded (that isn't to say they were bad fiction, most of it was excellent) fat.  They could easily trim those two books into part of Season 4 and all of Season 5.  Of course there is NO chance Martin has book 7 ready on this this schedule (he has not mentioned Book 6 yet on his website, which he normally keeps up to date, other than references before finishing Book 5).  I have no idea how they will deal with that.
135	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-24	I could see combining A FEAST FOR CROWS and A DANCE WITH DRAGONS and taking three (or even four) seasons to cover the combined storyline. Three/four seasons to cover such little action? The show's ratings would diminish. The show runners should instead change the endings of the character arcs in ASOS so that they can cover a bit of AFFC/ADWD whilst moving the story forward at a faster rate than the books did.
136	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-24	Has Roose Bolton been named on the show yet?Robb's said a "We aren't executing prisoners, Lord Bolton" in episode 4. Actually, I like they are keeping a low profile to Roose, until now.
137	legba11	2012-05-24	I have a feeling they are going to make Bolton's "turn" a part of the Red Wedding for a bigger impact, and to make him a clearer heel vs Stannis in the later books.
138	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-24	a nasty name for a nasty thing"WHAT?!?!  Hardly /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />Pretty sure they showed that in the 1st season too.Yup, they did.I have a feeling they are going to make Bolton's "turn" a part of the Red Wedding for a bigger impact, and to make him a clearer heel vs Stannis in the later books.I think you may be right, but that "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" line may have to come out, then, which is a shame.
139	Harimad	2012-05-24	Yes, the stable boy. When she was fleeing the red keep and came upon the wagon that she was supposed to leave in. She found all her father's men dead. She found her chest and found needle in it, then the boy came and said he was going to get the guards. She stabbed him in the belly. Pretty sure they showed that in the 1st season too.You are both correct! I forgot about that. My bad! I always felt like the kill at Harrenhall was different, though. She killed the boy in KL because he was going to tell on her and get her caught, it was more out of passion and emotion. The guard she kills at Harrenhall she tricks and then pretty cold-bloodedly slits his throat. Still necessary to her survival, of course, but she could have hit him in the head with a rock and knocked him out, so i always thought that kill took a little more cunning and planning, which made it a turning point.
140	legba11	2012-05-24	The guard at Harrenhall is very important in terms of Arya's walk down the "dark" path.  The stable boy was the first step, but I agree completely that the Harrenhall guard was the real point of no return for her.  I think we will still get it in Ep10, perhaps not in Hareenhall, but a similar circumstance.
141	Im no Ser	2012-05-24	Tyrion is the one who responded to Robb's peace terms and ordered that Ned's bones be returned to the North. He's the one who sent the Lannister guard to "escort" Cleos Frey back to Riverrun. That seems a good indication that he's got some weight in the decision-making process of KL. In any case what's the alternative ? Let Jaime rot in his cell forever instead of trying to use him to make a terrible situation less so ? Great plan.But that isn't even the alternative.  It's clear from the events in the camp that (unlike in the book) Jaime was not going to live out the night.  If Catelyn doesn't free him, she reasonably believes that he'll be killed and her daughters in KL will be murdered in retaliation.
					
					
							Edited by I'm no Ser, 24 May 2012 - 09:32 AM.
142	Evamitchelle	2012-05-24	But that isn't even the alternative. It's clear from the events in the camp that (unlike in the book) Jaime was not going to live out the night. If Catelyn doesn't free him, she reasonably believes that he'll be killed and her daughters in KL will be murdered in retaliation.I was talking about the books.
143	Evamitchelle	2012-05-24	Since Catelyn has no idea where or in what condition her daughters are in, and Catelyn has no idea who is in charge at King's Landing, releasing Jaime Lannister had three definite results and one completely speculative result:1. She returned their most deadly one-on-one combatant to the enemy during the war2. She ensured dissension within her oldest son and liege lord's camp3. She took Brienne, one of the best and loyalest warriors out of action and then the speculation4. One or more of her daughters is alive and one or more of her daughters will be released by the good hearts at Kings Landing.Just think about this. If you were banking your hopes on Tyrion's good feelings to counteract the evil of Jeff and Cersei, when Jaime returned to King's Landing he would be an ally of Cersei, as always, and tip the balance in the favor of the bad Lannisters. She might as well release Jaime "hoping" that he would be moved by that act of kindness and magnamity and suddenly become the compassionate conservative we knew lurked beneath the facade of a merciless killer of 10 year olds. Reedickless is about the most one can say for that "reasoning."1. It's one guy. Jaime's great but he's not God. He can't single-handedly turn around the course of the war. Sansa on the other hand is the heir to Winterfell and the North when Catelyn frees Jaime.2. She told Robb she would accept any punishment (even death if I'm not mistaken). Since he had just screwed up royally himself by breaking his word to the Freys he chose not to do anything about it. He's also the one who chose to behead Lord Karstark. He could have taken him prisoner instead. 3. Brienne does not serve Robb. She serves Catelyn. She never took part in any of Robb's campaigns, and would have likely remained at Cat's side during the battles anyway. 4. It would never have been a problem if Robb had been smart enough to make the exchange when he was still winning. A slim chance is better than no chance at all.
144	rmholt	2012-05-24	OK. Its possible...look at Harry Potter...I just pity Hodor having to carry a 6 foot tall 250 lb Bran.Bran isnt going anywhere.
145	rmholt	2012-05-24	Didnt she kill a fat boy in KL (at least in the book)?Yes her first kill was a stableboy in the fighting after Robert died
146	rmholt	2012-05-24	Yes, the stable boy. When she was fleeing the red keep and came upon the wagon that she was supposed to leave in. She found all her father's men dead. She found her chest and found needle in it, then the boy came and said he was going to get the guards. She stabbed him in the belly. Pretty sure they showed that in the 1st season too.You could say the Harrenhal guard was her first premeditated murder.
147	rmholt	2012-05-24	I liked when Jaqen said "please" to Arya.  Meant she really had him by the short ones.
148	legba11	2012-05-24	Everything about that performance was AAA.  He sold the depth of his commitment in a few words and looks.  Maise is excellent, and they have paired her with two great actors this season.
149	DurararaFTW	2012-05-24	1. It's one guy. Jaime's great but he's not God. He can't single-handedly turn around the course of the war.Jaime is the one of the very few things in the world that Cersei, Tyrion and Tywin all care about, yuo bet your ass not having him to hold over their heads is gonna change the way the Lannisters are willing to fight this war.2. She told Robb she would accept any punishment (even death if I'm not mistaken). Since he had just screwed up royally himself by breaking his word to the Freys he chose not to do anything about it. He's also the one who chose to behead Lord Karstark. He could have taken him prisoner instead.Catelyn isn't exactly a nobody herself you know. killing her would have lost him the Freys in addition the entirety of Riverlands.4. It would never have been a problem if Robb had been smart enough to make the exchange when he was still winning. A slim chance is better than no chance at all.It's not a matter of this or no chance at all. for god's sake CATELYN HERSELF ADMITS THAT THEY ONLY WAY TO GET THE GIRLS BACK IS THROUGH WINNING THE WAR. She's the one that put Robb in this mindset in the first place, not anyone else. And she was right.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 24 May 2012 - 11:09 AM.
150	Harrad	2012-05-24	4. It would never have been a problem if Robb had been smart enough to make the exchange when he was still winning. A slim chance is better than no chance at all.If you negotiated like Catelyn, you would concede my points now, and hope that I later conceded yours.
151	Harrad	2012-05-24	Bran isnt going anywhere.Really? I thought he had a march from Winterfell to north of the Wall to undertake.
152	rmholt	2012-05-24	He isn't going anywhere to grow to 250 lb
153	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-24	Ok so I've come to the conclusion that this tv series is only going to be three seasons. The Red Wedding is no longer a part of the plans. Not in relation to the books anyway. So all those complaining about missing the weasel soup is small potatoes. I figured out as soon as Arya was the cupbearer for Tywin that this was not going to happen. My prediction is that Loras goes down to Kings Landing and Tywin goes to kill Robb. Perhaps Robb will marry Talisia and then Tywin will kill Robb and Catlyn with help from some treachery by Roose.
154	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-24	All Stannis's men are on ship instead of split up between land and water attack. I was trying to figure out how they were going to play it since Storms End has been erased from the story. I don't understand why Davos brings Melisandre to give birth to what all the readers would see as under Storms End. He rows her to a spot with the iron bars blocking the way and she gives birth. This doesn't make sense since Renly is camped out in the open and not in some castle where they could have bars blocking the way. Not to mention that there is no purpose of taking Melisandre anywhere to give birth since the whole reason this was done was that the spells were to strong at Storms Ends walls. Anyway it seems to me that since all of Stannis's men are on ship they are setting it up for Tyrion to be the great mastermind that destroys his army in the river with some help from Loras(Renlys ghost).
155	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-24	They really made Tywin dumb. He figures out Arya is smart and a highborn girl of the North. Somehow he doesn't figure out that this girl of Aryas age that was incognito is Arya. I guess he figures she is some other highborn girl of the north. He must think she is an Umber or Karstark because they are known as being so brilliant /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Honestly when he discovered that she was highborn last week i thought he was stating that he knew who she was but now he just leaves her with the Mountain. Your guess on this one would have to be as good or better than mine.
156	GreenDream	2012-05-24	Ok so I've come to the conclusion that this tv series is only going to be three seasons. The Red Wedding is no longer a part of the plans. Not in relation to the books anyway. So all those complaining about missing the weasel soup is small potatoes. I figured out as soon as Arya was the cupbearer for Tywin that this was not going to happen. My prediction is that Loras goes down to Kings Landing and Tywin goes to kill Robb. Perhaps Robb will marry Talisia and then Tywin will kill Robb and Catlyn with help from some treachery by Roose.I still have faith that they are trying to stay on the course of the books as much as possible. I see no reason why they would cut the Red Wedding. It was an integral part of the story. A huge catalyst. In my mind, I can't imagine them not showing the Red Wedding. That was one of the biggest scenes in the story so far. The producers have said they plan on 9 seasons total. I will be disappointed if it gets canceled before then. (so far I don't think it will)  I believe the whole reason they had Arya be Tywin's cupbearer, is so they could cut out the whole running away after the attack on the Night's watch recruits, and eventually getting captured, then her life at Harrenhal, then her overthrowing the Lannister men and becoming Roose's cupbearer, then escaping. They just condensed it and put Roose still at Robb's side. They will either have Roose go with Robb and Catelyn to the wedding and go from there, or have him meet up there after some other task. They haven't showed Riverrun and the Tully's yet, but I'm sure they have time to do that....... OR, my own opinion.... they will possibly make The Red Wedding the wedding between Roose and Fat Walda... maybe? But I believe that the BlackFish will be important later on... so we will see how they will handle that. I do no see how Arya being Tywin's cupbearer is going to change the Red Wedding all that much.All Stannis's men are on ship instead of split up between land and water attack. I was trying to figure out how they were going to play it since Storms End has been erased from the story. I don't understand why Davos brings Melisandre to give birth to what all the readers would see as under Storms End. He rows her to a spot with the iron bars blocking the way and she gives birth. This doesn't make sense since Renly is camped out in the open and not in some castle where they could have bars blocking the way. Not to mention that there is no purpose of taking Melisandre anywhere to give birth since the whole reason this was done was that the spells were to strong at Storms Ends walls. Anyway it seems to me that since all of Stannis's men are on ship they are setting it up for Tyrion to be the great mastermind that destroys his army in the river with some help from Loras(Renlys ghost).I agree that it was a little confusing, they meshed the two shadow babies. They probably should have put Renly in the castle or something.... but.... I don't think the average viewer really paid that much attention to that part. They just saw them go into some secret place, birth the shadow baby, and then they see the scene with Renly being killed by the shadow baby. It was a little fuddled to us who have read the books, but we understood what was going on none the less. It would have been more confusing to add the story about Edric Storm and the Castellan.  And for Stannis' men all being on ship... it looks like they are doing a medieval version of the landing at Normandy ala Saving Private Ryan.They really made Tywin dumb. He figures out Arya is smart and a highborn girl of the North. Somehow he doesn't figure out that this girl of Aryas age that was incognito is Arya. I guess he figures she is some other highborn girl of the north. He must think she is an Umber or Karstark because they are known as being so brilliant /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Honestly when he discovered that she was highborn last week i thought he was stating that he knew who she was but now he just leaves her with the Mountain. Your guess on this one would have to be as good or better than mine.I also had problems with Tywin having Arya so close. To me, I think Tywin is too clever, and would have found out who she was. To her credit she claimed to be from Barrowton, which is semi believable. I love the books, and I wish they could do the story exactly how it is written, but I understand a lot of the changes they have had to make. Some I don't understand. But I am still thoroughly enjoying the HBO series, and can't believe the series is almost over. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
157	Ghost714	2012-05-24	Ok so I've come to the conclusion that this tv series is only going to be three seasons. The Red Wedding is no longer a part of the plans. Not in relation to the books anyway. So all those complaining about missing the weasel soup is small potatoes. I figured out as soon as Arya was the cupbearer for Tywin that this was not going to happen. My prediction is that Loras goes down to Kings Landing and Tywin goes to kill Robb. Perhaps Robb will marry Talisia and then Tywin will kill Robb and Catlyn with help from some treachery by Roose.What in seven hells makes you think that's going to happen? No I highly doubt they will pass up the Red Wedding, and  D&D have said they are going for 9 seasons, that's their goal, I don't know how you see only 3.@ "Arbor Gold I'm Sold"How can you be so sure Tywin "knows" Arya is a highborn Northern girl? Obviously he assumed she was, but she gave a good answer for why she is educated, and why she knows how to talk properly("because her mother served Lady Dustin for many years, and her mother taught her how to speak"), so Tywin may not think that, like you think he does. Also, as far as Tywin knows, Arya is in the Capital with Cersei, he was never informed that she escaped, so why would he think his cupbearer is Arya Stark? Not to mention, it took a crazy turn of events for Arya to get to Harrenhall, nobody would ever guess that's where she is, because it's that unlikely. They would assume that if she were ever captured, she would say who she is, at the risk of being treated like a lowborn smallfolk. So in my opinion, if you think about it, it's not absurd at all, that Tywin doesn't know who she is.
158	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-24	Has Roose Bolton been named on the show yet?Seriously?
159	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-24	1. It's one guy. Jaime's great but he's not God. He can't single-handedly turn around the course of the war. Sansa on the other hand is the heir to Winterfell and the North when Catelyn frees Jaime. 2. She told Robb she would accept any punishment (even death if I'm not mistaken). Since he had just screwed up royally himself by breaking his word to the Freys he chose not to do anything about it. He's also the one who chose to behead Lord Karstark. He could have taken him prisoner instead. 3. Brienne does not serve Robb. She serves Catelyn. She never took part in any of Robb's campaigns, and would have likely remained at Cat's side during the battles anyway. 4. It would never have been a problem if Robb had been smart enough to make the exchange when he was still winning. A slim chance is better than no chance at all.Jaime is INCREDIBLY important.  More important than Sansa.
160	legba11	2012-05-24	Arya is in King's Landing.  That is what Tywin has been told.  Tyrion thought that when he arrived in KL, and he made a point to say how little communication they've had. Why would he think Cersei was lying to him?
161	drm7	2012-05-24	The Red Wedding is no longer a part of the plans.I think Mr. Martin would throw himself off of a building if the Red Wedding is cut.
162	Morrigan	2012-05-24	Jaime is INCREDIBLY important.  More important than Sansa.Asserting something doesn't make it true.Even Robb agreed later than Sansa was a more powerful hostage politically than Jaime...
163	Jern Ormen	2012-05-24	legba11, on 22 May 2012 - 04:20 PM, said:Similar to Catelyn not knowing that Cersei had a son who died last season. You can come up with explanations, but the simplest one is sloppy writing.[/background]That was not sloppy writing. I interpreted it as Cersei lying about having a child with Robert to build rapport with Cat in order to distance herself from suspicion.I actually like that scene, it shows what a scheming, evil bitch Cersei is
					
					
							Edited by Jern Ormen, 24 May 2012 - 10:13 PM.
164	Ghost714	2012-05-24	legba11, on 22 May 2012 - 04:20 PM, said:Similar to Catelyn not knowing that Cersei had a son who died last season. You can come up with explanations, but the simplest one is sloppy writing.[/background]That was not sloppy writing. I interpreted it as Cersei lying about having a child with Robert to build rapport with Cat in order to distance herself from suspicion.I actually like that scene, it shows what a scheming, evil bitch Cersei isI don't think it was sloppy writing, but not for the same reasons as you. In the show, Cersei was not lying to Cat, because later there was that scene with just Cersei and Robert, and they talked about "their baby that died". It was when they also talked about how it was "their relationship that held the Kingdom together etc.I just don't think it's crazy for Cat not to have known. Back then, babies often died in childbirth, or at an early age, so it makes sense that Cersei wouldn't send out a raven to every House in Westeros, everytime the baby kicked or something, because there is no certainty that the baby would live. There is also a big communication blocker at the Neck, and Northerners care less for gossip, especially Southron gossip, that's more of a Court thing. I always got the impression that there was little communication between Robert and Ned after the Greyjoy Rebellion, that's why Ned didn't even reccongnize the man Robert had turned into. So to me, it makes sense that Robert never told Ned, and that Catelyn never knew. A child dying like that can be seen as "a punishment from the gods" also, so I doubt Cersei wanted everyone to know about it. To me, it's just not sloppy writing at all for Catelyn not to know, there are tons of examples of sloppy writing IMO, this just isn't one of them. There are many reasons that could explain Cat not knowing, but in the show, Cersei wasn't just lying to Catelyn.
165	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	I still have faith that they are trying to stay on the course of the books as much as possible. I see no reason why they would cut the Red Wedding. It was an integral part of the story. A huge catalyst. In my mind, I can't imagine them not showing the Red Wedding. That was one of the biggest scenes in the story so far. The producers have said they plan on 9 seasons total. I will be disappointed if it gets canceled before then. (so far I don't think it will) I believe the whole reason they had Arya be Tywin's cupbearer, is so they could cut out the whole running away after the attack on the Night's watch recruits, and eventually getting captured, then her life at Harrenhal, then her overthrowing the Lannister men and becoming Roose's cupbearer, then escaping. They just condensed it and put Roose still at Robb's side. They will either have Roose go with Robb and Catelyn to the wedding and go from there, or have him meet up there after some other task. They haven't showed Riverrun and the Tully's yet, but I'm sure they have time to do that....... OR, my own opinion.... they will possibly make The Red Wedding the wedding between Roose and Fat Walda... maybe? But I believe that the BlackFish will be important later on... so we will see how they will handle that. I do no see how Arya being Tywin's cupbearer is going to change the Red Wedding all that much. I agree that it was a little confusing, they meshed the two shadow babies. They probably should have put Renly in the castle or something.... but.... I don't think the average viewer really paid that much attention to that part. They just saw them go into some secret place, birth the shadow baby, and then they see the scene with Renly being killed by the shadow baby. It was a little fuddled to us who have read the books, but we understood what was going on none the less. It would have been more confusing to add the story about Edric Storm and the Castellan. And for Stannis' men all being on ship... it looks like they are doing a medieval version of the landing at Normandy ala Saving Private Ryan. I also had problems with Tywin having Arya so close. To me, I think Tywin is too clever, and would have found out who she was. To her credit she claimed to be from Barrowton, which is semi believable. I love the books, and I wish they could do the story exactly how it is written, but I understand a lot of the changes they have had to make. Some I don't understand. But I am still thoroughly enjoying the HBO series, and can't believe the series is almost over. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I'm saying they are making a very different Red Wedding since Tywin is marching against Robb and Stannis is a day away from KL. No Edmure Tully or Riverrun. Roose has sent Ramsey to free Winterfell so he has no reason to march north and use the bridge at the Twins. The fight between Robb and Tywin shouldn't take very long considering Robbs camp is south and East of the Crag and Tywin is marching at night from Harranhal. Roose is already with Robb etc.
166	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	What in seven hells makes you think that's going to happen? No I highly doubt they will pass up the Red Wedding, and D&amp;amp;D have said they are going for 9 seasons, that's their goal, I don't know how you see only 3. @ "Arbor Gold I'm Sold" How can you be so sure Tywin "knows" Arya is a highborn Northern girl? Obviously he assumed she was, but she gave a good answer for why she is educated, and why she knows how to talk properly("because her mother served Lady Dustin for many years, and her mother taught her how to speak"), so Tywin may not think that, like you think he does. Also, as far as Tywin knows, Arya is in the Capital with Cersei, he was never informed that she escaped, so why would he think his cupbearer is Arya Stark? Not to mention, it took a crazy turn of events for Arya to get to Harrenhall, nobody would ever guess that's where she is, because it's that unlikely. They would assume that if she were ever captured, she would say who she is, at the risk of being treated like a lowborn smallfolk. So in my opinion, if you think about it, it's not absurd at all, that Tywin doesn't know who she is.  I guess that was my point Tywin is an idiot. In the book he would have clearly known what was going on. Harrenhal wasn't that far from KL. Even Robb got messengers through. And Catlyn makes down almost to Storms End. Its kinda hard to believe that Tywin wouldn't be getting word constantly from KL. Not to mention that his character is all about knowing all the info about pretty much everybody in Westeros. In that situation he would have figured it out. He calls her out in the last episode and then after she gives the flimsey reasoning he tells her that "has anyone told you that your too smart for your own good." something like that anyway. So I guess that was just the reasoning that she fooled him as to being highborn...seems pretty shaky but i guess thats what they are going with.   So lets break it down like Tywin did: She eats lots of food--doubtful for a stonemasons daughter, she is very well read---doubtful for a stonemasons daughter and she is well spoken ----doubtful for a stonemasons daughter----you see where I'm going with this I think    Sounds like things are better at Lady Dustin's place than Casterly Rock if you believe all that.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 25 May 2012 - 02:00 AM.
167	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	Jaime is the one of the very few things in the world that Cersei, Tyrion and Tywin all care about, yuo bet your ass not having him to hold over their heads is gonna change the way the Lannisters are willing to fight this war.Tywin has considered Jaime dead from the moment he was captured, which is why he names Tyrion as Hand of the King in his place. "You have given him up for lost, he thought. You bloody bastard, you think Jaime's good as dead so I'm all you have left." Jaime's capture did nothing to prevent Joffrey from beating Sansa, Cersei from forcing her into a marriage or Tywin from planning the Red Wedding. He's important to them as a person but not as a political asset, unlike Sansa. Catelyn isn't exactly a nobody herself you know. killing her would have lost him the Freys in addition the entirety of Riverlands.I don't think he should have killed her, but she gave him his blessing to punish her in any way he'd see fit and he didn't do anything because he was trying to cover his major blunder with Jeyne Westerling. It's not a matter of this or no chance at all. for god's sake CATELYN HERSELF ADMITS THAT THEY ONLY WAY TO GET THE GIRLS BACK IS THROUGH WINNING THE WAR. She's the one that put Robb in this mindset in the first place, not anyone else. And she was right.Um, I think that's from the show, not the books. In the books she asks Robb to trade for the girls several times : "If I must trade their four Lannisters for their two Starks, I will call that a bargain and thank the gods" in AGoT and "An offer had to be made - though a wiser man might have offered sweeter terms", "Cersei Lannister will never consent to trade your sisters for a pair of cousins. It's her brother she'll want, as you know full well","Girls are not important enough, are they ?" in ACoK.
168	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	Catelyn also said to Littlefinger that there is no way two girls are worth The KIngslayer
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 25 May 2012 - 02:01 AM.
169	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	I think Mr. Martin would throw himself off of a building if the Red Wedding is cut. It isn't cut there was context to go with that sentence there but the point is it has moved location,it has changed who is being married and who will be there... just those small things. I think it should be something to rival the moment the best they can
170	JojenReed	2012-05-25	I actually really enjoyed it. It tied up alot of the inconsistancies between the book and novel (Arya's victims being chosen differently, lack of an Alayaya character etc.) and kind of made me understand why the writers made changes. Glad to hear Ramsay Snow himself will likely make an appearance according the talk between Roose and Robb. Not really sure where they are going with this whole Peace Meeting at the Crag and Jaime being let go by Catelyn. (They might of taken these from the third book maybe? I'm yet to buy ASoS having just finished ACoK /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />) Once again however I do wish the Reed children were being shown in this season I just find the whole concept of Crannogmen so awesome /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
171	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	If you negotiated like Catelyn, you would concede my points now, and hope that I later conceded yours.  She did receive Ned's bones back as a small concession knowing how important it was to be buried in the crypts below Winterfell. This is very big because we all assume,well I hate to speak for everyone, I assumed that the old Starks new about why really the Wall was built and they didn't want to ever be turned.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 25 May 2012 - 02:33 AM.
172	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	JojenReed I believe they have a no spoiler page as well. I'm with you on the Cranogmen. Really dig me some Meera Reed.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 25 May 2012 - 02:40 AM.
173	JojenReed	2012-05-25	About the Red Wedding being cut I highly doubt it. I was watching a video conference from the shows creators at ComiCon or something like that and they said that theyre original goal for the series at the beginning of filming Season 1 was to reach an event they named "RW", not giving away spoilers to the people there. They then went on to announce that writing had begun for the second season.
174	Vandalism	2012-05-25	As a strong and proud supporter of No Saggy Boobs, I loved the Talisa and Robb scene. The rest of the episode was great, the episodes have generally been better and better as the series has progressed.
The only real mistakes season 2 made in terms of storyline were probably Jaime's totally out-of-character cousin-head-smashing and Talisa being from Volantis. The Red Wedding was planned with consultation/sharing of knowledge with the Westerlings, remember? Talisa needs to be a Westerling.
175	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	Well I think that could still be consistent with what I was thinking. A wedding with lots of death would fit that bill. Thats not really hitting on the specifics which to me anyway seem to have changed. Of course it has to be grande however its done.
176	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	The only real mistakes season 2 made in terms of storyline were probably Jaime's totally out-of-character cousin-head-smashing and Talisa being from Volantis. The Red Wedding was planned with consultation/sharing of knowledge with the Westerlings, remember? Talisa needs to be a Westerling. Talisia could be a spy for Tywin. I really liked that part with Jaime I thought it fit his character perfectly. He doesn't even act as a father to his own kids. He stated how poorly imprisonment suited him. I think he would have killed pretty much anyone but Tyrion,Cersei and Tywin to break free.
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 25 May 2012 - 04:26 AM.
177	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	Catelyn also said to Littlefinger that there is no way two girls are worth The KIngslayerThat's the show. There are various characters in the books who say that there's no way Jaime Lannister is worth 2 girls, but none of them are Cat. Cat is the one who qustions this line of thinking by telling Robb "Girls are not important enough, are they ?" right after he tells her that he would have exchanged Jaime for Ned, but that he won't do it for the girls.
178	Ghost714	2012-05-25	I'm saying they are making a very different Red Wedding since Tywin is marching against Robb and Stannis is a day away from KL. No Edmure Tully or Riverrun. Roose has sent Ramsey to free Winterfell so he has no reason to march north and use the bridge at the Twins. The fight between Robb and Tywin shouldn't take very long considering Robbs camp is south and East of the Crag and Tywin is marching at night from Harranhal. Roose is already with Robb etc.Even if Tywin does march against Robb, how would that effect the RW, and who's to say they don't get some urgent word from the scouts saying Stannis is closing in, so they turn for Kings Landing? The show making it seem like Tywin is marching against Robb is exactly what they want you to think, that way it's surprising when Tywin shows up to stop Stannis from taking Kings Landing. In the book it was also a shock, because last we heard Tywin was trying to get through the Tully lands to get to Robb, so we didn't expect him to show up to save the city. So it makes sense that the show is doing something similar. As for Edmure Tully, it's been confirmed that he is being casted for season three, so that's not a problem. A Storm of Swords will be done in two seasons for the show, so the RW will most likely be the season finale for season three, or of they wanted to they could do it in season four, if they wanted more screen time with Robb and Cat, because they seem to like him. No matter what though, it's not getting cut.@Arbor Gold I'm SoldSee you don't think Arya's answers were convincing enough, but I though they were very clever, clever enough to fool Tywin. Especially because he. does. not. know. Arya. is. missing. Nobody ever told him. When Tyrion got to KL it was a shock to him, and he never told Tywin, because he wanted to try and find her first, and of he can't, then he can always put the blame on Cersei for letting her get away. That's why it makes sense he didn't think she was Arya, because in Tywin's mind, he would think that of she was missing, somebody would tell him. It's a perfect storm really, for why he does not know it was here. Again, her answers were also very convincing in my opinion.
179	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	So you think Tywin's whole army can reach Kings Landing in a day but gets no reporting that no one has seen Arya? I thought Tywin was talking about Jeffory must stand and fight and that Stannis was close but the Young Wolf was too close to Casterly Rock. You also are saying that Tywin just lies to his Generals at the small councel meeting for the Lannister party at Harranhal since that is when he said he was marching on Robb?
180	DurararaFTW	2012-05-25	Tywin has considered Jaime dead from the moment he was captured, which is why he names Tyrion as Hand of the King in his place. "You have given him up for lost, he thought. You bloody bastard, you think Jaime's good as dead so I'm all you have left." Jaime's capture did nothing to prevent Joffrey from beating Sansa, Cersei from forcing her into a marriage or Tywin from planning the Red Wedding. He's important to them as a person but not as a political asset, unlike Sansa. I don't think he should have killed her, but she gave him his blessing to punish her in any way he'd see fit and he didn't do anything because he was trying to cover his major blunder with Jeyne Westerling. Um, I think that's from the show, not the books. In the books she asks Robb to trade for the girls several times : "If I must trade their four Lannisters for their two Starks, I will call that a bargain and thank the gods" in AGoT and "An offer had to be made - though a wiser man might have offered sweeter terms", "Cersei Lannister will never consent to trade your sisters for a pair of cousins. It's her brother she'll want, as you know full well","Girls are not important enough, are they ?" in ACoK.A Game of Thrones:Robb: "I had hoped... If you still held the Imp, a trade of hostages..."Robb: "If we march... even if we win.... the Lannisters hold Sansa, and Father. They'll kill them, won't they?"Catelyn: They want us to think so."Robb: You mean they're lying?"Catelyn: I do not know, Robb. What i do know is that you do not have a choice. If you go swear fealty, you will be allowed to leave. If you return to winterfell, your lords will lose respect. Our only true hope is defeating the enemy in the field. So long as you have power enough that they fear you,  the hostages should be safe."It isn't until Ned died that Catelyn lost all taste for sense and decided Robb should surrender. By then Robb had assumed the mindset she wanted him too.
181	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	A Game of Thrones:Robb: "I had hoped... If you still held the Imp, a trade of hostages..."Robb: "If we march... even if we win.... the Lannisters hold Sansa, and Father. They'll kill them, won't they?"Catelyn: They want us to think so."Robb: You mean they're lying?"Catelyn: I do not know, Robb. What i do know is that you do not have a choice. If you go swear fealty, you will be allowed to leave. If you return to winterfell, your lords will lose respect. Our only true hope is defeating the enemy in the field. So long as you have power enough that they fear you,  the hostages should be safe."It isn't until Ned died that Catelyn lost all taste for sense and decided Robb should surrender. By then Robb had assumed the mindset she wanted him too.At that point they have no Lannister hostages, that's why winning in the field is the only hope. Once they've got the Kingslayer that's not necessary anymore to get the girls back."We went to war when Lannister armies were ravaging the Riverlands, and Ned was a prisoner, falsely accused of treason. We fought to defend ourselves, and to win my lord's freedom. Well, the one is done, and the other forever beyond our reach."
182	Ghost714	2012-05-25	So you think Tywin's whole army can reach Kings Landing in a day but gets no reporting that no one has seen Arya? I thought Tywin was talking about Jeffory must stand and fight and that Stannis was close but the Young Wolf was too close to Casterly Rock. You also are saying that Tywin just lies to his Generals at the small councel meeting for the Lannister party at Harranhal since that is when he said he was marching on Robb?Tywin doesn't get there right when Stannis does, if you remember there was some fighting for awhile before Tywin gets there, so he might have more than a day to get there. And I am not suggesting that he "lies" to his war Generals, he might have thought that Robb was closer than he is, Robb might have move further away, so they deside to head to Kings Landing. There are all sorts of things that could happen, in order for Tywin to show up in King's Landing. However, even if he does not, which I highly freaking doubt, how is that going to some how stop the entire Red Wedding??? Just because Tywin marches against Robb, that does not mean he kills Robb. For all we know, Tywin could fight some of Robb's army, and Robb can be with the other part, or Robb could make Tywin retreat etc etc.As for him not knowing about Arya. Pretty much, the only ones who know she is missing are the members of the Small Council, and they are exactly the ones who would be afraid of Tywin finding out, because they are to blame. So none of them are going to run off and tell Tywin, Littlefinger even made it sound like they still had both of them when they were talking about how he talked with Catelyn. It's one thing to not mention them at all, but to bring them up like she isn't missing, that's a whole different matter, and that's exactly the reasons Tywin doesn't know. Everybody is still trying to find Arya so they don't get blamed for her being gone, and ultimately if Tywin does find out, then they know Tyrion will say it was Cersei's fault, because she is the one that ordered all Ned's men to be killed, and his daughters taken into custody of the Crown.
183	birdsong66	2012-05-25	Catelyn also said to Littlefinger that there is no way two girls are worth The KIngslayerI think, actually, what she said was there was no way Robb would trade two girls for the Kingslayer" which should be interpreted as "there is no way the men in charge are going to trade a known highborn swordsman to for two little girls with little political advantages."  By which the idea that "girls aren't worth it" is defined.Which is why LF replied, "I'm not bringing this to Robb.  I'm bringing it to you."Jaime being a valuable hostage is an illusion built on the idea that only men can be valuable hostages.  Certainly the fact that Tywin did not immediately cease and desist after his capture shatters the idea that he was as valuable as everyone claims.  He can't be traded, he can't be killed, he can't be returned.  He's an albatross.  Even Cercei won't trade for him.  The only one willing to entertain the idea is Tyrion and obviously Catelyn, establishing these two characters as more similar than not, more practical and loyal than any of the other players.  Tyrion is lauded for it, Catelyn is despised.
					
					
							Edited by birdsong66, 25 May 2012 - 12:00 PM.
184	Leuf	2012-05-25	You also are saying that Tywin just lies to his Generals at the small councel meeting for the Lannister party at Harranhal since that is when he said he was marching on Robb?Watch that scene again, Tywin never says he is marching against Robb.  He says he wants to get a march in before Robb knows what he is doing.  He doesn't say what direction that march is going to be in.  It's a misdirection for the non-book-readers so he can turn up at KL by surprise.
185	rmholt	2012-05-25	Have we digressed to the book?  Tywin heads to the Crag (where Robb is, also in the TV show) as planned by Robb, but is held up at Riverrun by an overzealous Edmure.  While he is held up there he gets word of the Stannis attack and heads to KL instead. Now I have to watch the episode again - darn!
186	rmholt	2012-05-25	The Red Wedding isnt just carnage.  it shows Tywin's character.  It shows Tyrion how to win a war with writing.  It is the first overt act of Bolton as an ally of Lannister.  It shows the Frey's character and leads to a lot of antiFrey activity that is important.  I'd be surprised if the short dialog between Tywin and Tyrion re: the Red Wedding isnt en bloc put in the show.
JMHO
187	Leuf	2012-05-25	Have we digressed to the book? Tywin heads to the Crag (where Robb is, also in the TV show) as planned by Robb, but is held up at Riverrun by an overzealous Edmure. While he is held up there he gets word of the Stannis attack and heads to KL instead. Now I have to watch the episode again - darn!There is no Riverrun in the show so there is no plot reason for Tywin to go in one direction just to turn around, and there isn't time for him to do it either.  There is a leaked casting video for season 3 where 
	Spoiler Edmure is getting dressed down like he does in the book, but it's for holding up The Mountain not Tywin.  So it's going to happen later in a slightly different way, as part of introducing the Tullys
188	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-05-25	Because it was obvious and always going to be obvious, so saving it for the finale makes your finale weak. It's even obviously fishy in the book, but then it just goes on so long after that you sort of accept it, and then you get the reveal. That doesn't work on tv. It's importance in the book is much more as the plot driver for Cat and Robb to act as they do, which the show doesn't use. So the whole thing was pretty pointless.Well, reading the book I never thought it obvious until the end reveal, and from reading a lot of comments about non-ACOK-readers, I think that also holds true for those viewers. And I don't like that they tossed the supposed deaths as a motivation for Cat's betrayal anyway...The end of that scene put her treatment of Theon in perspective. She is not merely mocking him because he's weak. She truly cares about him and is trying to make him Ironborn again. She knows he has NO shot of living for long the way he is (both in terms of holding Winterfell and in terms of his behvaviour amongst dangerous Ironborn reavers.I don't see how undermining her brother in public will make him any safer. I would think the opposite. Not that I care much for Theon or the Ironborn anyway... In the books I did care for Asha, but this Yara... not so much...
189	Ghost714	2012-05-25	Well, reading the book I never thought it obvious until the end reveal, and from reading a lot of comments about non-ACOK-readers, I think that also holds true for those viewers. And I don't like that they tossed the supposed deaths as a motivation for Cat's betrayal anyway...I don't see how undermining her brother in public will make him any safer. I would think the opposite. Not that I care much for Theon or the Ironborn anyway... In the books I did care for Asha, but this Yara... not so much...Haha that's exactly how I feel about Asha in the books, I loved her, but I hate this Yara character.
190	rmholt	2012-05-25	There is no Riverrun in the show so there is no plot reason for Tywin to go in one direction just to turn around, and there isn't time for him to do it either.  There is a leaked casting video for season 3 where 
	Spoiler Edmure is getting dressed down like he does in the book, but it's for holding up The Mountain not Tywin.  So it's going to happen later in a slightly different way, as part of introducing the Tullys
Robb is still at the Crag.  So it would make sense that Tywin would head that way and then turn around when word of KL arrived.  However I am not sure the Crag has been associated in the show with a threat to Casterly Rock. In fact I cant recall if the reason for the march on the Crag was given on TV.  Now I am confused.
191	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	Tywin doesn't get there right when Stannis does, if you remember there was some fighting for awhile before Tywin gets there, so he might have more than a day to get there.And I am not suggesting that he "lies" to his war Generals, he might have thought that Robb was closer than he is, Robb might have move further away, so they deside to head to Kings Landing. There are all sorts of things that could happen, in order for Tywin to show up in King's Landing.However, even if he does not, which I highly freaking doubt, how is that going to some how stop the entire Red Wedding??? Just because Tywin marches against Robb, that does not mean he kills Robb. For all we know, Tywin could fight some of Robb's army, and Robb can be with the other part, or Robb could make Tywin retreat etc etc.Watch that scene again, Tywin never says he is marching against Robb.  He says he wants to get a march in before Robb knows what he is doing.  He doesn't say what direction that march is going to be in.  It's a misdirection for the non-book-readers so he can turn up at KL by surprise. I just rewatched it. I can see where you have some points here. They were just setting it up with him seeming to come to the conclusion that he was marching on Robb. They did it quite heavy handed I think though unless some scouts show up right as Tywin is leaving Harranhal to say Robb is falling back to Riverrun. I guess my biggest problem was the scene was set with his small council. I wish they could have maybe said it with another character other than Tywin with the Generals. I think the scene with Arya telling J'quen Hagar that Tywin is leaving and going to march on her brother easily got the point across. I'll give them credit it pissed me off and they got me even though I new the story. Probably more so because I new the story.
192	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-25	Robb is still at the Crag.  So it would make sense that Tywin would head that way and then turn around when word of KL arrived.  However I am not sure the Crag has been associated in the show with a threat to Casterly Rock. In fact I cant recall if the reason for the march on the Crag was given on TV.  Now I am confused. Tywin says that Stannis is two days away from KL. He also says that Robb is too close to Casterly Rock. We march tonight. Basically like that.
193	legba11	2012-05-25	She does it publicly because that's how they do things.  She still wants to ensure he knows she is his superior, but she wants him to make it as an Ironborn.  She has given him good advice, just not in a way where Theon is willing to listen to it.  Besides, she has to make it clear she tried to get him to leave so she doesn't get blamed for it when he dies.  She likely doesn't know their father will react to that.
194	GreenDream	2012-05-25	I don't understand what the big fuss is about. They are condensing the books a bit for the tv show. In the books, Tywin leaves Harrenhal to fight Robb, stuff happens, then he shows up at Kings Landing at the very last minute and saves the day.  To me, they are setting it up just like the books did, they are condensing it. In the book Tywin leaves a long time before and Arya then frees the Northmen with the weasel soup, then eventually escapes. Tywin fights with Edmure and the Riverrun men, then gets word about Kingslanding and heads there. It's the same basic structure here..... Just condensed for Tv.  There is room in the next episode for Tywin to get some message and turn to Kingslanding in the last minute, or like other people have said, I think it is likely that it is his plan all along to march for Kingslanding and the wording is misleading to the audience viewer so that we won't expect them to come to Kingslanding and save the day at the last minute.  Only have a couple days, then we will find out.
195	Ghost714	2012-05-25	I don't understand what the big fuss is about. They are condensing the books a bit for the tv show. In the books, Tywin leaves Harrenhal to fight Robb, stuff happens, then he shows up at Kings Landing at the very last minute and saves the day.  To me, they are setting it up just like the books did, they are condensing it. In the book Tywin leaves a long time before and Arya then frees the Northmen with the weasel soup, then eventually escapes. Tywin fights with Edmure and the Riverrun men, then gets word about Kingslanding and heads there. It's the same basic structure here..... Just condensed for Tv.  There is room in the next episode for Tywin to get some message and turn to Kingslanding in the last minute, or like other people have said, I think it is likely that it is his plan all along to march for Kingslanding and the wording is misleading to the audience viewer so that we won't expect them to come to Kingslanding and save the day at the last minute.  Only have a couple days, then we will find out.That'ls exactly what I was saying to. It all makes sense to me.
196	Harrad	2012-05-26	Another reason that the HBO series can't be 3 seasons only is that it would end in media res. That idea is almost as crackpot as Catelyn releasing Jaime.
197	lostinwesteros	2012-05-26	I apologize if this question has been asked and answered earlier in this thread (so many pages!), but a friend at work asked how Roz ended up with a Lannister necklace in this last episode, and I had no idea, hadn't even thought of that before.    /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
It was the necklace, it seems, that made Cercei think that she was Tyrion's whore.  Did someone 'plant' it on Roz, was Cercei lying, what?  what?  If anyone knows or has thoughts on it, I'd appreciate hearing from you.  THANKS!
198	Ghost714	2012-05-26	I apologize if this question has been asked and answered earlier in this thread (so many pages!), but a friend at work asked how Roz ended up with a Lannister necklace in this last episode, and I had no idea, hadn't even thought of that before.    /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />It was the necklace, it seems, that made Cercei think that she was Tyrion's whore.  Did someone 'plant' it on Roz, was Cercei lying, what?  what?  If anyone knows or has thoughts on it, I'd appreciate hearing from you.  THANKS!When Tyrion came back from the Wall, he stopped by Winterfell and Robb was an ass to him, so he stayed in an Inn, and he had a few tumbles with Ros. That's when he gave her the Lannister lion necklace. Theon see's the necklace an episode or two later, and he gets all jealous and shit. It's the episode where you see Theon's dick, him and Ros are both fully naked having sex and talking about stuff.
199	insertname	2012-05-26	@Arbor Gold I'm SoldSee you don't think Arya's answers were convincing enough, but I though they were very clever, clever enough to fool Tywin. Especially because he. does. not. know. Arya. is. missing.Nobody ever told him. When Tyrion got to KL it was a shock to him, and he never told Tywin, because he wanted to try and find her first, and of he can't, then he can always put the blame on Cersei for letting her get away. That's why it makes sense he didn't think she was Arya, because in Tywin's mind, he would think that of she was missing, somebody would tell him. It's a perfect storm really, for why he does not know it was here. Again, her answers were also very convincing in my opinion.The show makes it pretty clear that Tywin is not fooled by her disguise. While I could accept that he doesn't learn that Arya's missing(Sending such a message per raven could be dangerous if it is interrupted, so they would only send a raven if they deem it necessary).However, it makes no sense that Tywin would not try to find out which family she is from. Even if she was "just" a Karstark, Umber, or whatever, it could potentially lead to Robb losing up to a few thousand soldiers.On top of that, there aren't exactly many highborn northern girls running around in the south, so just that should make Tywin very suspicious...
200	Lebronn Jaime	2012-05-26	Why would Tywin leave a child with the Mountain? Guess he forgot what happened last time he did that. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by Lebronn Jamie, 26 May 2012 - 11:36 PM.
201	Catherine Storm	2012-05-27	I think they'll 'whitewash' The Mountain a bit and leave out the most part of his raping and killings... Yes it's HBO, but there is some crazy violence in the novels I don't think they'll even attempt to show.
202	GreenDream	2012-05-27	The show makes it pretty clear that Tywin is not fooled by her disguise. While I could accept that he doesn't learn that Arya's missing(Sending such a message per raven could be dangerous if it is interrupted, so they would only send a raven if they deem it necessary).However, it makes no sense that Tywin would not try to find out which family she is from. Even if she was "just" a Karstark, Umber, or whatever, it could potentially lead to Robb losing up to a few thousand soldiers.On top of that, there aren't exactly many highborn northern girls running around in the south, so just that should make Tywin very suspicious...no one has told Tywin that Arya is missing. Like many have explained before me, Cersei, Tyrion, Littlefinger, Varys, Purcel etc. are still trying to find her in Kingslanding, they don't want to have Tywin mad at them, so they haven't told him yet.And I guess you weren't paying attention to the dialogue between Arya and Tywin. Let me sum it up for you. Arya's story so far: She is the daughter of a stonemason who taught her to read. Her mother worked for Lady Dustin for many years and taught her how to talk properly. She is not high born, but somewhat educated. She is from Barrowton.This might make her seem a bit unusual, but Tywin believes most/all of it. He has asked questions... he did ask where she was from. All of her answers were satisfactory. She knows how to read, and she talks well, other than that she does not look like nor behave like a high born lady.
203	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-27	I think I would go a little further than a bit unusual. My impression was that her being well read and her speech make her seem highborn(not too mention she is well fed). Not only that but unique for most all the highborn in the North. I know it sounds like I'm bagging on the north but my impression was that only two or three Houses in the north would feature people of such education even at the top. I don't think ravens would be used to send message of Arya to Tywin,agreed. He would have messengers on horseback traveling constantly between Harranhal and KL though. Wouldn't you think he would ask about the two prized prisoners and what they were up to and what condition they were in?
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 27 May 2012 - 02:16 AM.
204	insertname	2012-05-27	@greendream: Did you even read what I wrote? I have acknowledged Tywin doesn't know Arya is missing.
And while Arya has a nice story, the dialogue between them, and Tywin's expressions, make it clear that he doesn't buy it.
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 27 May 2012 - 04:58 AM.
205	DurararaFTW	2012-05-27	I think I would go a little further than a bit unusual. My impression was that her being well read and her speech make her seem highborn(not too mention she is well fed). Not only that but unique for most all the highborn in the North. I know it sounds like I'm bagging on the north but my impression was that only two or three Houses in the north would feature people of such education even at the top.I definitely don't think this is accurate. You don't think the Cerwyns, or the Dustins, the Manderlies, the Reeds or the Grovers and the others know how to read or speak properly? And she's a summerchild, being well-fed ain't such a stretch.I don't think ravens would be used to send message of Arya to Tywin,agreed. He would have messengers on horseback traveling constantly between Harranhal and KL though. Wouldn't you think he would ask about the two prized prisoners and what they were up to and what condition they were in?The point is that Cersei is actively keeping the truth from him, hence why Tyrion only found out when he reached King's Landing.
206	GreenDream	2012-05-27	@greendream: Did you even read what I wrote? I have acknowledged Tywin doesn't know Arya is missing.And while Arya has a nice story, the dialogue between them, and Tywin's expressions, make it clear that he doesn't buy it.Yes, I read what you wrote. You said you could accept it on the fact that sending a raven was too dangerous. I was replying that they wouldn't have told him even if it wasn't dangerous to send a raven.Even if Tywin has his doubts, he doesn't push the questions. and further, there is no reason for him to believe that she is Arya or any other important girl. She is intriguing, but to him, nonessential. A point he proves when he leaves her as Gregor's cupbearer.Now, to begin with, I never liked the fact that they put her as Tywin's cup bearer, instead of Bolton. But for that fact, Bolton never realizes who she really is in the books. You would think he would recognize his own Lord's daughter. Going on with this theme, it's not that far a stretch that Tywin doesn't know who she is either.Early on in watching the television series, I've come to terms that this isn't the book. Things aren't going to be exactly the same. Some I like, some I don't, but I swallow it all for the sake of enjoying the show. If I sit here and nitpick the details, I'm not going to enjoy the show.
207	GreenDream	2012-05-27	I think I would go a little further than a bit unusual. My impression was that her being well read and her speech make her seem highborn(not too mention she is well fed). Not only that but unique for most all the highborn in the North. I know it sounds like I'm bagging on the north but my impression was that only two or three Houses in the north would feature people of such education even at the top. I don't think ravens would be used to send message of Arya to Tywin,agreed. He would have messengers on horseback traveling constantly between Harranhal and KL though. Wouldn't you think he would ask about the two prized prisoners and what they were up to and what condition they were in?You have no basis on claiming that the northmen aren't well read or well spoken. We haven't had many encounters with northmen to gauge how well educated they are. All large houses have maesters, therefor, they would be taught the same as their southern counterparts. Your claim is just ridiculous. And for her being "well fed" .... well in the show Tywin makes a remark that she is scrawny, and most likely has been underfed all her life, to which she responds that she eats a lot, but is just skinny. This is not evidence that she is highborn or not. You don't have to be highborn to eat. Maybe the peasants in Kingslanding and in the areas that are war- ravaged have recently been going hungry, but there is nothing that says they were starving to begin with.
208	insertname	2012-05-27	Yes, I read what you wrote. You said you could accept it on the fact that sending a raven was too dangerous. I was replying that they wouldn't have told him even if it wasn't dangerous to send a raven.Even if Tywin has his doubts, he doesn't push the questions. and further, there is no reason for him to believe that she is Arya or any other important girl. She is intriguing, but to him, nonessential. A point he proves when he leaves her as Gregor's cupbearer.Now, to begin with, I never liked the fact that they put her as Tywin's cup bearer, instead of Bolton. But for that fact, Bolton never realizes who she really is in the books. You would think he would recognize his own Lord's daughter. Going on with this theme, it's not that far a stretch that Tywin doesn't know who she is either.Early on in watching the television series, I've come to terms that this isn't the book. Things aren't going to be exactly the same. Some I like, some I don't, but I swallow it all for the sake of enjoying the show. If I sit here and nitpick the details, I'm not going to enjoy the show.Regarding Tywin knowing about Arya: Well, okay, what you wrote just came over as a bit condescending because you mentioned how everyone has already explained a fact that I'm not even argumenting.And I have no qualms with it only because it's a book deviation. I'm not a purist.However, I disagree on "there is no reason for him to believe that she is Arya or any other important girl". While there is no direct reason to believe she's arya, there's more than enough to believe she's an important girl. Any highborn northern hostage could potentially mean up to a few thousand soldiers less working for Robb (Depending on how well he can use the girl to his advantage). That's far from not important.
209	GreenDream	2012-05-27	Regarding Tywin knowing about Arya: Well, okay, what you wrote just came over as a bit condescending because you mentioned how everyone has already explained a fact that I'm not even argumenting.And I have no qualms with it only because it's a book deviation. I'm not a purist.However, I disagree on "there is no reason for him to believe that she is Arya or any other important girl". While there is no direct reason to believe she's arya, there's more than enough to believe she's an important girl. Any highborn northern hostage could potentially mean up to a few thousand soldiers less working for Robb (Depending on how well he can use the girl to his advantage). That's far from not important.I wasn't trying to be condescending. I'm sorry about that. I was only trying to give credit to others who were arguing the point before I ever mentioned it.As to her being an important asset. I beg to differ because if she was indeed so important, I believe the other high houses would have talked about a missing high born girl. If she was some highborn girl it would be unlikely that she would be traveling during war time, and if so, it would have been known who she was by the people that were protecting her when captured. Some raggedy girl posing as a boy traveling with strangers doesn't come across as some lady that is important.
210	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-27	I think there is a big difference between being able to read and being well read. I would say the same with eating alot and starving. No one said anything about that a stonemasons daughter in Barrowtown would be starving but eating alot is a different matter.
211	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-27	The point is that Cersei is actively keeping the truth from him, hence why Tyrion only found out when he reached King's Landing. I have no problem with the secret being kept while the Lannisters are battling Robbs men initially. Seems completely plausible to me that for a short time this secret could be kept and that it was news to Tyrion when he arrives. Then time goes by. Sure I understand that the small council would want to keep this hush since it could mean their heads. For one I think rumors from the capital would always be spreading so I assume the common folk have heard some about what has transpired between Joffrey and Sansa. I'm just putting myself in Tywin's shoes. Sansa and Arya are their most valuable hostages so I would think he would care about them. If Tywin was to show up at the battle at KL. That would mean Harranhal is not so far from KL. Which in turn would leave me to believe he would have his own messengers going back and forth. If you consider that a lone messenger or small band of cavalry would be able to ride at twice the pace of the whole army(at the least). How could Cersei manipulate what they saw and reported? So going back to pages ago to the original point Tywin is an idiot. I think it would be more possible for this secret to be kept from some of the other high houses just not Tywin. She clearly is an important asset just ask the King in the North or Catelyn.
212	Ghost714	2012-05-27	I have no problem with the secret being kept while the Lannisters are battling Robbs men initially. Seems completely plausible to me that for a short time this secret could be kept and that it was news to Tyrion when he arrives. Then time goes by. Sure I understand that the small council would want to keep this hush since it could mean their heads. For one I think rumors from the capital would always be spreading so I assume the common folk have heard some about what has transpired between Joffrey and Sansa. I'm just putting myself in Tywin's shoes. Sansa and Arya are their most valuable hostages so I would think he would care about them. If Tywin was to show up at the battle at KL. That would mean Harranhal is not so far from KL. Which in turn would leave me to believe he would have his own messengers going back and forth. If you consider that a lone messenger or small band of cavalry would be able to ride at twice the pace of the whole army(at the least). How could Cersei manipulate what they saw and reported? So going back to pages ago to the original point Tywin is an idiot. I think it would be more possible for this secret to be kept from some of the other high houses just not Tywin. She clearly is an important asset just ask the King in the North or Catelyn.What are you talking about?I highly doubt Tywin is constantly sending messengers by horseback to King's Landing. Cersei is always wondering where Tywin is, whay he is doing, and why he isn't in King's Landing yet. That to me, suggests there is not a lot of communication between them, and all Tyrion ever says is, "he's off fighting the war your son started"(basically). However, even if Tywin was sending fifty riders a day like you seem to think, do you honestly think that they would be searching the entire Red Keep? All Cersei would need to say is, that Arya is locked up somewhere, because she won't stop trying to fight and escape, and that's it. Nobody is going to question the Queen Regent, they have no reason to think she is not telling them the truth. So Tywin is not stupid, it makes sense that he doesn't know his cupbearer was Arya, or any other Highborn Northern girl. You seem to think its so obvious to him that she is Highborn, but it's not. Arya's answers to his questions were very good, and a Highborn girl would not have been captured the way she was. Everyone would think that if she is Highborn, then she would tell someone, that way she is not treated like lowborn street scum. That's why it's so clever of Arya to not tell anyone who she is. In the books, she was treated badly by Wease at Harrenhall, most people would not pretend to be lowborn in a situation like that, because the lowborn are treated like shit. So when you add all these things together, Tywin is not an idiot for not knowing who she is. You seem to think that Tywin would be more curious just because "there might be a chance she his Highborn, and a Highborn girl hostage could potentionally cost Robb a few thousand soldiers". That makes no sense at all, there are thousands of Highborn captives on both sides, and that does not stop anybody from fighting. Cersei says she has both Arya and Sansa, yet Robb continues to fight. In the books, there's a hundred Northern prisoners in Harrenhall when Arya breaks them out, yet the war went on when they were captured.So even if Tywin thought there was a chance Arya was Highborn, he would not torture her for days to find out, "just so one of Robb's Bannermen will stop fighting"...because most likely they would not stop fighting. When both sides have captives, Tywin can't say "quit fighting for Robb or I'll kill your daughter", because then Robb's side would kill some of their captives. Not to mention, Tywin's son is a freaking captive.Seriously, when you really think about it, it makes sense.
213	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-27	Ghost I liked your post even though I totally disagree with you. It seems your are combining my thoughts with others though. Tywin thinks of himself as ruling Westeros. Can we agree on that?
214	Ghost714	2012-05-27	Ghost I liked your post even though I totally disagree with you. It seems your are combining my thoughts with others though. Tywin thinks of himself as ruling Westeros. Can we agree on that?At this current point I wouldn't say he thinks that, at this point he is just at war, and taking care of his grandson's mess, that's why he sent Tyrion to King's Landing. Tyrion asked Tywin why he was sending him to King's Landing, and Tywin said "to rule", so I don't think Tywin thinks he is constantly ruling all of Westeros right now, and especially not when Robert was alive.I would think that the only time Tywin thinks he is ruling Westeros, is when he actually was Hand of the King, before Roberts Rebellion, and when he is Hand again, after the Battle of the Blackwater. However, wether or not Tywin think that, I am not sure what it has to do with this argument?I am glad you liked my post though, although I would like to know what parts you don't agree with and why you don't agree with them, and I am sorry if I confused part of what you said, with something someone else said.
215	lostinwesteros	2012-05-27	@ Ghost 714
THANKS!  Now I remember, and have been able to let my friend at work know.  I appreciate it.
216	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-28	I think my thinking has been well documented and yours as well so I will have to leave it at that since I feel like we are going in circles(concerning Arya). The one part I hadn't touched on yet was Tywin's rule. By telling Tyrion to go to KL "to rule" basically until Tywin can be back in KL doesn't that make him the ruler, in his mind anyway. If everyone in the seat of power bends to your will that makes you the ruler, does it not. So he is the ruler he is just busy right now. If Tywin sent orders to KL would they obey? Do you think Tywin feels like he can send orders to KL?
					
					
							Edited by Arbor Gold I'm Sold, 28 May 2012 - 03:58 AM.
217	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-29	The only real mistakes season 2 made in terms of storyline were probably Jaime's totally out-of-character cousin-head-smashing and Talisa being from Volantis. The Red Wedding was planned with consultation/sharing of knowledge with the Westerlings, remember? Talisa needs to be a Westerling. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />He doesn't even act as a father to his own kids.Cersei won't let him for fear of tipping people off about the incest.  Later in the books, when he finally begins to come out of his disillusionment over her, he does start to try to reach out to Tommen a little.See you don't think Arya's answers were convincing enough, but I though they were very clever, clever enough to fool Tywin. Especially because he. does. not. know. Arya. is. missing.Nobody ever told him. When Tyrion got to KL it was a shock to him, and he never told Tywin, because he wanted to try and find her first, and of he can't, then he can always put the blame on Cersei for letting her get away. That's why it makes sense he didn't think she was Arya, because in Tywin's mind, he would think that of she was missing, somebody would tell him. It's a perfect storm really, for why he does not know it was here. Again, her answers were also very convincing in my opinion.Her answers would be clever enough to fool some, perhaps most, but not Tywin.  This is the point of that "did anyone ever tell you you're too smart for your own good" line....it doesn't make sense unless Tywin knows she's lying.  If she's just telling him the truth, what's so savvy and smart about that?Tyrion is lauded for it, Catelyn is despised.This is a good observation; if you are referencing reader/viewer reactions, people's perceptions are skewed by the fact that most like the Starks and want them home, so they like Tyrion for being willing to give them up, but they hate the Lannisters, Jaime in particular, so they want him to pay at all costs rather than be given his freedom.  But I also think many people, myself included, saw Jaime as a far more valuable hostage than the girls, whether or not he is, in fact, an albatross, as some have said.  I despised Cat because it seemed to me that all she had done by freeing Jaime was traded the death/imprisonment of one child (Robb) for the hope of life/freedom of two others (the girls)...to me the war was over once Jaime was free.  Does one man make or break the war effort?  Not necessarily...I'll use everybody's catch-phrase of the butterfly effect....on morale for both armies, on bargaining positions, on Robb's perceived strength as a king... just the way I saw it.Why would Tywin leave a child with the Mountain? Guess he forgot what happened last time he did that. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Not at all.  More like he didn't care what he did with her.  Which is, IMO, one of the only things about the whole Arya/Tywin plot that actually rings true of him.
218	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-29	no one has told Tywin that Arya is missing. Like many have explained before me, Cersei, Tyrion, Littlefinger, Varys, Purcel etc. are still trying to find her in Kingslanding, they don't want to have Tywin mad at them, so they haven't told him yet.Not sure Tyrion wouldn't have told him.  Perhaps not, but I can't see why he wouldn't, other than to try and prove his worth by finding her himself and carrying out damage control on his own.  Up in the air I suppose but he does mention a few episodes back at the beginning of the street scene where the dude calls him a demon monkey that although he's been sending communications to Tywin he's not heard any responses.  So he is keeping Tywin abreast of the situation in KL, pure conjecture about what he's leaving in or leaving out.You have no basis on claiming that the northmen aren't well read or well spoken.Aren't there a few references to the Umbers' illiteracy? Can't remember if that's book only or both.So Tywin is not stupid, it makes sense that he doesn't know his cupbearer was Arya, or any other Highborn Northern girl. You seem to think its so obvious to him that she is Highborn, but it's not. Arya's answers to his questions were very good, and a Highborn girl would not have been captured the way she was. Everyone would think that if she is Highborn, then she would tell someone, that way she is not treated like lowborn street scum. That's why it's so clever of Arya to not tell anyone who she is. In the books, she was treated badly by Wease at Harrenhall, most people would not pretend to be lowborn in a situation like that, because the lowborn are treated like shit.I have to disagree on this.  It was obvious to him that she's highborn, hence the "m'lord" discussion.  As I said earlier, her answers didn't fool him, hence the "too smart for your own good" comment.  Of course she would masquerade as lowborn and unimportant if what she wants- wisely- is to avoid attention.  Hell masquerading (as a boy) is what she was doing when he first found her at Harrenhal, so it's not exactly out of character for her from what he knows of her.  And he figures out she's a Northerner on his own- he asks and she confirms.  So yes, he can figure that out."Most people" might not want to act lowborn, but most people also wouldn't act as if they were boy recruits for the Night's Watch, either, who aren't treated very well, themselves...which, by the way, is yet another clue to her being a Northerner trying to get back, though admittedly very subtle.
219	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-03-17	I'm re-watching S2 on Blu-Ray and thought I'd comment on each episode w/ their respective special features as I go. Yes, I know there's a general S2 blu-ray thread, but it's a long and unwieldy beast. I'm wondering what people think about each episode after a second viewing and w/ the added bonus of the commentaries, histories, maps, etc.Again, no new histories. This is disappointing as we could really use one on Valantis especially given the scene near the end of the episode between the King in the North and Talise. The audio commentary w/ the actors that play Jaime Lannister and Catelyn Stark is very entertaining; they're both really funny. They also apparently had a read through with the first six episodes of S3 the day before they did the commentary and in the course of the commentary let loose more than a few near spoilers. If you've wandered into this thread and have not read book 3 yet, I suggest skipping this audio commentary until you've done so.
220	Ran	2012-05-20	What'd you think?
221	Wyman_Manderly	2012-05-20	Argh.. 
	Spoiler  no Weasel soup, no iron coin trick? No beheading Karstark? Instead we had time for stupid romance between Rob and whatshernameintheshow? And is she even going to be related to the Lannisters? How is this gonna lead to "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" ?
 The scene between Jorah and Dany was weak too I thought.. 
7/10 for me.
					
					
							Edited by Wyman_Manderly, 21 May 2012 - 06:24 AM.
222	nothatso	2012-05-20	So Talisa really is Talisa. Ugh. Pointless.
The stalling for the House of the Undying is also frustrating.
223	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	Sort of boring. Much of this season seems to be waiting for something to happen.
224	summer_stark	2012-05-20	Argh.. No Weasel soup, no iron coin trick? No beheading Karstark? Instead we had time for stupid romance between Rob and whatshernameintheshow? And is she even going to be related to the Lannisters? How is this gonna lead to "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" ? The scene between Jorah and Dany was weak too I thought..7/10 for me.exactly.  i just started my first ever topic re: arya b/c i'm so pissed.  i knew this shit would happen. grrrrr
225	Warden of the North121	2012-05-20	Tbh did you really expect we'd have Weasel Soup when Roose Bolton is still with Robb and there's no sign of the Brave Companions?
226	summer_stark	2012-05-20	yes. i did. until last episode -- i worried that it wouldn't happen.  but i figured there would be enough time for tywin to leave and norther prisoners to get caught and brought in.  no tywin necessary for that scenario.
227	Died a Hero	2012-05-20	My 1st 10
Easily the best showing of Asha. Her exchange with Theon was amazing. Then Stannis and Davos...my god. Not only informative for the non-book readers, but powerfully delivered. The first real Stannis moment imo. "I like dogs, they're loyal." I liked that they left Tyrion and Cersei's conversation alone. It was one of the best from the novel and to change it in anyway would be not only unnecessary, but completely damaging.The stuff between him and Bronn was funny too. The back story of Talisa was well done. I'm still not sure why they've changed her in the first place, but Oona Chaplin is great in the role, and is beyond hot. The king of bones looked great and I'm fine with how the found the dragon glass stash. The only thing that sucked was still no chain and no Weasel soup, but that's not going to lower the score on what was easily the best episode of the season. And the promo for next weeks episode looks beyond epic.
228	WinterWarrior	2012-05-20	Definitely a 10. An excellent espisode. I was so happy to see Bran/Rickon, Hodor/Osha and Luwin in the crypts at the end. Asha's strongest appearance. I think Talisa is still Jeyne and somehow her relationship with Robb made more sense to me this episode. And Cersei is her horrible self, with Ros playing the Alayaya role as we suspected. The set up for her to accuse Tyrion of the Purple Wedding is underway.
Excellent, excellent. I think I will stay up long enough to watch it again at 10pm central. Love it.
229	teemo	2012-05-20	Okay, Asha was good this episode, and that surprised me.  I liked this episode because soooo much dialogue was just pulled straight from the books, and I could almost predict every scene what was going to happen.  I think the lack of Dany makes an episode better as well.  She was there, but thankfully it was short (and bad).  Jeyne/Talisa is also terrible....worst character in the series, imo. 
Loved how the handled a lot of stuff thought that they have handled poorly in the past.  And we got to see some of Cersei's viciousness, finally.
230	boojam	2012-05-20	A ten again , still just for cast and production values.
Next week looks redeeming.
Whew! tho, I hope Benioff and Weiss learn from this season.
If the actors were not so good and individual scenes not so well played out, this would be a train wreck of continuity.
Even if the source material did not exist there has to be a smoother way , last season was so much better.
Well at least Arya got to pull her trick... I was not surprised by the loss of Weasel Soup... but was surprised that we did not see Jaqen in action solving their problem.
So it's Dany and the dragons again to end a season, I can't see how that can come next week.
231	summer_stark	2012-05-20	yes, asha was great this episode. i really liked her.  and i was glad they had the boys double back -- that's what i was hoping would happen, but thought it was a small chance.  love that they're in the crypts.  still though, where. the fuck. is ghost?!!  no one can tell me with any logic whatsoever that ghost wouldnt come and kill people as soon as jon is captured -- they sense danger for their masters.  no sense whatsoever. glad sam/grenn found the dragon glass though
232	ServantOnIce	2012-05-20	That was HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!How in the world does GRRM allow them to butcher his wonderful work!!!!!NO ONE KNOWS IF BRAN AND RICKON ARE FREAKING DEAD??? THE MOST ESSENTIAL POINT TO THE BOOK IS COMPLETELY DISMISSED????So Catelyn frees Jaime while Bran and Rickon are thought to be alive??Robb bangs Jeyne while he thinks Bran and Rickon are alive????Jaime and Brienne are on their way already?JH helps Arya and the fam escape?I can't . . now the Blackwater battle looks like it was filmed in my back yard??? Stannis leads the charge at the mud gate???Stannis vs. Tyrion . .I can't . . this sucks . . bye I am so furious . this is crap . . really it is crap . .
233	genegirl	2012-05-20	Definitely a 10 rating.  A little early for the dragonglass discovery but I can see how and where this is going to end.
234	Patchface12	2012-05-20	I was not happy with the Robb/Jeyne romance, and was pissed that there was no Weasel soup. Maybe Jaqen, Rorge, and Biter will be fleeing with them for a time (I don't think Jaqen killed all those guards by himself) giving them a chance for a final exchange, a coin, and perhaps a face change (how will they make that look convincing with their budget, tho?)
I was glad they finally made good use of Ros as a stand-in for Alyaya
I noticed this is the third time in the show they've used material from A Dance with Dragons for their script
7/10 for me
Hopefully next week's episode will be better. Martin is scripting it
235	dtones520	2012-05-20	Sort of boring. Much of this season seems to be waiting for something to happen.Clash of Kings, is basically like that. We wait while Dany sits around in Qarth, we follow Jon around North of the Wall wandering with Qhorin, we watch Kings Landing prepare for the Siege, we follow Arya around until she escapes, etc. We get a little action in the middle with Cat when Renly dies, but then she goes and sits around and mopes around at Riverrun. Then at the end we get the House of the Undying, Qhorins death, Weasel soup, the Battle of the Blackwater, etc.We know that next weeks episode is the Battle of the Blackwater, we know Dany will go to the HotU, we know Jon will kill Qhorin, the only thing we lose is Weasel soup (probably budget).I'm doing a reread of the series right now and am currently on COK, and the book is basically all a buildup to the end. The series is no different.
236	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Clash of Kings, is basically like that. We wait while Dany sits around in Qarth, we follow Jon around North of the Wall wandering with Qhorin, we watch Kings Landing prepare for the Siege, we follow Arya around until she escapes, etc. We get a little action in the middle with Cat when Renly dies, but then she goes and sits around and mopes around at Riverrun. Then at the end we get the House of the Undying, Qhorins death, Weasel soup, the Battle of the Blackwater, etc. We know that next weeks episode is the Battle of the Blackwater, we know Dany will go to the HotU, we know Jon will kill Qhorin, the only thing we lose is Weasel soup (probably budget). I'm doing a reread of the series right now and am currently on COK, and the book is basically all a buildup to the end. The series is no different.Spot on correct, sir!
237	rmholt	2012-05-20	Argh.. No Weasel soup, no iron coin trick? No beheading Karstark? Instead we had time for stupid romance between Rob and whatshernameintheshow? And is she even going to be related to the Lannisters? How is this gonna lead to "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" ? The scene between Jorah and Dany was weak too I thought.. 7/10 for me.Well, perhaps the final Arya denouement will have more.  It felt incomplete.  Marrying a Lannister bannerman daughter isnt what led to the Red Wedding, it was marrying ANYone (not the promised Frey).  Yes, there were some small details from Tywin and Jeynes mom putting their heads together but that was a minor plot point (though very satisfying to the reader.)Walder Frey was ripe for being nudged by Tywin to take out the Young Wolf in an expeditious manner not directly traceable to away the Lannisters.  Tywin saw the opportunity when Robb married the non Frey.  So Lannister can still send his regards.M
238	rmholt	2012-05-20	That was HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How in the world does GRRM allow them to butcher his wonderful work!!!!! NO ONE KNOWS IF BRAN AND RICKON ARE FREAKING DEAD??? THE MOST ESSENTIAL POINT TO THE BOOK IS COMPLETELY DISMISSED???? So Catelyn frees Jaime while Bran and Rickon are thought to be alive?? Robb bangs Jeyne while he thinks Bran and Rickon are alive???? Jaime and Brienne are on their way already? JH helps Arya and the fam escape? I can't . . now the Blackwater battle looks like it was filmed in my back yard??? Stannis leads the charge at the mud gate??? Stannis vs. Tyrion . .I can't . . this sucks . . bye I am so furious . this is crap . . really it is crap . .  That was HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How in the world does GRRM allow them to butcher his wonderful work!!!!! NO ONE KNOWS IF BRAN AND RICKON ARE FREAKING DEAD??? THE MOST ESSENTIAL POINT TO THE BOOK IS COMPLETELY DISMISSED???? So Catelyn frees Jaime while Bran and Rickon are thought to be alive?? Robb bangs Jeyne while he thinks Bran and Rickon are alive???? Jaime and Brienne are on their way already? JH helps Arya and the fam escape? I can't . . now the Blackwater battle looks like it was filmed in my back yard??? Stannis leads the charge at the mud gate??? Stannis vs. Tyrion . .I can't . . this sucks . . bye I am so furious . this is crap . . really it is crap . . I hope you recorded it so you can watch it again.  Saving her daughters is reason enough to free Jaime, trust me.Or else go back and reread the books.You havent seen a book hashed up for the movie or you wouldnt be so disappointed.  Check out "Dune"
239	gogorath	2012-05-20	Not sure.  Have to watch it a second time.  My first impulse is that while the Cersei/Tyrion team was great, overall, it wasn't a great episode.  I'm less confident the Jon storyline will be as good as the book -- as much as I like getting Ygritte early.  And while I'm not overly worried about losing Weasel Soup, I thought they could have drawn that out better.  
We'll see if I like it better at the 9pm PST showing.
240	rmholt	2012-05-20	gave it a 9.  Ros seems to be the stand in for whore abuse.  Why she hasnt killed Tyrion yet is beyond me.
Asha/Yara was almost adequate.
The weasel soup replacement was lame.
Time in the North and Qarth were succinct - a good thing.
Lot of gaps - Arya getting together wth the old team, Luwin finding Bran and Rickon, preparation for the war (which I thought would be entertaining) 
Qhorin incident handled well.
The Talisa speech about Volantis and slavery was really clever - now we have an idea about the slave cities.
Overall, I liked it a lot as usual but not completely knocked out this week.
Not boring anyway - all the skipping around to the various sets (where not much was going on) kept me awake.
241	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	A great overall episode that built the anticipation for next week.  It had many great scenes of it's own, though. 8/10.
242	Warden of the North121	2012-05-20	Gave it a 10.
Stannis/Davos are quickly becoming my faovorite scenes.
Tyrion/Bronn/Varys up to their usual antics
Cersei/Tyrion pulled staright from the book (Ros instead of Alayaya but that doesn't matter)
Theon/Asha(Yara) was really touching and the actress playing Yara really improved from realier in teh season.
The scene at the end with Bran.Rickon,Hodor, Osha and Luwin was a little surprising but I still liked it. Bran's expression at the end was heartbreaking. He blames himself for the miller's boy's deaths
Jon/Qhorin storyline got back on track and I think the fact that Jon realizes he the reason the other rangers died will be a great growing point for his character.
Sam finding the obisidian is a good change imo because it's he who actually uses the damn stuff.
Robb/Talisa/Jeyne is getting a little confusing/annoying over who she really is but it's good that they showed that they're falling in love since the way it went down in the books would be a little tough to pull off on TV.
I'm glad that Arya named Jaquen and I'm not that upset about Weasel Soup (I pretty much figured it was axed anyway)
Dany/Jorah stalling to go the HotU was probably the weakest scene but still good.
243	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	I gave it an 8. Overall, I liked it. But I took it down one point for Talisa/Jeyne's long boring story.  I also took it down another point for Arya not killing a guard herself on the way out. I don't really mind not getting weasel stew because we did get her giving Jaqen his own name, but I really wanted to see Arya escape herself.
I love that Ros took the place of Alayaya as the misidentified whore. Just waiting for the rabid-anti-Ros howls to start. And anyone who was worried about Jon's storyline should be pacified now. They are clearly setting up Jon to have to kill Qhorin on Qhorin's orders and not because he's in love with Ygritte. Dany's storyline is set up well--hope the HOTU ends up being epic. I was a bit annoyed that Robb fucked Jeynelisa and Cat freed Jaime without finding out about the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon, especially since it would have been so easy just to let one damn raven through. But in the big picture it really doesn't matter and is not a substantive change. 
I also am enjoying the Brienne/Jaime interaction.  Those two are going to play off each other really well. And Sam finding the obsidian is a good twist on the novel while keeping to the spirit of events.
244	Howdyphillip	2012-05-20	I gave this episode the lowest mark of the season with a 7. It was still excellent, but bereft of action as understandably next week will be the penultimate episode of the season. I didn't think that a lot of the acting was up to standard either in particular the love scene between Rob and whoever the hell she is. The Jaime/Brienne scene was a little stiff as well.
245	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	That was HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How in the world does GRRM allow them to butcher his wonderful work!!!!! NO ONE KNOWS IF BRAN AND RICKON ARE FREAKING DEAD??? THE MOST ESSENTIAL POINT TO THE BOOK IS COMPLETELY DISMISSED???? So Catelyn frees Jaime while Bran and Rickon are thought to be alive?? Robb bangs Jeyne while he thinks Bran and Rickon are alive???? Jaime and Brienne are on their way already? JH helps Arya and the fam escape? I can't . . now the Blackwater battle looks like it was filmed in my back yard??? Stannis leads the charge at the mud gate??? Stannis vs. Tyrion . .I can't . . this sucks . . bye I am so furious . this is crap . . really it is crap . . Thanks for posting this. Nothing like reading a tantrum like this to remind me how much I am enjoying this show.
246	Reeks Revenge	2012-05-20	The only reason I downvoted to a 7 is because I'M SO TIRED OF WAITING FOR DANY TO ACTUALLY GO TO THE HOUSE OF THE UNDYING!!!! It's being incredibly drawn out. All of Dany's scenes from the last 2 episodes are completely fabricated and NOT from the books at all. The least they can do is GET ON WITH IT!
Other than that, I thought it was a great ep. Jeyne + Robb scene was awesome. Her naked in those boots..... um.. I'll be back. I suddenly remembered... I.. have to be somewhere.... somewhere very important.......... fapping.
247	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	I liked it overall but within the framework of the season I think the pacing/scene organization of the past couple of episodes (particularly with Tywin/Robb and the military situation and Stannis' advance on KL) have been a little off. Still, I enjoyed it.
248	NW Deserter	2012-05-20	Gave it an 8.It started at a 10:Stannis/Davos, we FINALLY get some good backstory on the whole Onion Knight thing. Thought that exchange was awesome.Tyrion/Cersei stuff was gold, and the Tyrion/Bronn/Varys exchanges were pretty funny.Best episode of the season for Asha/Yara. And as always, Alfie Allen is an amazing Theon and the unexpected highlight of the entire season for me.Bran's look at the end was heartbreaking. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I love the Brienne/Jaime stuff, great dialogue.I'm still not sure what to make of Talissa, but the Free Cities lore was neat and she is fucking hot.I liked how they brought Quorin back in the storyline, and Rattleshirt looks really, really cool. Liked that Sam found the dragonglass, too.Points off for three things:Half a point off for the disappointing end to Arya's stay in Harrenhall. I understand that a lot of it isn't vital to the overall plot, but I missed Jaqen's face change, the coin being given, the weasel soup, etc. I noticed episode 10 is caled Valar Morghulis, so hopefully this means we get some of that then.Half a point off for nobody actually learning about Bran and Rickon, particularly Catelyn and Robb. I can still buy that they both did what they did (releasing Jaime and forsaking a vow, respectively), but it took a lot of the emotional punch out of it. I'm honestly not sure why this decision was made, but oh well.The other point off for what I am legitimately pissed about - not revealing Tyrion's plan with the freaking chain! That thing does so much for saving the city, for giving Tyrion the credit he deserves from viewers/readers (but of course not from the citizens of Kings Landing), and there's not even a mention of it. What has he even really done? All I can think of is him taking Cersei's wildfire idea and doing it more, but other than that, nothing. This won't even seem like Tyrion's victory to the viewers! First thing that has really frustrated me during the entire series.One thing I didn't mention was Dany, and really I'm just meh at this point. Either go to the HotU or don't, but quit building it up so much. It better be really fucking awesome when we finally see it. I did like that Jorah mentioned the ship going to Astapor, but if Dany doesn't go get her stupid dragons next episode, then it'll have to be episode 10, and then she won't have time to meet Barristan at the docks, unless they're saving that for next season.
249	Oberyn King	2012-05-20	It was a 7 to me.  Where was Tyrion's cunning?  Reading books instead of actually getting ready for the siege??   But I won't say anymore in a spoiler free thread.
250	TywinLann	2012-05-20	For all you worried that arya won't get the coin, look at the name of episode 10
251	_Oberyn_	2012-05-20	7. Most of it was good and I was pleased to finaly found the dragonglass. Aryas story fell a bit flat but it can be overlooked. The Lord of Bones was well done.
Robbs story is just fucking pathetic It has been dumbed down to some Jerry Springer bs "Are you horny eneough to lose a kingdom". And there is truly no excuse for it.
252	Strider	2012-05-20	I'm giving it an 8, as it was a developmental episode in several respects.  It was solid.  Good interaction with Asha and Theon.  Theon is so lost.   Good interaction with Cersei and Tyrion.  Cersei should be afraid.  She thinks she's so smart and devious; but Tyrion will have his revenge.  
I know that a lot of folks will complain about the "unnecessary" scenes between Robb and Talissa, but the writers decided to strongly develop the character of Jon this season--a decision with which I wholeheartedly concur--and this requires them to create a story line that did not exist in the books.  By freeing Jaime, Catelyn has undermined her influence with Jon.  Jon is now free to act on his erotic and romantic desires, duty be damned.  
I am still wondering who will accompany Rickon when the Stark boys leave Winterfell.  Luwin remains my guess.
253	Corvinus	2012-05-21	8/10
Yeah I try not to judge by the book, but some things didn't make sense so -1 for that, and Jaqen hasn't changed his face -1 for that.
254	nothatso	2012-05-21	8/10 Yeah I try not to judge by the book, but some things didn't make sense so -1 for that, and Jaqen hasn't changed his face -1 for that.Given the title of the 10th episode, I think its fair to say that we haven't seen the last of Jaqen.
255	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-21	I gave it a 9.  I liked it, even if it was the calm before the storm.  I felt too much time was spent on Robb Stark's love life.  Asha vs Theon was done well, as was the scene with Stannis and Davos.  The scenes showing Tyrion being vulnerable, were excellent.  Back in Qarth, I keep wondering if Dany will ever grow a brain.
256	Aegon I of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	8/10 Yeah I try not to judge by the book, but some things didn't make sense so -1 for that, and Jaqen hasn't changed his face -1 for that.Episode 10...
257	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-21	I gave it a 7/10.  This was mostly a set-up episode for things to come (House of the Undying, Blackwater, etc.)LikesI wasn't sold on the actor playing Stannis when he was first introduced.  I always pictured Stannis as more physically imposing and a little less...whiny for lack of a better word.  However, Stephen Dillane hit it out of the park during the short time he was on screen tonight.  He captured Stannis' essence, as a bitter, jealous man who carries around a lot of emotional baggage that stems from both feeling slighted by both of his brothers and from not receiving due recognition for his crucial part in Robert's Rebellion.  Davos was fantastic as usual...like most of the cast members, the actor really seems to understand his character.Regardless of how much of their dialogue was actually from the books, I really enjoyed the interaction among Bronn/Varys/Tyrion and feel that they add some much appreciated humor to the show without overdoing it.  Great chemistry there.Cersei...you bitch!  Where have you been?  Welcome back!The Brienne/Jaime interaction was exactly as I pictured it from the novels, and that's a good thing.The last time I hated a villain as much as I hate Joffrey was Tim Roth's Archibald Cunningham from 1995's Rob Roy (Those who have seen the movie will know what I mean.)  Jack Gleeson is despicable on screen (which means he's doing his job).  He didn't even really do much of anything tonight and I still wanted to smack him!DislikesI always felt that Harrenhal was supposed to represent a complete loss of innocence for Arya.  I don't want to spoil the book for those who haven't read it, but I think the show missed the mark by leaving some events out.They need to recast The Mountain for Season 3.  Gregor Clegane is the one character from the story in which the physical resemblance/characteristics are EVERYTHING.  Conan Stevens was perfect, mostly due to his menacing size and facial expressions and not necessarily for his Shakespearean dialogue ("SWORD!").  TV Tywin, Joffrey, and Jorah all appear physically different from their book counterparts, but because their acting is top notch and they capture the essence of their characters, it doesn't really matter.  With the Mountain, it does.  They need a bigger, scarier guy to fill the role, plain and simple.  Rory McCann, who plays The Hound, looks like he could pick his teeth with this guy.
258	Aegon I of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	Best episode of the 2nd season by far, although you have to be a big book fan AND a fan of good television to appreciate it. The changes they made had to be made! Anyone complaining about the Robb/Jeyne romance is failing to realise that that needs to happen or else he seems like a selfish idiot for forsaking his vows. You need to believe it, and they've done a great job of that, plus she's got to be the most attractive actor in the show which is always a bonus! Fantastic exposition, that didn't seem forced at all, in multiple scenes, most notably Stannis and Davos. Weasel soup seems to have been lost because of time constraints, but other than that the most accurate episode of season 2, even dropping in some book references to the likes of Astapor. Lena Headey is tremendous as always, I cannot fathom why anyone ever complained about her; with the exception of Viserys I think she's the most faithful embodiment of a book character. I was hoping they'd amend The House of the Undying significantly because it just isn't going to translate, but it doesn't look like it. 
I wish they had more than 10 episodes, but given that they don't, I think a lot of people need to be more understanding about the constraints of time and budget.
259	Aegon I of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	I gave it a 7/10. This was mostly a set-up episode for things to come (House of the Undying, Blackwater, etc.) Likes I wasn't sold on the actor playing Stannis when he was first introduced. I always pictured Stannis as more physically imposing and a little less...whiny for lack of a better word. However, Stephen Dillane hit it out of the park during the short time he was on screen tonight. He captured Stannis' essence, as a bitter, jealous man who carries around a lot of emotional baggage that stems from both feeling slighted by both of his brothers and from not receiving due recognition for his crucial part in Robert's Rebellion. Davos was fantastic as usual...like most of the cast members, the actor really seems to understand his character. Regardless of how much of their dialogue was actually from the books, I really enjoyed the interaction among Bronn/Varys/Tyrion and feel that they add some much appreciated humor to the show without overdoing it. Great chemistry there. Cersei...you bitch! Where have you been? Welcome back! The Brienne/Jaime interaction was exactly as I pictured it from the novels, and that's a good thing. The last time I hated a villain as much as I hate Joffrey was Tim Roth's Archibald Cunningham from 1995's Rob Roy (Those who have seen the movie will know what I mean.) Jack Gleeson is despicable on screen (which means he's doing his job). He didn't even really do much of anything tonight and I still wanted to smack him! Dislikes I always felt that Harrenhal was supposed to represent a complete loss of innocence for Arya. I don't want to spoil the book for those who haven't read it, but I think the show missed the mark by leaving some events out. They need to recast The Mountain for Season 3. Gregor Clegane is the one character from the story in which the physical resemblance/characteristics are EVERYTHING. Conan Stevens was perfect, mostly due to his menacing size and facial expressions and not necessarily for his Shakespearean dialogue ("SWORD!"). TV Tywin, Joffrey, and Jorah all appear physically different from their book counterparts, but because their acting is top notch and they capture the essence of their characters, it doesn't really matter. With the Mountain, it does. They need a bigger, scarier guy to fill the role, plain and simple. Rory McCann, who plays The Hound, looks like he could pick his teeth with this guy.The new Mountain is bigger than Conan Stevens
260	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-21	7. Most of it was good and I was pleased to finaly found the dragonglass. Aryas story fell a bit flat but it can be overlooked. The Lord of Bones was well done. Robbs story is just fucking pathetic It has been dumbed down to some Jerry Springer bs "Are you horny eneough to lose a kingdom". And there is truly no excuse for it.Robb is a young, red-blooded man who, during a time of extreme self doubt and vulnerability, meets a beautiful yet mysterious young woman who shares his values of compassion and mercy.  This woman has just poured her heart out to him, alone, in his tent.  I don't think it that far-fetched to envision a scenario in which these two end up horizontal on the floor.
261	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	Best episode of the 2nd season by far, although you have to be a big book fan AND a fan of good television to appreciate it. The changes they made had to be made! Anyone complaining about the Robb/Jeyne romance is failing to realise that that needs to happen or else he seems like a selfish idiot for forsaking his vows. You need to believe it, and they've done a great job of that, plus she's got to be the most attractive actor in the show which is always a bonus! Fantastic exposition, that didn't seem forced at all, in multiple scenes, most notably Stannis and Davos. Weasel soup seems to have been lost because of time constraints, but other than that the most accurate episode of season 2, even dropping in some book references to the likes of Astapor. Lena Headey is tremendous as always, I cannot fathom why anyone ever complained about her; with the exception of Viserys I think she's the most faithful embodiment of a book character. I was hoping they'd amend The House of the Undying significantly because it just isn't going to translate, but it doesn't look like it. I wish they had more than 10 episodes, but given that they don't, I think a lot of people need to be more understanding about the constraints of time and budget.Disagree about Robb and Talisa. The show version to me makes him seem like an even bigger selfish idiot. At least in teh books he was wounded and had just learned about Bran adn Rickon, so it made sense that he succumbed to temptation. Here, he admits he doesn't want to marry a Frey and then just sleeps with her after she tells a long story about her drowning brother.
262	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-21	The new Mountain is bigger than Conan StevensHe is taller, true, but significantly thinner and far less intimidating in appearance.  In other words, I wouldn't say that Larry Bird is bigger than Warren Sapp.
263	Aegon I of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	Disagree about Robb and Talisa. The show version to me makes him seem like an even bigger selfish idiot. At least in teh books he was wounded and had just learned about Bran adn Rickon, so it made sense that he succumbed to temptation. Here, he admits he doesn't want to marry a Frey and then just sleeps with her after she tells a long story about her drowning brother.Well as I say, time constraint. Obviously it's not quite believable, but more believable than the romance-building GRRM gives us, which as you know is none. It just couldn't have worked if they didn't show it, but they can't show enough of it because they only have 10 hours. They definitely implied they had been spending all their time together with the start of the walking scene. I wish they gave us 50 episodes and then everything could be perfect, but it's impossible, and I think they did about as well as they could have. Also, someone else made the point that it gives us some much needed background on the slave cities.
264	Aegon I of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	He is taller, true, but significantly thinner and far less intimidating in appearance. In other words, I wouldn't say that Larry Bird is bigger than Warren Sapp.You're kind of right, I just checked and he's like 60 pounds heavier. But Conan Stevens isn't really an actor, so the fact that the Mountain actually has to act from now on is a point in the "pro" column for Ian Whyte. He also looks somehow more cold-blooded.
265	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	Cersei/Lena Headey gave me chills. Lena's line delivery was magnificently wicked. She's really grown into the role.
266	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-21	3/10. I wondered if this was unreasonably harsh so I watched a little of it again after dinner - nope, 3 is about right. Dull episode filled with bad writing and bad decisions. The corresponding parts of the book simply aren't this boring or this silly.
Good: The chemistry between Dinklage and the actress who plays Cersei. I like her Cersei - more than I like the book Cersei. More human, less of a caricature. 
Bad: Everything else. Too much to list fully but among other things - I thought the invented Dany story-line was intended to inject a little excitement. Why is nothing happening? If nothing is happening, why take up screen time with her? Can't Catelyn even get the motive of learning that Bran and Rickon are dead before turning Jaime loose? It's almost like the writers knew their attempts to portray the boys as possibly dead in the last episode were so weak that they didn't even bother trying to fool Catelyn. When did Bronn the sellsword from the Vale become an expert on the psychology of cities under seige? Are Rattleshirt and his men all deaf? I know Qhorin is a ranger and not a spymaster, but discussing his secret plan with Jon in a normal tone of voice right in front of Rattleshirt's men before starting his fake fight just doesn't seem meant to convince. Nice scenery, though. 
Just a lot of nothing in one of the last episodes of the season. I wouldn't even have minded a dumb sex scene to liven things up - oh wait, we got one of those and got to see what Charlie Chaplin's great-granddaughter's butt looked like (quite nice), and it still didn't help. And I'm trying to keep an open mind about changes from the book but I can't think of any tonight that improved the story-telling in any way.
					
					
							Edited by BoldAsYouPlease, 21 May 2012 - 01:46 AM.
267	FirelordSylar22	2012-05-21	As someone who came in through the show, and only read the first book after season 1 ended, I personally thought it was an amazing episode. I love the episodes of shows where we as the viewer know something is about to happen as do the characters, and everything seems just calm, but you can tell that shit is about to hit the fan. Calm before the storm.
I can understand some book purist disliking changes(I am a hardcore fan of the Harry Potter series and of course some of the changes to the films angered me, some were understandable, some were stupid.), but as a fan of the show, this is some of the best television I have ever seen, and until it stops being enjoyable, I will continue to love it no matter what they do. Good television is good television, no matter where it comes from.
Hope that slightly coherent.
Also, on a side note, it angers me that on this entire site their are very few threads I can visit, I now officially hate the phrase "BOOK SPOILERS"
268	Hyper	2012-05-21	I gave this episode an '8'. Great episode, much smoother flowing than the last one. The longer scenes really do help.
Favorite bits:
 + Tyrion/Varys
 + How Jon + Qhorin being captured neatly makes Jon's wanderings in the last two episode make much more sense - nice plot simplification
 + Grenn finding the dragon glass
 + Theon + Yara's conversation
 + Cersei/Tyrion
 + Talisa not being Jeyne - if true, great. I don't mind.
Iffy bits:
 - How the Talisa/Robb situation will work out. I'm willing to let it play out before I judge.
269	Evamitchelle	2012-05-21	Meh. 6/10. I was mostly bored the whole way through. Pros :- Theon's scenes are good as always. - I'm glad to finally see more of Varys. I find him so much more interesting than LF.- Jaime/Brienne. - Cersei/Tyrion.- Seeing Sam again. He's the reason I found Jon's early scenes watchable. Cons :- I'm wondering how they're gonna sell Arya becoming an assassin. Her little stint in Harrenhal was pretty tame in the end. She didn't even kill the guard herself. - Jon bores me as always.- Robb and Talisa. If I wanted cheesy hollywood romance I wouldn't be watching GoT. - Robb and Cat. - No Sansa. - No one knows Bran and Rickon are dead.
270	salt	2012-05-21	Beautiful episode.  I don't know what caused the lull in the early episodes, but GoT has securely reclaimed its spot as one of the best shows on television.
271	Morrigan	2012-05-21	No chain, no weasel soup, no Arya killing her own guard to escape Harrenhal, Catelyn's character is nearly destroyed, Jon/Qhorin is meh, Dany is annoying, almost nothing happened in this episode. Barf. 4/10, worst one yet.But hey, at least we got the story of Talissa! /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Fuck you, D&D. "We really love and really respect the source material", my ass, you keep raping it for no reason and missing the point of the characters. Give the scripts to writers who know what they're doing, please.
272	Eira Seren	2012-05-21	We gave it an 8.  Like last week's episode, this was one of the better episodes this season (I give last week's a 9).  I'm not in love with the romance stuff with Robb, though a portion of it is certainly believable.  And I really enjoy Jon's interations with Ygritte, Rose Leslie is really holding her own.  Tyrion, any scene with Tyrion is almost totally brilliant.  I like that he is finally interacting more with Varys, and thought that Tyrion's annoyance with Bronn was amusing, some great emotional intensity in all of Tyrion's scenes.  These three work well together.Rolled my eyes a little during the Dany scene, just par for the course this season, I guess.  We didn't see Dany nursing the dragons last season, for some reason though I thought maybe that had been implied at least, so Jorah's line about her not nursing them seemed strange.  It will be nice to see the house of the undying. .  . if we ever get there.Arya's scenes were pretty good, enjoyed her exchange with Jaqen.  The look on his face when she names him!  He really landed it.One thought I do have: in a season that draws from source material that doesn't have as much action, what drives the decision to cut some of the (still usefull to tv-plot) existing action?  While I appreciate the time we spent with Ygritte last episode, I find myself pondering the two ways the scenes with Jon are panning out:1. the wildling girl you couldn't kill makes a quick getaway.  there's a short chase followed by tying her up; she grinds her hips against yours, then you exchange some banter and have a stroll through beautiful scenery, followed by another quick escape, only to discover she has outwitted you and you are ambushed.  later you discover your companions have all been killed, your leader also captured, and now the two of you plot to try and outwit them while taking another stroll through beautiful scenery.  (in fairness, the season isn't done yet)[SPOILER]2. in trekking in the general direction of the wildling girl you captured and let go, hoping she doesn't alert your enemy to your presence before you can find them, you discover you've been marked and, wisely, high tail it back the way you came.  your leader, with precise thinking, says if you are captured, you must yield and no matter what make them believe you are breaking your vows, so as to turn spy. grudgingly, you agree. despite your attempts to outrun them, you find yourselves cornered.  there's the girl (you've been secretly thinking about her, admit it) and a bunch of the enemy.  you follow the plan, switch sides. they want you to prove it.  and now your commander rushes you with his sword, playing a brilliant, worthy-of-Tyrion hand.I think a great deal of 1 worked well on screen, especially considering time constraints (and there's the added bonus of the grinding hips).  Yet.  Once, my professor asked: where is the action in a Victorian novel?  Mostly, it's in the dialogue.  And the sex is in the little details, like the sleeve that rides up and reveals the bare forearm.  Like I said, I enjoy the dialogue and much of it contains action.  However, sometimes I wish this season felt a little less like Pride and Prejudice and a little more like GOT.
					
					
							Edited by Eira Seren, 21 May 2012 - 03:14 AM.
273	insertname	2012-05-21	Ok, I was reserving judgement until now, but they officially botched Harrenhal by making Tywin look like a real fool. Why in seven hells would he just leave her there like that? Why does he make no connections to the assassination of Amory Lorch?
Whether I'm happy with the arya development will be decided with the last two episodes...
The chain will still come, don't worry.
Oh yeah, and I'm annoyed by the Talisa storyline. Apart from the obvious cheesy hollywood romance, how in seven hells does Catelyn allow Robb to act like that? After she has been arrested, fine, but she would have put a real stop to that from the moment she found out, with more than her stupid line of "I wish you could follow your heart" BS.
274	JW.	2012-05-21	6/10
Half of it was good, the other half was just subpar as usual for this season. Why release Jaime if they still think Bran/Rick are alive, it really makes little sense. Robb and Talisa, a romance plot straight out of a bad Ashton Kutcher romantic comedy. Harrenhall was fine this episode, atleast no last second assassinations.
Jon and Ygritte: Liking it so far, luckily we see the Halfhand is still alive and we be seeing that amazing scene later on. Rose Leslie is one of those actrices who has improved on the book's character, she is more likeable and still fierce and independant.
Stannis and Davos: Good scene aswell, although i still think that Stannis is a bit to like able.
Dany: What a load of sappy sh*t, i had to skip through most of it. So many of these scenes are just going nowhere at all, i started disliking the character around ADWD, but the creators of the show have managed to do so by the second season already. Quite the accomplishment.
Dinklage is the best part of the episode, as always. Oh, and Cersei finally is being like.. Cersei like, nice! I have been waiting eight episodes for those scenes and they finally decided to show us one, and it certainly didn't disapoint.
275	J_Crews	2012-05-21	Robb is a young, red-blooded man who, during a time of extreme self doubt and vulnerability, meets a beautiful yet mysterious young woman who shares his values of compassion and mercy. This woman has just poured her heart out to him, alone, in his tent. I don't think it that far-fetched to envision a scenario in which these two end up horizontal on the floor.I agree a kajillion percent
276	Ser Chuck	2012-05-21	I'm going with an 8, rather uneventful but very true to the books compared to the last few episodes. I feel like this one was tying up some loose ends and getting things back on track to the major plot lines from the original story in preparation for George RR Martin's epic bloodbath next week.
277	Michaelj	2012-05-21	I gave it an 8, not as good ad previous episodes but was still good.
278	The hairy bear	2012-05-21	7/10
IMHO; the problem with this episode was that it had to make up for the shortcomings of the previous ones. I think it's too late to have a scene explaining Stannis background and why he was at odds with Robert, or a scene with Robb remembering his father, or to introduce Talisa's background. Those scenes would have worked fine in previous episodes, but all together in a a single hour felt contrieved.
Still, the scene between Tyrion and Cersei was pure gold. One of the best actings from Peter and Lena so far.
279	TC_Chaos	2012-05-21	8/10
This episode was kind of boring. It's kind of hard to enjoy when you already know the plot. The last two scenes of Dany and Bran were emotional so it was a good ending for the episode. Well, next episode is gonna gonna have the most action so we'll all see, I guess.
280	Conchobar	2012-05-21	This is a 10 without any shade of doubt. Absolutely fulfilled.
281	ipsuel	2012-05-21	Score as a stand-alone TV show:7 .... As an adaptation:5   Ugh... last week I was scared the series was going downhill... after this episode, I'm even more concerned. Again I'll say that it's still a great show (better than most, so I'll continue to support it but the reason I wanted to watch the series was because I love the books/the story arcs/the characters humanity... One of the strongest points of his writing is that the characters motivations were identifiable to readers across the board, whether they be good, bad or ugly... they were human. The TV show is changing them... sometimes it works (I can see Catelyn releasing Jaime for her girls w/o knowing about her sons... ok, I can deal with that)... but sometimes it doesn't (Tyrion's chain is a physical representation of some of the motivation he has later in the books--its freaking important to the core of the character imo). So my concern is this -->  If the show is (imo) being dumbed down already--wth are they gonna do with ASoS/future books? I don't even want to think about it. This episode was less enjoyable to me than most, but there were points I really loved... and some I didn't. No question though, it's good TV.Cons... NO freaking chain...Robb's story altogether... No Weasel Soup... No Arya killing the guard (again, a motivation thing here imo)... Robb/Catelyn *not* finding out about Bran's/Rickon's "death" ... Talisa and all that BS (I can see Robb with Jeyne after being wounded/getting the news of Bran/Rickon--I can NOT see Robb fking up so badly just for a hot girl, even a nice one)...Dany... Glad they kicked up her story (it needed it) -- but her character, after Drogo died, is a con for me both in the shows/book. However, her need to proclaim she's magic/the dragons are her children... is just as silly as to me as Quaithe's TV mask...  both are more powerful w/o saying anything. Viewers aren't morons, we don't need everything spelled out. I don't mind Sam et al finding the obsidian -- but I do wonder when we're going to get some real focus on the Stark kids' abilities w/their wolves (Jon especially). I don't want it thrown on me in S3/4.. I want a little more build up. Oh yeah and plus... I freaking love Ghost haha--so that may just be my selfish 2cents :-)Maester L/Osha having tea in the crypts. Hmmm.. glad they're in the crypts... think its ridiculous that he can get in there unseen to have a little chat. Time/Scene management... Way too much time on Robb/Talisa imo. Seriously, I keep hearing ppl say "D&D can't fit in everything!"... but the reality is that some fabricated scenes are unnecessary and way too long. (Some created scenes are needed/loved the Robert scenes for instance in S1)... but many could be/should be cut.Pros...  The acting overall. These actors are doing a bang-up job... with a few exceptions, the casting is amazing imo! Jaime: He is doing such a great job in this role. I'm glad we got some extra scenes with him this year. Asha: I was one of the few ppl who LOVED the casting for Asha/Yara from jump... I feel a little vindicated now cuz the Asha/Theon story is quickly shaping up to be among viewers favorites... In my head, she is giving Asha the perfect vibe...Stannis/Davos: Wasn't sure about these 2 when cast--but I am quickly becoming a fan of their bro-mance, so to speak. Theon: What can I say. Last year I wondered if Alfie Allen could pull off Theon in future seasons. I no longer wonder... he is doing so freaking well. His ability to play 'emotionally desperate' is crazy good... he really conveys his naivete/desperation/false tough-guy bit well ..I'd love to see him be up for some awards this year!Overall... nice TV show but not what I, as a fan of the books, would like to see.
282	Greyjoy67	2012-05-21	7/10 for me, and I gave the last two episodes 9s. Basically, in building up for Blackwater, it seems like they're giving that episode all the big climaxes. They could have shifted Qhorin's death to this episode, or Dany 'finding her dragons' to this episode, or Stannis finally approaching the gates. There needed to be a more dynamic shift in the plot because this one just dragged and felt very flat compared to the last two. I thought the series was really shifting up a gear, but nah. I'm sure the next two will lift the excitement levels but this feels like an opportunity lost.
Good stuff: Asha's scene with Theon, Cersei's whore scene (ros wasnt even irritating in it), Stannis and Davos, Talisa's backstory (okay, its not in the books, and yeah, she's absolutely gorgeous, but it was nicely delivered), the short excerpt we got from Jaime and Brienne.
Not so good stuff: Why WAS the Jaime/Brienne excerpt so short? More please, longer scenes. Longer scenes all round, how much cutting do you need? Daenerys wasn't really needed in this episode - that two minute stint was a waste. Also, can they name Roose Bolton by name please? And at least give the brotherhood some screentime? Doesn't need to be long, and they wouldn't need to introduce a multitude of characters necessarily. Weasel soup out is a shame, it's pretty fun in the book if not essential. Whatever way they did it, it's a disappointing end to the Arya in Harrenhal arc I think. All that build up with her hanging round the castle for like four episodes but she then just... walks out? Hmmmmm. 
Still a high standard of acting as always blablabla, but this one did not get things moving as well as the last two episodes. Hopefully it's just an interlude, as disappointing as that sounds.
283	zippypoodle	2012-05-21	3/10. I wondered if this was unreasonably harsh so I watched a little of it again after dinner - nope, 3 is about right. Dull episode filled with bad writing and bad decisions. The corresponding parts of the book simply aren't this boring or this silly.Good: The chemistry between Dinklage and the actress who plays Cersei. I like her Cersei - more than I like the book Cersei. More human, less of a caricature.Bad: Everything else. Too much to list fully but among other things - I thought the invented Dany story-line was intended to inject a little excitement. Why is nothing happening? If nothing is happening, why take up screen time with her? Can't Catelyn even get the motive of learning that Bran and Rickon are dead before turning Jaime loose? It's almost like the writers knew their attempts to portray the boys as possibly dead in the last episode were so weak that they didn't even bother trying to fool Catelyn. When did Bronn the sellsword from the Vale become an expert on the psychology of cities under seige? Are Rattleshirt and his men all deaf? I know Qhorin is a ranger and not a spymaster, but discussing his secret plan with Jon in a normal tone of voice right in front of Rattleshirt's men before starting his fake fight just doesn't seem meant to convince. Nice scenery, though.Just a lot of nothing in one of the last episodes of the season. I wouldn't even have minded a dumb sex scene to liven things up - oh wait, we got one of those and got to see what Charlie Chaplin's great-granddaughter's butt looked like (quite nice), and it still didn't help. And I'm trying to keep an open mind about changes from the book but I can't think of any tonight that improved the story-telling in any way.May I suggest a third rewatch?
284	ipsuel	2012-05-21	Disagree about Robb and Talisa. The show version to me makes him seem like an even bigger selfish idiot. At least in teh books he was wounded and had just learned about Bran adn Rickon, so it made sense that he succumbed to temptation. Here, he admits he doesn't want to marry a Frey and then just sleeps with her after she tells a long story about her drowning brother.What gets me is that they still tried to play the "vulnerable/emotionally charged cuz we're talking about the death of a little boy" card.... I mean, wtf? Why not just go w/the original... Robb is vulnerable (they could leave out the wounded) and she helped him cope w/Bran and Rickon being killed? Why are they changing things for ultimately NO reason?
285	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-21	Too many scenes that didn't quite work for me, probably most disappointingly Brienne and Jaime, There didn't seem to be any chemistry, Nikolaj seeme to be going through the motions with his delivery. I blame the direction, because Nikolaj has delivered some great lines these past 2 seasons. Though that's their first scene together an perhaps there will be a chance for the chemistry to develop. It's an important relationship for Jaime.
So I guess some Stark loyalists will need to capture Jaime in order for him to lose his hand...or will it be the Brotherhood?
Jaqen and Arya will need to have one more scene, so Arya can unsay his name. I expect we'll see the coin and the face change then...we'd better or Arya's story will go 100% off the tracks. I didn't like the lead up to naming A man for death. It shouldn't have been Jaqen refusing to kill Tywin, regardless of the reason. Arya should have opened with the I need your help line.
I suppose they are rescuing Jon and Qhorin's story arc a bit. I still think it's crazy that Ghost has gone completely AWOL. But I do have a personal need for Qhorin to tell Jon what must be done.
The show also put the brakes on the season, slowing down the pace which didn;t quite work for me.
I did think Tyrion and Cersei worked well, and Theon / Asha was good. We all knew Robb / Talisa was coming so it was what it was. I think they got that entire thing wrong, but the error was in the original decision so what happened this episode is neither good nor bad, it just is the next logical step. Most of what happened in Winterfell was fine. Robb / Catelyn was OK. I do think it was a cop out not showing the manner of the escape, too much suspension of disbelief required to think they could slip out of the camp unnoticed for long enough for them to get a decent head start. I don't know whay they didn't have Jaime's captivity based based at Riverrun, given they marched right past it to get to the Westerlands, it's not like Hoster Tully would ever cave in to promises of gold for Jaime. Bad choice, and I can't think hiring another castle would be more expensive than having it all happen in an encampment.
Great to see Varys back in the picture, and good interactions with Tyrion.
Ros being used as the mistaken whore, expected and played well.
1 1/2 minutes of Dany and nothing really happens, pointless.
I was happy with Stannis and Davos, even though the scene was really only to remind the audience that they're there.
It sounds like I have mostly bad things to say about the show, but overall I still liked it well enough
Time is precious with only 10 episodes per season. I feel somewhat cheated by having "previously on GoT" eating up 2 minutes of airtime. That's 20 minutes of potential extra show content over the season lost from doing previouslies. :-( Not that this is unique to this episode, but I just haven;t felt like expressing it before.
7/10
286	Conchobar	2012-05-21	3/10. I wondered if this was unreasonably harsh so I watched a little of it again after dinner - nope, 3 is about right. Dull episode filled with bad writing and bad decisions. The corresponding parts of the book simply aren't this boring or this silly. Good: The chemistry between Dinklage and the actress who plays Cersei. I like her Cersei - more than I like the book Cersei. More human, less of a caricature. Bad: Everything else. Too much to list fully but among other things - I thought the invented Dany story-line was intended to inject a little excitement. Why is nothing happening? If nothing is happening, why take up screen time with her? Can't Catelyn even get the motive of learning that Bran and Rickon are dead before turning Jaime loose? It's almost like the writers knew their attempts to portray the boys as possibly dead in the last episode were so weak that they didn't even bother trying to fool Catelyn. When did Bronn the sellsword from the Vale become an expert on the psychology of cities under seige? Are Rattleshirt and his men all deaf? I know Qhorin is a ranger and not a spymaster, but discussing his secret plan with Jon in a normal tone of voice right in front of Rattleshirt's men before starting his fake fight just doesn't seem meant to convince. Nice scenery, though. Just a lot of nothing in one of the last episodes of the season. I wouldn't even have minded a dumb sex scene to liven things up - oh wait, we got one of those and got to see what Charlie Chaplin's great-granddaughter's butt looked like (quite nice), and it still didn't help. And I'm trying to keep an open mind about changes from the book but I can't think of any tonight that improved the story-telling in any way.#lol, man, you will never be happy. Just stick to the books and stop watching.I honestly don't understand people who pick and pull at the episode like you. I am just happy this adaption is being made at all.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 21 May 2012 - 06:35 AM.
287	ipsuel	2012-05-21	<snip>We all knew Robb / Talisa was coming so it was what it was. I think they got that entire thing wrong, but the error was in the original decision so what happened this episode is neither good nor bad, it just is the next logical step.<snip>You know what... you're 100% right. I'm gonna try to keep this in mind now. It was really irritating to me, the whole thing--but you're right in that the error was with the original decision... all they can do now is go with it and try to make it the best they can while keeping things on track. I think I will hate it a little less now... lol, thank you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
288	Conchobar	2012-05-21	Gave it an 8. It started at a 10:Stannis/Davos, we FINALLY get some good backstory on the whole Onion Knight thing. Thought that exchange was awesome. Tyrion/Cersei stuff was gold, and the Tyrion/Bronn/Varys exchanges were pretty funny. Best episode of the season for Asha/Yara. And as always, Alfie Allen is an amazing Theon and the unexpected highlight of the entire season for me. Bran's look at the end was heartbreaking. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I love the Brienne/Jaime stuff, great dialogue. I'm still not sure what to make of Talissa, but the Free Cities lore was neat and she is fucking hot. I liked how they brought Quorin back in the storyline, and Rattleshirt looks really, really cool. Liked that Sam found the dragonglass, too. Points off for three things:Half a point off for the disappointing end to Arya's stay in Harrenhall. I understand that a lot of it isn't vital to the overall plot, but I missed Jaqen's face change, the coin being given, the weasel soup, etc. I noticed episode 10 is caled Valar Morghulis, so hopefully this means we get some of that then. Half a point off for nobody actually learning about Bran and Rickon, particularly Catelyn and Robb. I can still buy that they both did what they did (releasing Jaime and forsaking a vow, respectively), but it took a lot of the emotional punch out of it. I'm honestly not sure why this decision was made, but oh well. The other point off for what I am legitimately pissed about - not revealing Tyrion's plan with the freaking chain! That thing does so much for saving the city, for giving Tyrion the credit he deserves from viewers/readers (but of course not from the citizens of Kings Landing), and there's not even a mention of it. What has he even really done? All I can think of is him taking Cersei's wildfire idea and doing it more, but other than that, nothing. This won't even seem like Tyrion's victory to the viewers! First thing that has really frustrated me during the entire series. One thing I didn't mention was Dany, and really I'm just meh at this point. Either go to the HotU or don't, but quit building it up so much. It better be really fucking awesome when we finally see it. I did like that Jorah mentioned the ship going to Astapor, but if Dany doesn't go get her stupid dragons next episode, then it'll have to be episode 10, and then she won't have time to meet Barristan at the docks, unless they're saving that for next season.I agree with this post. With the dissapointments.
289	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	As most weeks will testify, I have been pretty generous with my marks, usually ranging between 6 and 8. Therefore, I consider the following semi-rant to be somewhat justified, and is only partially affected by my bias towards the books.Firstly, I shall run through the plus points, sparse though they were.Varys and Tyrion and Cersei. All good, intense scenes. Lovely to see Varys back.Jaime and Brienne was fun to watch, even if I am seething at the reason he was let go.Blackwater will I imagine be a spectacle. I am looking forward to it.Now, my gripes. My general gripe is that not letting people know that Bran and Rickon are "dead" simply doesn't make sense. Why on earth did they keep it out of the plot? Let's put aside book purity here. Both Catelyn abd Robb have been made to look like weak individuals because of B+R's deaths not being revealed. Catelyn's treachery (and it is pretty much safe to call it treachery now) is now barely justifiable.As for Robb, what can you say? That whole scene I was literally saying aloud "don't do this, this is silly, this is silly, this is pointless". Why would the King in the North spend so much time with this girl? Why would they set up these rubbish one to one scenes? How can they not realise that the death of a young man's brothers would be a far more powerful emotional justification for him to break his solemn vow to the Freys rather than the mewings of an admittedly hot girl? It is just stupid beyond belief, and full of gaping plotholes. I understand a small part of this is based on my love of the books, but in one fell swoop they have simply rendered these characters far less sympathetic, and not more as they were clearly trying to do.Why on earth would Osha risk being out in the open? Seriously. Another idiotic plot hole. Following that, why would Luwin follow her down there when out of anyone in Winterfell, he is the one Theon would most likely keep the closest guard upon. This is just stupid plotting.Are the Wildings deaf? If not, how could they not hear Qhorin and Jon talking out loud, in the open?Daenerys scene was pointless.Arya's acting ability and characterisation is poorly served by the relative tameness of her escapades.Perhaps I need to watch it again with a less critical "book-centric" eye, but in all honesty, I don't think it would make a difference. The huge plot holes are not caused by the splits from the book, they are simply being caused by atrocious writing. A 3.
290	The Monkey	2012-05-21	Voted 8/10. Well acted as always.
Quite pissed at the lack of Weasel Soup, and no Arya killing the guard. Maybe she'll kill some one next episode, a man can hope.
I did like the Robb/Talisa scene. Some nice acting, but I don't understand why Robb (& Catelyn) haven't found out about Bran and Rickon's "death". That would have made Robb's mistake all the more powerful.
All Tyrion scenes were great, as were those in Winterfell.
It seems a bit stupid for Osha to just walk around in Winterfell, seems way too risky.
The Jon scenes were OK, but we seriously, we need Ghost. He was absent a lot in the book too, but never for this long. They've run out of direwolf CGI money, it seems.
291	Arkash	2012-05-21	Gave it an 8. Not a bad episode, just an episode of transition... and we had our first Jaime / Brienne scene, so... and dragonglass !
292	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	10/10. Best of the season so far. I just... wow. Blown away. It was perfect. 
"One game at a time, my friend."
293	Ser Graymax	2012-05-21	A 7 from me.
Great cast but wheres the fire and I dont mean pig sh*t.  They mostly seemed to be going through the motions, Theon excepted, waiting for next week and have most of this season.  More excitement (dont confuse this with action) in season 1 IMHO.
I fear the Blackwater will not be the epic we are expecting.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 21 May 2012 - 07:54 AM.
294	Ran	2012-05-21	I've gone with a 7 for this one. There were some very shoddy things -- Osha sneaking around in broad daylight, in the line of sight of Theon and Dagmer was terrible, terrible. I don't understand why Luwin has to know anything, but I have a suspicion that makes me kind of nervous. We'll see. There were other things that just ... don't really work for me. At the same time, all the actors seemed to have brought their A-games this episode, and there were enjoyable flashes of writing (and, at the same time, bits and pieces I don't understand their dropping... I mean:"Speak the name, and death will come. On the morrow, at the turn of the moon, a year from this day, it will come. A man does not fly like a bird, but one foot moves and then another and one day a man is there, and a king dies." He knelt beside her, so they were face-to-face, "A girl whispers if she fears to speak aloud. Whisper it now. Is it Joffrey?"Why not keep that? Instead it's something much less poetic and much less vivid. Sometimes they seem to have no poetry in their hearts.)Anyways, 7, I think. I wish it had been an 8, but it still seems to me that they're picked a few wrong choices in what to cut and what to keep.
295	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-21	8/10, solid but unspectacular.  In fact this is the first episode I can remember in the series without any "big" moments to speak of, and some key elements were obviously left out or put off until later.  But what was done, was done very well.  As others have pointed out, this is generally a slow part of the book so a slower episode could be expected.
- I've finally warmed all the way up to Robb/Talisa, even acknowledging the possibility that she is who she says she is.  The two have developed great chemistry and the love scene was the, erm, hottest in the series thus far by a wide margin.  Their dialogue leading up to the lovemaking was excellent as well.  This is a deviation from the books I can live with. 
- Asha/Theon was brilliantly played, and adds yet more layers of depth to Theon's story. 
- I'm fine with Catelyn's reasoning for releasing Jaime vs. what happened in the book.  All her children in danger/captivity + Jaime's life threatened = use her only bargaining chip while she could.  To me it made just as much sense as the book version. 
- Brienne and Jaime's interaction was entertaining and captured the spirit of their early banter in ASOS (although I was waiting for him to drop "wench" on her at least once!).
- All the stuff north of the Wall was great, a contrast (IMO) to last week's overlong, aimless time wasting.  Rattleshirt rocked it.  Qorin and Jon's interactions, however brief, were spot on with the spirit of the book.  It appears we'll get our pivotal scene after all.  Though I must be the umpteenth to ask - where is Ghost?  I'm hoping he'll at least show up to help Jon in the duel with Qorin.  Sam and Grenn finding the dragonglass cache was cool as hell - loved the stone with the cryptic First Men writing. 
- Arya's story was...ok.  I can live with no weasel soup.  I CANNOT live with no iron coin, face changing or valar morghulis.  Hopefully Jaqen will catch up with them down the road and we'll get that scene.  And yes, it's too bad Arya didn't get her first kill with the guardsman.  They're obviously taking a more subtle approach with her descent into cold blooded assassin mode.  Maybe their approach works better for TV.
- The KL stuff was fun, Tyrion/Bronn especially.  Tyrion/Cersei/Ros was excellent, and Tyrion/Shae was touching and very believable.  Dinklage is a brilliant actor.
- Not sure why the Dany/Jorah scene was even included; as brief as it was it just felt like filler.  I guess I was more disappointed that HotU didn't happen in this episode.  Hopefully that means the scene will be epic and will need a lot of screen time.  Fingers crossed.
- The final reveal was very anticlimactic; I would have much preferred we not find out until episode 10 that Bran and Rickon were still alive.  The scene itself felt a bit clumsy too, not a big fan of Luwin just moseying down into the crypts to talk to Osha - it makes the notion they could all hide down there less believable.
Blackwater looks epic and I cannot wait.
296	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-21	A solid seven. This one seemed to me like when the sea drains away before the tsunami hits the coast. Next week comes the bang. Merciful Gods, let it be a loud bang.
297	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	Their dialogue leading up to the lovemaking was excellent as wellNo. No it really wasn't."I don't want to marry a Frey"....*banging*
298	TheEvilKing	2012-05-21	I gave it a 6. Would have been a 7 but I really wanted to see Arya kill the guard in cold blood as I think it's a defining character moment for her. Feels like they chose the safe route. And I'm not usually one to complain about differences from the books.
Good stuff:
- Varys, and lots of him! That last scene with Tyrion was great.
- Stannis!
- The Winterfell storyline continues to be great, and nice to see Yara again.
- The guy that plays Roose is great and I fist-pump at every mention of his bastard.
- I think we all saw the Ros/Shae thing coming, but it was still a decent idea.
- Good that we're still getting scenes with the rest of the Night's Watch. I think that means we'll end the season on the three horns.
- The rest of the Harrenhal stuff was fine.
- Jaime/Brienne, hells yeah. Also liked Robb arresting Cat.
Bad stuff:
- Talisa's story seemed to go on for way too long.
- Shae is such a crappy actress.
299	Ruka	2012-05-21	As for Robb, what can you say? That whole scene I was literally saying aloud "don't do this, this is silly, this is silly, this is pointless". Why would the King in the North spend so much time with this girl? Why would they set up these rubbish one to one scenes? How can they not realise that the death of a young man's brothers would be a far more powerful emotional justification for him to break his solemn vow to the Freys rather than the mewings of an admittedly hot girl?I am not sure which book, or which show you watched but Robb never made a "solemn vow", he was told he would marry a Frey, if you rewatch the episode from season 1 it looks like he just sucked a lemon when he is told what the price of crossing the bridge is. He didn't like it then, he doesn't like the idea of some nameless faceless Frey as a wife and he is more than aware that the Late lord Frey is simply working to upjump his station by marrying off one of his eleventy bazzillion grand kids to a great lord.The entire north and the riverlands are aware that Walder Frey is a self centered old coot with more progeny than he can hope to marry off. Robb the lord of WInterfell didn't want to marry into that, nor does Robb the king.Talasia works just as well for me as does Jeyne, she is a noble, she is compassionate, she to Robb's mind is not just out to get a position in court or a pawn for her dodgey old lecherous grandfathers way to increase his standing. In fact I like the way they are playing it out. I hated that in the books GRRM just pops a bride on everyone, I thought it was a crappy way to reveal it, totally off camera and basically unexplained, at least in the series you see a woman that shows up, cares for the wounded, has a back story that shows why she would care for the wounded, and is hot enough to make the blood of a male boil if he was presented with some alone time and an untennable marriage situation.
300	iamsbee	2012-05-21	I left really disappointed, most to do with the Arya scenes as too much was cut out, no weael soup, no coin, no telling her the phase (well maybe they squeeze these in next week) and also Tyrion's role in the war is too reduced; u don't get to see just how integral he was in the whole defense planning.
A 7/10 for me at most.
301	ServantOnIce	2012-05-21	. Bad stuff: - Talisa's story seemed to go on for way too long. - Shae is such a crappy actress.Her acting career, let's just say is less than stellar and less than "challenging."  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
302	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-21	An 8/10, leaning more towards an 9 then a 7 though.
303	Conchobar	2012-05-21	I gave it a 6. Would have been a 7 but I really wanted to see Arya kill the guard in cold blood as I think it's a defining character moment for her. Feels like they chose the safe route. And I'm not usually one to complain about differences from the books. Good stuff: - Varys, and lots of him! That last scene with Tyrion was great. - Stannis! - The Winterfell storyline continues to be great, and nice to see Yara again. - The guy that plays Roose is great and I fist-pump at every mention of his bastard. - I think we all saw the Ros/Shae thing coming, but it was still a decent idea. - Good that we're still getting scenes with the rest of the Night's Watch. I think that means we'll end the season on the three horns. - The rest of the Harrenhal stuff was fine. - Jaime/Brienne, hells yeah. Also liked Robb arresting Cat. Bad stuff: - Talisa's story seemed to go on for way too long. - Shae is such a crappy actress.pornstar
304	Patchface12	2012-05-21	If anything Walder Frey would be even more slighted that Robb married some foreign girl than if he'd married Lannister bannermen. At least Jeyne Westerling was a Westerosi highborn.Even more-so, they make Talisa sound like she comes from a merchant's family. From LF's mention of the Gulltown Arryns who married into merchant families in Feast, it seems like merchants are looked down upon by Westerosi. Plus, she's a foreigner on top of that.Filch Walder Frey has far more reasons to be pissed at Robb than book Walder Frey.
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 21 May 2012 - 09:49 AM.
305	Ran	2012-05-21	ServantOnIce,Kekilli is one of Germany's leading actresses, with international film awards for her performances in Gegen di Wand and Die Fremde (the latter of which was Germany's Oscar submission for the 83rd Academy Awards). Don't have to be coy about the fact that you seem to think that the fact that she did some porn films in her early years, but to pretend that that defines her is rather stupid.Frankly, she's better than the material the writers are giving her this season -- such a waste. I think they genuinely thought they could build Shae into some thing quite different, meriting an actress of her caliber... but they've dropped the ball this season, just leaving her an inexplicable enigma with almost nothing to do except be a cipher. And the sad thing is, I can't see them having time in the next two seasons to address their failure to justify the changes they've made without scanting other important areas.
306	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	I am not sure which book, or which show you watched but Robb never made a "solemn vow", he was told he would marry a Frey, if you rewatch the episode from season 1 it looks like he just sucked a lemon when he is told what the price of crossing the bridge is. He didn't like it then, he doesn't like the idea of some nameless faceless Frey as a wife and he is more than aware that the Late lord Frey is simply working to upjump his station by marrying off one of his eleventy bazzillion grand kids to a great lordIn order to pass through the Twins, Robb vowed to marry a Frey. It was as close to a vow as it gets really. How much he wanted to do it is somewhat irrelevant really, but by doing so it showed us two things.1. He understands the vital importance of the Freys.2. He is willing to make necessary sacrifices, the kind that the Warden of the North must undertake in order to rule with honour and decency.If Robb didn't vow to marry a Frey, how did he pass through the Twins? The point I'm making is that his reasoning behind breaking the agreement/vow with the Freys is now inherently flawed, and paints him as little more than a whiny little douche. I'm sure I'm not the only one who sympathised with Robb when he told Catelyn why he married Jeyne in the books. He was distraught at the death of his brothers, and did not want to dishonour Jeyne by nobbing her and then simply moving on. Compare this with "omg ur rly sweet and honrble becoz u r nt lyk uva nobl girlz pls u hve a gd ass". He's throwing away his kingdom for no other reason than his wish to get his dick wet.The entire north and the riverlands are aware that Walder Frey is a self centered old coot with more progeny than he can hope to marry off. Robb the lord of WInterfell didn't want to marry into that, nor does Robb the king. Talasia works just as well for me as does Jeyne, she is a noble, she is compassionate, she to Robb's mind is not just out to get a position in court or a pawn for her dodgey old lecherous grandfathers way to increase his standing. In fact I like the way they are playing it out. I hated that in the books GRRM just pops a bride on everyone, I thought it was a crappy way to reveal it, totally off camera and basically unexplained, at least in the series you see a woman that shows up, cares for the wounded, has a back story that shows why she would care for the wounded, and is hot enough to make the blood of a male boil if he was presented with some alone time and an untennable marriage situation.I imagine most people out there have had the chance to hook up with someone they felt was hot, but the circumstances surrounding said hot individual were not great. Most of us as a result would probably, you know, not go there. We are just normal laypeople, and still exerted this thing called willpower. Book Robb had a genuine emotional reason to go there with Jeyne, show Robb is almost impossible to sympathise with on this issue, especially considering what he has to lose by doing what he does. Honestly the whole Robb+ Tulisa/Jeyne thing could not have been more poorly scripted and plotted.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 21 May 2012 - 09:53 AM.
307	akajea	2012-05-21	1.They ruined Arya.Theon and "Yara"... hmm... "Cunt again? It was odd how men like Suggs used that word to demean women when it was the only part of a woman they valued." - Asha Greyjoy.Tyrion and his stupid whore - It works in the books as Tyrion's patheticity is actually emphasized. In the show however, he is portrayed as a handsome badass, so his falling in love with a whore just makes no fucking sense. Wasted screentime.Robb and Talisa/Jeyne - Boring dialogue and a sex scene. Made Robb even stupider than he was in the books. At least in the books he had a reason, here it's just hormones which is funny because his actor isn't even a teenager like in the books.The last scene with Luwin, Osha, Bran and Rickon was great. I can't remember any other good parts beyond that though, as my mind is clouded by their destruction of Arya.EDIT: Oh yeah, I liked Stannis and Davos. They've been good this season. These two good scenes can raise my score to a 1.1.
					
					
							Edited by akajea, 21 May 2012 - 10:29 AM.
308	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-21	I just realized something.  I remember thinking that last night's episode ended on kind of a weak note, but then remembered that, because I had read the books, I already knew that the two corpses in Winterfell weren't Bran and Rickon.  So any element of surprise/relief in that final scene just wasn't there for me because I never really feared for the two youngest Stark children.  In some ways, reading the books detracts from the show because I know what happens next.  In other ways, however, it builds suspense because I can't wait to see how they portray certain events from the written story to the screen.  (I can't wait to see how House of the Undying is portrayed for example.)  This is probably a different thread altogether though!
309	Boondoggle	2012-05-21	The weakest episode of the entire series to this point....no iron coin or the phase of "valar morghulis", are you serious!
The iron coin and valar morghulis is absolutely pivotal to Ayra's future travels! Not to mention her killing of a guard when they escape.
No chain...are you kidding me! Again, another important strategic stroke of genius by Tyrion to defend King's Landing from Stannis' assault from the river.
310	rmholt	2012-05-21	The weakest episode of the entire series to this point....no iron coin or the phase of "valar morghulis", are you serious! The iron coin and valar morghulis is absolutely pivotal to Ayra's future travels! Not to mention her killing of a guard when they escape. No chain...are you kidding me! Again, another important strategic stroke of genius by Tyrion to defend King's Landing from Stannis' assault from the river.I like this post because you seem like the kind of guy who is going to continue to enjoy the emotional roller coasters you are going to have
311	Patchface12	2012-05-21	The last episode of the season is titled "Valar Morghulis." I don't think Jaqen is done just yet.
I liked Arya's scenes with Tywin, and I didn't mind the changes in her storyline until we get to Amory Lorch's over the top death scene. I'm not happy about them cutting out Weasel soup, but I understand why they cut it. The fact that Roose Bolton and Vargo Hoat held Harrenhal at some point in the books are ultimately meaningless to the final outcome of the story, so they just skip over it to Clegane having it from then on.
I still think/hope they'll have Vargo Hoat next season. He and the Bloody Mummers just seem too important to be done away with.
312	Ruka	2012-05-21	In order to pass through the Twins, Robb vowed to marry a Frey. It was as close to a vow as it gets really. How much he wanted to do it is somewhat irrelevant really, but by doing so it showed us two things. 1. He understands the vital importance of the Freys. 2. He is willing to make necessary sacrifices, the kind that the Warden of the North must undertake in order to rule with honour and decency. If Robb didn't vow to marry a Frey, how did he pass through the Twins? The point I'm making is that his reasoning behind breaking the agreement/vow with the Freys is now inherently flawed, and paints him as little more than a whiny little douche. I'm sure I'm not the only one who sympathised with Robb when he told Catelyn why he married Jeyne in the books. He was distraught at the death of his brothers, and did not want to dishonour Jeyne by nobbing her and then simply moving on. Compare this with "omg ur rly sweet and honrble becoz u r nt lyk uva nobl girlz pls u hve a gd ass". He's throwing away his kingdom for no other reason than his wish to get his dick wet. I imagine most people out there have had the chance to hook up with someone they felt was hot, but the circumstances surrounding said hot individual were not great. Most of us as a result would probably, you know, not go there. We are just normal laypeople, and still exerted this thing called willpower. Book Robb had a genuine emotional reason to go there with Jeyne, show Robb is almost impossible to sympathise with on this issue, especially considering what he has to lose by doing what he does. Honestly the whole Robb+ Tulisa/Jeyne thing could not have been more poorly scripted and plotted.Call me a romantic, I like the idea that Robb actually formed a semi on camera relationship with a female, then had a moment of realization that he would rather not marry an as to yet, un-named, anywhere from 12 to 70 year old Frey that he can't name, never met, hasn't spied through the grape vine doesn't care about.You seriously would rather he go with the florence nightengale/porn scenario where he accidentaly throws his caring nurse in the weeds in a fit of remorse over his 2 dead brothers in a milk of the poppy enduced haze? compared to him forming an actual relationship  where he talks to a girl with a clear head and finds that she has a brain, has compassion for others and might actually like him too?  How many thousands of stories are out there of people going against their "normal" behavior for "love"you like the book version where 2 dead brothers + drug haze = sexI like the TV version where long walks on the beach + conversations + like interests = sex. either way, sex and the following actions will cause trouble.
313	xanmcgregor	2012-05-21	Good scene with Davos and Stannis. Shows their characters, Stannis fair, Davos loyal.
314	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	Call me a romantic, I like the idea that Robb actually formed a semi on camera relationship with a female,Why does it have to be "on-camera"? I've never understood this need for everyone to understand and see everything that goes on. One of the great strengths of ACOK was the lack of Robb, not because I dislike the character and so forth, but because there was always a degree of tension to be maintained through having him away from the narrative directly. Catelyn's fears for him were ours, and I was always interested to hear what was going on in the West, but I didn't need to see it.then had a moment of realization that he would rather not marry an as to yet, un-named, anywhere from 12 to 70 year old Frey that he can't name, never met, hasn't spied through the grape vine doesn't care about.I've already noted that I sympathise with Robb. However, the reason for him betraying his word to the Freys and momentarily shirking his responsiblities as King of the North and the son of a respected man in Ned Stark should be stronger than him wanting to get his dick wet. You seriously would rather he go with the florence nightengale/porn scenario where he accidentaly throws his caring nurse in the weeds in a fit of remorse over his 2 dead brothers in a milk of the poppy enduced haze?Is it said he was under the influence of the Poppy in the books? I'll read through later, but I always felt that he was injured at the Crag, cared for by Jeyne for a period, before falling into her arms following him finding out about Bran and Rickon. That really doesn't fit a porn scenario for me. Maybe I'm visiting the wrong sites.compared to him forming an actual relationship where he talks to a girl with a clear head and finds that she has a brain, has compassion for others and might actually like him too?As is implied in the books. Just because you're not shown it directly, doesn't mean it didn't happen.How many thousands of stories are out there of people going against their "normal" behavior for "love" you like the book version where 2 dead brothers + drug haze = sex I like the TV version where long walks on the beach + conversations + like interests = sex. either way, sex and the following actions will cause trouble.I'm able to contextualise and judge poor writing and scripting as such.
315	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-21	Only gave this episode an 8, sadly. Far too much Robb and Talisa, and not enough Dany or Sansa. Personally I don't have a problem with the show's changes to Jeyne... But I do find her interactions with Robb to be, so far, the weakest (by far) part of the show. Talisa will be more interesting in season 3, I expect.
Anyway, Robb and Talisa really slowed the episode down for me. They could have spent that time developing Sandor and Sansa in time for their scene at the Blackwater. Or they could have done more with Dany's story, which is going to seem quite rushed in episode 10.
I loved the Jaime/Brienne scene, Stannis/Davos, Arya's scene ("A man can go kill himself" - best line of the episode for me!), Dany's short scene ("What of my magic?"), and all the Tyrion scenes.
316	BlackTalon	2012-05-21	Points off because of the missing guard and iron coin scene, no "a man has to die now" scene and Talisa's hopelessly overblown "the childhood experience that made me want to be a medic" exposition.
Episode seemed a bit lame and dialogue heavy overall, but as has been mentioned before that is actually pretty much was the book was like, so I canÂ´t really complain.
I am not so sure about Kekilli just not being given the right lines to work with ... plus her accent grates even on my fellow-German ears. Good thing Wlaschiha apparently more than makes up for it (especially in the female viewerÂ´s eyes, it seems).
No outrageously stupid stuff like we have had to suffer before. i can live with Cat freeing Jaime before the news of RickonÂ´s and BranÂ´s "death", no really that important IMHO.
Bonus points for Oona ChaplinÂ´s ass. Wow. Seriously, wow.
8/10.
317	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Only gave this episode an 8, sadly. Far too much Robb and Talisa, and not enough Dany or Sansa. Personally I don't have a problem with the show's changes to Jeyne... But I do find her interactions with Robb to be, so far, the weakest (by far) part of the show. Talisa will be more interesting in season 3, I expect. Anyway, Robb and Talisa really slowed the episode down for me. They could have spent that time developing Sandor and Sansa in time for their scene at the Blackwater.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry that you are upset that the show writers rightly chose to put more emphasis on developing a critical plot element instead of fickle flames of fanficky flibbertidgets.  How the King in the North and Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Starkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heir came to lose is head is only about a vigitillion times more important than some icky and stoopeed Harlequin SanSan romance fantasy. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be really unhappy if theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d made the contrary decision.
318	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Points off because of the missing guard and iron coin scene, no "a man has to die now" sceneImpatient, much?  Arya gets her coin and Jaqen does his shape-change in the final episode, not in the antepenultimate one. You gotsta save the magic for the end.Bonus points for Oona ChaplinÂ´s ass. Wow. Seriously, wow. 8/10.Nice. And welcome to the poohberty channel.Now, where was that adults-only forum when you need it?
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 12:29 PM.
319	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-21	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry that you are upset that the show writers rightly chose to put more emphasis on developing a critical plot element instead of fickle flames of fanficky flibbertidgets.  How the King in the North and Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Starkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heir came to lose is head is only about a vigitillion times more important than some icky and stoopeed Harlequin SanSan romance fantasy. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be really unhappy if theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d made the contrary decision. What? When did I say that Robb and Talisa was not significant? All I said was that the scenes were awful and go against everything we know about ASOIAF. Jeyne was just a plot device in the books, and whilst I prefer Talisa by far, I'm not exactly impressed that these awful scenes are taking air-time from other scenes I'd rather be watching. Robb will (most likely) be dead by the end of next season anyway, making Sansa a much, much more significant character. But as I've said, I really wouldn't care that Robb is getting more scenes if they were, you know, actually good.There's really no need to be rude. I've been a big defender of the show, but I'm not going to lie and pretend that the Robb and Talisa scenes are good when they're by far the weakest part of the show -- I still cringe thinking back to their first scene in episode four.
320	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	What? When did I say that Robb and Talisa was not significant? All I said was that the scenes were awful and go against everything we know about ASOIAF. Jeyne was just a plot device in the books, and whilst I prefer Talisa by far, I'm not exactly impressed that these awful scenes are taking air-time from other scenes I'd rather be watching.I read you as saying youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d rather watch cheezy SanSan fanfic than Robb. If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not what you meant, then fine.
321	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-21	I read you as saying youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d rather watch cheezy SanSan fanfic than Robb. If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not what you meant, then fine.Well it would hardly be fic, would it? SanSan scenes are actually, you know, in the book. Robb and Talisa's scenes are the only "cheezy fanfic" in the show (although the whitewashing of Tyrion is pretty much fanfiction at this point).
322	BlackTalon	2012-05-21	Nice. And welcome to the poohberty channel. Now, where was that adults-only forum when you need it?I apologize for my remark not being "uplifting" enough for you ... /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  and with you already so beset by the lack of "upliftingness" in ASOIAF ...
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 21 May 2012 - 12:57 PM.
323	Chelly	2012-05-21	It was a good episode, but not as good as some of the other ones this season even though this episode did have some great moments.
Jaime/Brienne - great casting, great chemistry. Jaime's snarky, rude comments were perfectly delivered, as was Brienne's "I'm too mature to retaliate but you're really pissing me off" vibe.
Davos/Stannis - Stannis deadpan about eating on the animals at the siege on Storm's End had me rolling. Him declaring that he plans to make Davos his Hand was such a lovely moment between the two.
Asha/Theon - I like Asha shedding some of her tough, badass exterior because she really does care and does not want to see Theon die. I think it adds some depth to her.
I was disappointed about the lack of Dany time too. I just don't want the HoTU to be rushed, That's all.
324	White Raven	2012-05-21	8/10
Finally screen time for Varys again, woohoo!
Scenes I like:
Tyrion/Bronn/Varys and Maester Chabaladooshie (or whatever his name was)
Tyrion/Varys
Arya/Jaqen
Arya/Gendry/Hot Pie
Theon/Asha
Jaime/Brienne
Stannis/Davos
Osha and Maester Luwin in the crypts (I hope they will not kill Maester Luwin in the show)
					
					
							Edited by White Raven, 21 May 2012 - 01:08 PM.
325	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	I gave it a 5, probably one of my least favorite episodes.
Tyrion/Cersei is getting old.  Everyone is so nonchalant for Stannis' arrival.
I didn't like that Tywin singled out his cupbearer in front of his generals, c'mon she's a freakin servant. 
Catelyn letting Jamie go without at least some recognition of the vows she made him say BEFORE she heard about Bran and Rickon is just too much. 
The lack of airtime to display the importance of the direwolves is astounding.  Why even show them at all?  Where is Grey wind, where the $(#^U&P%$!!!  is Ghost?
326	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-21	Yet again I gave it an 8. And yet again it is 8-9 as TV show GoT and 5-6 as a book adaptation. Anyway, quality of the show is pretty even which is good.
As the show progresses I am more and  more pissed that they  stuffed the book in 10 episodes . Even the titles of the episodes have no meaning - Prince of Winterfell...wyeah right...and we see Winterfell for about 2 minutes (ok its a couple more but you know what I mean)
Now I kind of get it why they hooked Robb with this Volantis chick instead of Jane Westerling..so the TV audience can see him falling for her..etc BTW they have casted the actress quite good...good looking but not to lose kingdom for. But her back-story is dumb.
However, this girl in the tv show looks like a character who would stop Robb from giving up his kingdom and breaking his word to Freys.
While Robb in the books could never leave Jane Wetserling from poor but noble house after he "defiled her /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> "
Yet again I had to endure Asha/Yara Greyjoy. and it was excruciating. Instead of fierce, charming warrior character we got this dumb bully of a character. I laughed when she yelled and....silence filled the room....I mean..who is scared of big bad Yara ?
327	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-21	I give it a 1 for the scene where Rickard Karstark swears by the Father!
p.s. Too bad for the Iron coin - Valar Morghulis part.
328	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-21	# lol, man, you will never be happy. Just stick to the books and stop watching. I honestly don't understand people who pick and pull at the episode like you. I am just happy this adaption is being made at all.I guess people who pick and pull at the episode are similar to football fans like Martin - I assume he'll be rooting for the Jets this year, though they produced an 8-8 mediocrity of a season last year. We're fans of the story, we're interested in the show, we see good things and bad things, and we want them to do better - but calling them good when they're bad is sort of like calling the Jets good last year, or pretending Mark Sanchez was a quality QB, etc. Being a fan doesn't mean being uncritical or blind to what's glaringly bad - and there was a lot of glaringly bad in this episode for me.In turn, I'm not sure why some who love the performance of the show have difficulty accepting the views of those who don't.
329	kephv	2012-05-21	7. Might've given it an 8 if the Harrenhal escape hadn't been so lackluster or the Robb and Talisa scenes so terrible. I really wish they would've limited Robb a lot more this season like in the books, using the time to focus on more important characters. Seems the only time we see Robb was to have him slapping hands with his soldiers or carrying on his sappy romance with Talisa.
Also, Jon is a moron and his storyline stretches the limits of believability beyond a breaking point. I also hate how they ruined Stannis making Davos hand. In the books it was a powerful scene (Davos: Your lords will never obey me. Stannis: Then we'll make new lords), but here it's just sort of a offhand remark, a sort of "by the way, you're going to be my hand if we get through this."
The dialogue between Jaqen and Arya was great (Maisie needs an Emmy), for the most part, but I missed some good lines they didn't include. Tyrion and Bronn and Varys was a great dynamic as well, though Tyrion's another character whose intelligence has taken a hit. Jaime/Brienne made off to a good start - he better call her wench sometime soon, though. I did like the little bit between Yara and Theon; it was a great scene between those two. The added bit about her wanting to strangle him as a baby was a nice addition. The look on Theon's face and his reaction to her words there were great -- Alfie Allen continues to impress. Since this was basically just the set up episode for the BW, hopefully next week's episode delivers greatly.
330	Aemon Stark	2012-05-21	I thought this episode dragged a bit (oddly mostly in some of the Tyrion scenes), but still gave it an 8. 
I'm continuing to love every moment of Theon's ill-conceived conquest of Winterfell. The Asha scenes worked very well - "Yara" or not, I think they've captured the character well as someone who both exudes authority and charisma while not quite having the "iron" heart of some of her family members. 
As for Robb, I remain convinced that Talisa is Jeyne, her story about Volantis notwithstanding (as a side note, I really loved Volantis as a setting in Dance, so it was cool to hear some exposition about it here). At this point, Robb has merely had sex with her - breaking the marriage pact isn't really effected by having an affair. And Jaime and Brienne!! 
But somehow that first scene with Tyrion and Bronn dragged. I'm not sure why - maybe it was the directing or just the speed of the dialogue, but it felt too long. Ditto for the Tyrion/Cersei scene. Generally speaking these scenes have been among the most effective, so I'm not sure what happened this week. 
Dany/Jorah was okay, but I'd be fine if they just left her aside for an episode rather than a token appearance. Onward to the Houses of the Undying. 
Arya's "third name" was pretty good, and I expect that the last episode title indicates that we haven't yet seen the last of Jaqen. Tywin's remark about her is something of a re-working of what Bolton says when he makes her his cupbearer. I just read the Weasel soup chapter the other day - it's good, but I honestly don't understand why everyone seems so worked up about that change. 
Stannis and Davos are great as ever. Looking forward to next week!
Lastly, if I could make one change from the book, I'd spare Maester Luwin. I always felt his death before and if it happens this time it will be much worse I fear. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
331	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	p.s. Too bad for the Iron coin - Valar Morghulis part.Yeah, and too bad it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t in episode three, too. So? Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s your point?  The reveal of Jaqen as a facechanger is absolutely a final episode thing, not an antepenultimate episode thing.
332	The Ragged Man	2012-05-21	I gave it an 8 - 6 for the episode, +1 for Talisa, and +1 for Roz.
333	tripleseq	2012-05-21	Sort of boring. Much of this season seems to be waiting for something to happen.Yes, there's so much quality in the book that they've left out it makes you wonder why they felt compelled to put so much filler in.  Also, they've rearranged the narrative to no benefit in some way that make the character's confusing, and less real.For example, in the books Catelyn releases Jamie and Robb has his affair both while the are in shock over the news of the death of Bran and Rickon at Theon's hands.  So, in effect they both betray the war effort in the desperation of grief.Instead, in the show Catelyn does it out of some desperate gamble and Robb out of pure lust.  I don't see why they had to make that plot/character change.
334	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-21	Yeah, and too bad it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t in episode three, too. So? Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s your point? The reveal of Jaqen as a facechanger is absolutely a final episode thing, not an antepenultimate episode thing.You're lying to yourself if you think you'll ever see Jaquen again this season!
335	summer_stark	2012-05-21	where the $(#^U&P%$!!! is Ghost?a thousand times THIS.
336	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	You're lying to yourself if you think you'll ever see Jaquen again this season!I suggest you read the description of Episode 10 closely.
337	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-21	I suggest you read the description of Episode 10 closely.Valar Morghulis is not tied to Arya.But let's just say Jaquen turns back after Arya, to give her the coin, to tell her the words. Wouldn't this be stupid?!Why would he do that? Why would he care? He paid his debt, he owes her nothing. What? Is he in love with her? Does he feel the need to protect her? Why would he return?If he does feel the need to protect her, why not take her home or to her brother? Why just give her a coin and tell her 2 words?It makes no sense that he would do that.Ofcourse, now that I think about it, you may be right. Seeing as how Greatjon Umber shouts in the first season loud and clear for everyone to hear  that "even their gods are wrong" and Rickard Karstark tells us now that he would cut his heart out and give it to the Father, the deity Greatjon said was wrong, it makes absolute sense that Jaquen would return.It hurts my brain to know that the Karstarks, descendents of Starks and of the first men, lords of Karhold, a really NORTHERN castle, bow down to the Seven and not the Old Gods.p.s. The taking of Harrenhall by lord Bolton's men was one of my favourite scenes in the books. It showed how Arya evolved, going from child to grownup.When she first asked Jaquen to kill the first 2 guys, she acted like a child. She could have asked him to kill lord Tywin and some other 2 important dudes and end the war. But she acted like a child and gave in to her rage, didn't think clear and gave the wrong orders.And that's about her last mistake in the books. From that point on, Arya becomes an extremely interesting character, very badass, very complex. When I read the fith book and found out how she killed that guy she was supposed to kill, it made me extremely happy. That act alone was more "kill the boy and let the man be born" than anything Jon ever did. Now Arya is a smart, mature, extremely dangerous character.She is the biggest threat to every character in the book.It's just my oppinion. You may not agree.
					
					
							Edited by TheRiderThatMounts, 21 May 2012 - 03:22 PM.
338	kephv	2012-05-21	You're lying to yourself if you think you'll ever see Jaquen again this season!
	Spoiler  He'll be in the last episode titled Valar Morghulis. The description for it states that Jaqen gives Arya a gift.
339	Davos55	2012-05-21	I gave it a 7.  This was a "calm before the storm" episode that had some great moments, and some missteps in my opinion.
Pros:
-Theon's storyline continues to impress, and Asha/Yara was great this episode..a considerable improvement over earlier in the season for sure
-Tyrion and Cersei's conversation was very well done, and Ros actually had a very relevant scene which I can't even complain about..I had a feeling she would be the one that Cersei would get to..but it was still a good scene
-Varys returned finally..and Hot Pie
-Roose Bolton is great
-I was glad to see Stannis and Davos back, and enjoyed the exposition and background info here for the Onion Knight..but I didn't care for Stannis asking Davos to be his hand in that situation
Cons:
- Jon's changed storyline still pales in comparison to the novel in my eyes
-The romance between Robb and what's her face is just too cheesy for me and took up way too much time this episode
-Dany's scene was not really necessary..I would like to see her start to develop more
Decent episode..I can't wait for Sunday though!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 21 May 2012 - 03:24 PM.
340	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	Tyrion awakens to a changed situation. King Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects. As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; Jon proves himself to Qhorin.Seeing as we didn't see anything beyond them approaching the gate, perhaps letting the story play out would be a good idea.As for Karstark's line that has you upset, I'm 99% sure it was intended to show how distraught he is over his sons' deaths, not that he is actually a follower of the Seven.
341	duncanthemedium	2012-05-21	Gave it a 9.
 First off, to all the haters, remember this is not a book where your imagination and the author's words can give you limitless possibilities. I am so sorry that you do not like the way the show is turning out, but please be more articulate and discerning when assessing this TV SHOW (NOT A BOOK!!!) because it makes me feel guilty for absolutely LOVING the show, as if its some kind of a betrayal. I love the books, and I love the show and to me they are separate media with their own conventions and imperatives.
This episode was absolutely amazing. Remember, even the books are not all about the action. Its also about the 'games' that characters play off each other. I was gonna call the Theon/Asha scene followed by the Tyrion/Bronn scene a 'one-two punch of excellence' but then we got Arya/Jaqen, Tyrion/Varys, Tyrion/Cersei, Davos/Stannis and finally Robb/Hotness, and I was completely blown away by the writing. The adaptation from the books, the emotional and character build up, spot on! Absolutely spot on! Great building of anticipation for next week (and the promo looks amazing!) I am hoping it would be the 10/10 that I am saving for it since the beginning of the season.
 It might be a general american audience thing, where people get bored with character development and lack of action (I know its not the case with people who love GOOD fantasy/sci-fi) but some of the comments here just dont figure for me. I loved all the one-on-one character interactions (save maybe the Shae scene).
Next week, Blackwater Bay, welcome to the world!!!
342	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	You're lying to yourself if you think you'll ever see Jaquen again this season!Am I now? No one less than Tom Wlaschiha  himself reports:
	Spoiler My role a magical assassin called Jaqen H'ghar and he mainly interacts with Arya, the little stark girl, and he is a teacher. What I liked about that character is that at the beginning he appears as one of the bad guys because he is introduced as an assassin but he turns out to be more her teacher and helps her to kill off her enemies. And I got to shape-shift which was great - it was my first shape-shift on screen (laughs).
Next time you accuse someone of lying, check your sources first. Otherwise you look like a real <INSERT CRUDE  PEJORATIVE>.Thanks in advance for your apology.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 03:29 PM.
343	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-21	Spoiler  He'll be in the last episode titled Valar Morghulis. The description for it states that Jaqen gives Arya a gift.
They called the first episode of the season "The North Remembers". And I ask you: WHAT?That they killed Ned? THOSE BASTARDS!No, that's not what the north really remembers. The North really remembers the Red Wedding. That's what the North remembers.Like I said before, I don't think Valar Morghulis is tied to Arya. If I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I explained in the previous post why it doesn't make sense to me to see Jaquen run after Arya.
344	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-21	Gave it a 9.First off, to all the haters, remember this is not a book where your imagination and the author's words can give you limitless possibilities. I am so sorry that you do not like the way the show is turning out, but please be more articulate and discerning when assessing this TV SHOW (NOT A BOOK!!!) because it makes me feel guilty for absolutely LOVING the show, as if its some kind of a betrayal. I love the books, and I love the show and to me they are separate media with their own conventions and imperatives.You know, you're right.A tvshow has to spend money to create scenes. A writer just spends ink.I hoped to see Robb destroy the westerlands. All I saw was him flirting with some unknown chick and then doing her. I guess it would have cost too much for her to be called Jeyne Westerling and be the daughter of a Lord from the Westerlands.I hoped to see the Bloody Mummers. Instead they killed the Tickler, cutting out Arya's best scene. It would have cost them a hell of a lot of money to kill off some other randon dude and not the Tickler.I hoped to see the lord of Casterly Rock and learn more about the character. I hoped to see lord Tywin. Instead I saw an old grandfather, telling stories to some unknown serving girl like the good old chap he is. It costs a lot of money to present Tywin Lannister as Tywin Lannister and not Bill Cosby.Lastly, I wanted for the show to pay attention at least at the minor details, those details that actually cost nothing.What did I get?Rickard Karstark saying he wants to cut out his heart and give it to the Father. It would have bankrupted the show if he had said "The Old Gods" instead of "The Father".I understant that there are some things that a tvshow can not show. I understand that there are things that need changing.I don't understant why they have to screw up so much!Season 1 was awesome. It was at least 10 times better than this one.Judging from the point of view of a book reader.Judging from the point of view of someone who hasn't read the books, both seasons are awesome.It's a great show but it could have been better. Some things they should not have changed.And, CrypticWeirwood, if they really do bring Jaquen back and make him into a pussy, then they only ruin another character.But I'm really sure it will be epic to see some guy run after a young girle and give her an iron coin."Hey, wait! You left before a man could give you a coin. Here, and Valar Morghulis. Oh... a man just deserted from a Lannister army but no problem. It's not like a Mountain is still here hunting for outlaws. Let a man just change a face."Can you taste the epicness?!
345	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	You know, you're right.A tvshow has to spend money to create scenes. A writer just spends ink.I hoped to see Robb destroy the westerlands. All I saw was him flirting with some unknown chick and then doing her. I guess it would have cost too much for her to be called Jeyne Westerling and be the daughter of a Lord from the Westerlands.I hoped to see the Bloody Mummers. Instead they killed the Tickler, cutting out Arya's best scene. It would have cost them a hell of a lot of money to kill off some other randon dude and not the Tickler.I hoped to see the lord of Casterly Rock and learn more about the character. I hoped to see lord Tywin. Instead I saw an old grandfather, telling stories to some unknown serving girl like the good old chap he is. It costs a lot of money to present Tywin Lannister as Tywin Lannister and not Bill Cosby.Lastly, I wanted for the show to pay attention at least at the minor details, those details that actually cost nothing.What did I get?Rickard Karstark saying he wants to cut out his heart and give it to the Father. It would have bankrupted the show if he had said "The Old Gods" instead of "The Father".I understant that there are some things that a tvshow can not show. I understand that there are things that need changing.I don't understant why they have to screw up so much!Season 1 was awesome. It was at least 10 times better than this one.Judging from the point of view of a book reader.Judging from the point of view of someone who hasn't read the books, both seasons are awesome.It's a great show but it could have been better. Some things they should not have changed.And, CrypticWeirwood, if they really do bring Jaquen back and make him into a pussy, then they only ruin another character.But I'm really sure it will be epic to see some guy run after a young girle and give her an iron coin."Hey, wait! You left before a man could give you a coin. Here, and Valar Morghulis. Oh... a man just deserted from a Lannister army but no problem. It's not like a Mountain is still here hunting for outlaws. Let a man just change a face."Can you taste the epicness?!The producers did manage to epically pussify jon snow.  So that had to add to your enjoyment.
346	Leto Atreides	2012-05-21	Another 6 from me.
Like in the previous episode, only Theon's storyline is still somewhat accurate.
347	Roly	2012-05-21	4/10
Arya: Story Butchered. tywin situation not making any sense. no soup, no bolton, no coin, no epic losing innocence due to murder. 
Cat: No riverrun, no hearing of Bran and rickons death, not making any sense. a nice rounded character got flatted. 
Danny: um.. yea - lets get to that house of the undying part next season, yes?
Jon: four scenes of plain soap opera. not getting on with the story. not building towards halfhads climax. blah.
Tyrion: no chain-strategy to date. no reason to react to the whore-swap. half-baked at best.
bran: no jojen - no biggie. why drop out the dreams? why not build this character? he is more of a liability 'till now.
overall - the show is doing a bad job for the past three weeks at least (if not the whole season). for a book adaptation it is sloppy at best, dropping out awesome parts and replacing them with pointless sex and cheap drama (too much telling, not enough SHOWING, ya know?). 
when considered on its own terms, as if the books aren't there to guide it: a generic soap-opera with a dazzling coat of paint. worst pacing i have ever on hbo. looks like a million dollars, but slow and lacks intelligence and/or soul.
all you people that agree with this (and i read your reviews and know that a lot of you see eye to eye with me on all of the above) and still give it an 8/9 - well... lets get our proportions straight: 8-10 is community-level wit, six-feet-under deepness, soparnos coolness-factor. 8-10 is GOOD TELEVISION. something that season is simply not.
348	Dacie	2012-05-21	8/10
Really liked this episode. Better than the previous two IMO.
349	kaukula	2012-05-21	lol with weasel soup. that scene is completely irrelevant. did any one of you actually watch the show? robb stark's army is all together, there is no separate part of the army commanded by bolton who could come over and take harrenhall. since no one can take harenhall (which they would anyway soon abandon next season), there is no point in lannisters losing control over it. hence there is no need for stupid weasel soup.
arya did what she needed to do this season, and that was to escape from the lannisters. mission accomplished.
and btw, entire arya's storyline in ACOK actually makes much more sense in the tv show compared to the book original. it was too convulted with her being servant for the lannisters, then orchestrating coupe to take over the castle, then being cupbearer for bolton, then never revealing her identity to northerners, then killing her own allied soldier (I know that bolton was already traitor at the time, but she did not know that) to escape. honestly it was a mess. it is easier to follow what is going on this way, you know, just like it should be in a freaking TV show.
350	Ran	2012-05-21	Her storyline is easier to follow, maybe, but that's because it's not a very good storyline. Her narrative has been in stasis since episode 4. All those Tywin scenes? Nothing happened, in a thematic sense, for her character. Great writing and acting exercises, but not actually important. The complicated narrative at Harrenhal in the novels is far more interesting and has a great deal of impact on Arya's development.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 21 May 2012 - 06:09 PM.
351	kaukula	2012-05-21	far more interesting and much harder to follow for a wide audience. and TV shows are made for wide audiences, not for us the no lifers who read all books 8 times and now have to complain about stupid details.
I loved every scene with tywin and arya. I don't understand what kind of progress was she supposed to make while being in a lion's den? her "tightrope walk" relationship with lord tywin must have been very interesting for everyone who did not read books. she could have made a mistake and be revealed at any time. hell, she could have even tried to kill him like in that teaser scene with a knife behind his back. it was exciting. and that is what TV shows are all about.
352	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-21	A 9 for me.  I no longer care about being faithful to the books - I'm on a re-read now and have just got to 'Dance', and on the second time around, I'm actually finding more flaws with the over-bloated plotlines in any case.  So much can be pared back and that's what the show is doing.  I have no problem with it, and duncanthemedium has said all I want to say, anyway.  I also loved the character interchanges this week.  The opener with Yara and Theon set the bar.I just knocked off a point for the Robb/Talisa scene, which dragged just a wee bit for me. All in all the episode felt like a placeholder, of course, but it was so well presented that I didn't feel the lack of forward action.And a nod to the books, for me personally: I am so glad Grenn and Sam unearthed that horn with the dragon-glass - because I still reckon it's the true Horn of Winter, and still believe it after a second read of the novels. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Onto Blackwater....
353	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-21	The progress was her internal development, her fear, her anger, her loneliness, and her desperation, her need for vengeance, all leading to becoming more more inured to violence and killing, to the point she can casually kill without feeling anything.  
Now ask yourself, does this shows version of Arya show any of those characteristics?  This showArya is playing a game, the bookArya was playing for keeps.
354	pleonasm	2012-05-21	I wish we had a dedicated Season 2 thread to discuss, but Benioff and Weiss need to be taken out to the woodshed for some of the season long plotting and story decisions. Some of them are just awful.
Yes - Harrenhal probably needed to be streamlined for a 10 episode television season, but as I and others have pointed out, there was absolutely no payoff for three straight weeks of Tywin and Arya scenes. None at all! This truly was Arya's Haunted Harrenhal Vacation. What a wasted opportunity.
Qarth is dreadful. Talisa and Robb are so forgettable. And yes everything is building to the battle at Blackwater, but something suggesting some sort of urgency in Kings Landing would have been nice. Tyrion is reading a book about siege warfare the day before a siege? *shakes head in disbelief*
A big fat 4 out of 10. I am being generous.
355	kaukula	2012-05-21	you don't seriously expect a 10-year old girl to slid someone's throat in cold blood in american TV show do you?
her character will have plenty of time to become darker in 3rd season when she is a bit older, and when she learns about all deaths in her family. right now, she is homeless little girl on the run, not a killing machine in the making.
btw I agree about the Horn of Winter. the fact they bothered to show a horn being discovered with obsidian blades could be a major spoiler for the future.
					
					
							Edited by kaukula, 21 May 2012 - 06:22 PM.
356	Kvothe the Arcane	2012-05-21	People need to calm down and judge the show in the long run, yes it is irritating at times when they omit what we see as important character developments, but we do not know for sure yet if they have not just moved them. Remember that Arya murdering a guard could easily happen in season 3 of the show, which quite frankly, they will need to beef out as they cannot do a whole series of her in the wilderness before meeting Beric. They can easily have a scene where Arya kills a Lannister scout or to that effect.
I am not a particular fan of Talisa (mostly as the name Tulisa is just polluted in my mind as synonymous with terrible music, other British people will know what I'm saying), but she is still fulfilling the role of Jeyne Westerling from the books, as long as the role is fulfilled in the general character arc, ie. Robb betraying the Freys then I think it is fine, I mean Jeyne or the Westerlings were hardly the most important characters, the importance came from what Robb does and the consequences of his actions.
I am disappointed Stannis hasn't been given more screentime this season though, given his importance, he isn't really coming across as much of a threat even now when he's sailing, The Kings Landing scenes were far too calm, I hope they build this siege up a hell of a lot in the next episode before any fighting begins. I would guess that that is their plan as any serious tension this week would be mostly forgotten in the wake of what would therefore be pointless violence.
All in all, whilst I agree this season has not been as spectacular as the first, I think its ridiculous to write the whole show off based on character story arc changes that have not been completed yet on screen, judge the arc at its end not the middle!
					
					
							Edited by A Knight Without Honour, 21 May 2012 - 06:58 PM.
357	Liathano	2012-05-21	I was pretty disappointed. I'm kind of over the show now, so much of the tv additions are just stupid. Like that extended wahfest scene between Robb and his new love interest. Even my non-reader flatmates cringed the whole time. And my flatmates are so confused about the Brotherhood without banners. One reckons he knows who they are but he actually doesn't. And I'm now so confused I'm not sure if maybe they've rewritten them so I can't explain them to my flatmates without confusing them more. They think the brotherhood are who has been killing all the people :facepalm: I tried explaining that's not it but I confused them even more. 
Was hoping for more action, but just got a whole lot of boring. It should've picked up by now 4/10 from me.
358	Morrigan	2012-05-21	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry that you are upset that the show writers rightly chose to put more emphasis on developing a critical plot element instead of fickle flames of fanficky flibbertidgets. How the King in the North and Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Starkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heir came to lose is head is only about a vigitillion times more important than some icky and stoopeed Harlequin SanSan romance fantasy. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be really unhappy if theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d made the contrary decision.Pretty damn ironic post considering the Robb romance is nothing more than fanfiction from D&D...you don't seriously expect a 10-year old girl to slid someone's throat in cold blood in american TV show do you?And why the hell not? Whatever happened to "it's not TV, it's HBO"? Also, if you ever watched the Wire, remember Bodie, Poot and Wallace. Arya slitting a guy's throat to escape from a dangerous place is tame compared to that.
359	rumple9	2012-05-21	Gave it a 9 - good dialogue and this episode starts to tie threads together. Probably the best of the series so far, although I agree with the previous poster that series 1 was much better, but reading the books after Game of Thrones its all downhill so nothing to be surprised about.
360	birdsong66	2012-05-21	5/10.I'm feeling generous, but my number kinda represents the entire season for me, not simply this particular episode.  Call me a "purist," but I don't remember being terribly bored  reading ACoK.  As always, YMMV.And can we just start calling Robb by his rightful name...Honeybadger?  Cause he just don't give a..... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
361	Akisut84	2012-05-21	Mixed feelings again. I gave it a 6. So many things are missing and so many things are there what should not be there. I won`t go into details because the previous comments did that pretty well. I spoke to people who did not read the books and they all loved every episodes of the second series so far. I feel a little bit sorry for them though. They think this is great but they don`t realize that they would have had a so much better experience if they had read the books first. Watching the second series would never give me the same feelings as reading COK did. Alright it might be because I know the story but then why did I enjoy the first series so much?!
362	Wyman_Manderly	2012-05-21	had spoilers
					
					
							Edited by Wyman_Manderly, 21 May 2012 - 08:15 PM.
363	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-21	I voted 7 but it's more like a 7.5. Of course, I notice I almost always change my mind when I watch the episode for the second time. I continue to hate the Jeyne/Talisa-Robb thing. They just do not have chemistry. And why in the hell would a chick's story about her brother drowning and then not drowing be a turn on? Seriously, that gets your motor running Robb?
I loved just about everything else but shoehorning in a Dany scene at the end wasn't needed. They could have put that in the next episode and expanded it a bit. Putting it at the end after so much almost felt like "Oh yes, and here's Dany" even though I doubt anyone would forget what was going on.
And Sam was back! Woo-hoo for my favorite bookworm!
Overall, I think the season is way more interesting than the book was. ACOK is my least favorite of the 5 and it's the one I remember the least about and it took me the longest to get through.
364	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Certainly one of this yearâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seriesâ<U+0080><U+0099> best episodes so far.  Its only demerits earned in Qarth (of course and alas!), and perhaps in the wintry ultramural zone (read: beyond the Wall). It wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t explosive, but next episode will have plenty of bang to make up for that.  Nicely quiet, in  a way.How many ravens died in the making of this production?Sure is hard to see a white wolf in an all-white landscape.  His camouflage was so good, I never saw him once.Pity Jon isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a real skinchanger yet, or heâ<U+0080><U+0099>dâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been able to have Ghost fetch help, or even go scouting for him so he wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t caught.  Or send ravens with spoken messages the way the singers used to.  I guess Bran hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t opened Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s third eye yet, though.  Dang it.I thought Rattleshirt was scrawny, like Varymyr?  Hm.The dialogue â<U+0080><U+0094> perhaps the chemistry? â<U+0080><U+0094> of Jaime and Brienne, were really great. I liked the scenery there, plus the little touch that Brienne was the white knight with the white horse, not the erstwhile bearer of the white cloak.Ser Kevan! Ser Kevan!I so want an all-Varys show.  He so rocks. Watch that manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s face! And he never did answer Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s question about what he wants.Glad Bronnâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lack of goldcloak garb was finally explained.I felt really sad for Tyrion, knowing whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s doing to happen.Varys trying to imagine the Mad Kingletâ<U+0080><U+0099>s boasts. Precious.Tyrion bonding with Varys, nice.Robb and Cat were really good.  I kinda wish Cat had spoken up for herself more, accused Karstark of plotting treason.  But Cat did well.  Thank goodness she has the acting chops for the rA´le.You wonder what wheels are spinning round and round in Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cool head. Good solution to the problem of there no longer being a northern army force held prisoner at Harranhal for Arya to bust out: since they werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t there, she just busts out on her own.  Jaqen was good as always, although a bit less than omnipotent this time.  Still awesome.  Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for his on-screen shapechange in the last episode.Robb and Talissa were good.  This really needed to happen; the bookâ<U+0080><U+0099>s whole post-facto uxor ex machina thing just never worked for me.  You can tell sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hiding a lot in her expressions; quality acting work there. Finally sex that isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t quasi-rape. Havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seen two people actually enjoying each other since Loras and Renly, which was the only other time itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seemed genuine.Arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Volantenes blond Andals not olivine Rhoynish?  Hm.Asha looked kinda, dunno, well-nourished for an ironborn raider. I wonder how theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll keep Gemma around for when the Feast and Storm story elements ultimately arise.Dagmer the no-longer-Cleftjaw still had no dialogue with anybody else.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s starting to annoy me.  Can they even see him? He is such a creep; anybody matched up his eyes with Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s?  Glad that most of the ironborn get slain when the Dreadforces get there. Wonder whether Dagmer will get his then?  Or whether heâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll just disappear in a puff of never-saw-me smoke. Hm.We know with certainty that the Horn that Sam found with the obsidian weaponry has meaning beyond the episode, but for the books and the entire story as well. They forgot that the cloak should have fallen apart in rotted tatters if it were really old.  Or maybe it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t old.The camera work was good; lots of nice backgrounds, integrated VFX, and natural lighting.The music was just right, not intrusive.  I think I miss Marillion.  Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for Mance â<U+0080><U+0094> and Abel.Pod sure had a funny looking face. Weird.Stannis is awesome. This is the Stannis who was meant to be, the one Martin called the nearest thing to a hero the series has. Shame about the cats, though.Jaime has a cute American accent, sometimes.  And Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s is improving.We see Cersei rising to her level of incompetence, and overreaching. Lena Headey has quite a range as an actress, not single-noted like Asha.  Wish we saw more of that from anguished Cat; I know Fairley has it in her.The Mad Kinglet better have a change of plastic underpants ready.  Make that two. How nobody can laugh at him I have no idea.Poor, poor Ros!  Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget me, indeed. Almost an in-joke there. The actress did well here. Just the right amount of her, too.And Luwin!  I nearly cried tears of joy.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take Luwinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life in exchange for early appearances of the spaced-out swamp-twins any day.Nine.  A solid nine.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not perfect, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pretty damned good. 
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 08:18 PM.
365	DirePenguin	2012-05-21	3/10.
Especially Robb's part. His relationship with Talisa felt kinda cute before this epsiode. But this? It's gotten ridiculous. Robb's leading a war. And all we're seeing is him riding horse relaxing in a forest and talk away with Talisa. They should have focused on the war . . . not a "proper little lady" going naked in a tent, in a middle of a military camp like that.
Why are all "proper" lady in this season all so shameless about sex?
					
					
							Edited by DirePenguin, 21 May 2012 - 08:40 PM.
366	MegasAV	2012-05-21	Rated a six, just like the whole season a mixed bag.  I love the production, scenery acting for the most part, it's just the changes make no sense at all.  Robb's storyline has been butchered, how can he possibly behead Lord Karstark in the future, when he was completely in agreement with him and against his mother's decision.  Moreover Jon this season as many other poster have mentioned comes off as a complete buffoon, moreover they wait until episode eight to fill the viewer in on Lord Stannis's backstory, and raising Davos to hand of the King was just so anti-climactic. 
I really wanted to enjoy this season as much as the first, and in many ways it's superior in terms of production values, musical score etc, but in the storytelling the first was much more enjoyable IMO.
367	redriver	2012-05-21	9.49999
So many good lines.
368	House Balstroko	2012-05-21	One of the strongest episodes this season. All scenes were rather well exexcuted and there wasn't a single one that irked me.Theon/Yara had their strongest moment yetI was sceptical about Jon's scene, but I think its now back on track with Qhorin pushing him down.Jaime's escape hapenned earlier then expected , but the scene was well executed. The absence of Cleos isn't an issue at all since he gets killed later on.Talissa provided much needed information about the free CitiesCersei/Tyrion scene was fantastic with cersei being back to her old self.Varys makes a welcome returnI'm not sure how Arya's story will play out, but I'm hoping that we'll still see the takeover of Harrenhal  next episode. As for those afraid about the lack of Jaqen here's a preview of ep 10 from IGN."As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; and Jon proves himself to Qhorin."So I think her escape from Harrenhal won't happen until the end, and maybe we'll get to see her stab the guard before making her escape with Gendry and Hot Pie.
369	7V3N	2012-05-21	Ok, so Arya wants Tywin dead--Jaqen says no. She asks for help escaping--Jaqen says no. She threatens to say the name Jaqen--Jaqen helps. Ummm..... screw escaping you idiot, if you can force him to help you then get him to kill Tywin! The book version made much more sense, not to mention it was much cooler and more exciting.
EDIT: Does it need to be said? "Yara" sucks. I want my sexy pirate babe Asha.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 21 May 2012 - 09:42 PM.
370	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Does it need to be said? "Yara" sucks. I want my sexy pirate babe Asha.She is who she is, and who she was.  She was portrayed as particularly attractive.  Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been reading too much fanfic.  Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just fine.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 09:54 PM.
371	LordofWinter	2012-05-21	Saving her daughters is reason enough to free Jaime, Um.....actually no. That's why it doesn't happen until then. IIRC cat had been at riverrun for a little while before she finds out about bran/rickon. It's that news coupled with her father's impending death that pits her over the edge. The 'death' of the boys and her ensuing grief are the only things that help justify such a careless move on her part to the reader.
372	7V3N	2012-05-21	She is who she is, and who she was. She was portrayed as particularly attractive. Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been reading too much fanfic. Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just fine.What fanfic have I read? I would love to know, since it has slipped my mind.I can look past her bland looks and her lack of expression, but her acting just isn't arousing. There is no emotion. If she was just set to stay a very minor character, I would be okay. But she is set to become a bigger character with more screen time. This actress (Watson, I think) just won't be able to handle the role that we have seen someone like Alfie Allen step up to and own (IMO).
373	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	What fanfic have I read? I would love to know, since it has slipped my mind. I can look past her bland looks and her lack of expression, but her acting just isn't arousing. There is no emotion. If she was just set to stay a very minor character, I would be okay. But she is set to become a bigger character with more screen time. This actress (Watson, I think) just won't be able to handle the role that we have seen someone like Alfie Allen step up to and own (IMO).Her name is Gemma Whelan, and yeah, I found her acting in her earlier episodes single-noted. It was better this time. Yes, she is supposed to have a bigger rA´le once they start rolling in material from Feast or Dance in the fifth season or perhaps more probably, fourth.
374	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-21	I gave it a 1. I'm done with the show.  Until it returns to the greatness of season 1 and sticks to the books again I'm giving every episode a 1 or 2....
375	Howdyphillip	2012-05-21	I gave it a 1. I'm done with the show. Until it returns to the greatness of season 1 and sticks to the books again I'm giving every episode a 1 or 2....That will teach them... keep watching a show you obviously hate so you can post bad things about it on a random fan site on the internet. They will surely get what's coming to them then.It has actually been hard reading and posting in this show forum. Every week, I turn on my television, and watch some of the greatest television ever made tell my all time favorite story, and I am as exited as an 8 year old fan boy. I then open up the forum, and read about how all of these people think it is nothing but a pile of dung. I have a severe disconnect with this. I think it is cool when people point out the differences in the books and show. They are at some place vastly different, but to say this show is "horrible", or that they "ruined" your favorite character is just laughable to me. I then read the same peoples vile and hatred on threads from the first episode to this one, and realize that these very same people who are lamenting the show have faithfully tuned in every week to watch. I find that telling. Some people just enjoy complaining. I have my own opinions also of what I liked and disliked about each episode, and I enjoy reading about other peoples ideas as well. All I am saying is that the backlash and vitriol against this show is not warranted. I personally was more upset by the changes made in the LotR movies in plot, characters and tone yet they are still some of my all time favorite films for what they are.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 21 May 2012 - 10:41 PM.
376	Patchface Is AA Reborn	2012-05-21	Could those who hate the show please tell me what shows on tv you are watching that are better than this or that make this show look like crap. If you only want to judge the show as an adaptation thats completely within your right, but to equate that to the show being bad is insane. The proof of the quaility is in the ratings which are phenominal, and more importantly for me is the fact that the people who are actually paid to critique tv shows love the series. Reading some of these comments you would think that the show is on the verge of being cancelled. We are all biased and we all love the novels, but lets remember that bad adaptation =/= bad television. (I do not beleive that this is a bad adaptation for what is worth)
377	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-21	Seven Hells!! Wrong Thread.  Oops!
I gave it 8 and looking forward to GRRM's script.
					
					
							Edited by The Knight of Flours, 21 May 2012 - 11:42 PM.
378	timo19	2012-05-21	A bore, gets a 4. Can only hope GRRM brings in a 10 next week
379	pleonasm	2012-05-21	Could those who hate the show please tell me what shows on tv you are watching that are better than this or that make this show look like crap. If you only want to judge the show as an adaptation thats completely within your right, but to equate that to the show being bad is insane. The proof of the quaility is in the ratings which are phenominal, and more importantly for me is the fact that the people who are actually paid to critique tv shows love the series. Reading some of these comments you would think that the show is on the verge of being cancelled. We are all biased and we all love the novels, but lets remember that bad adaptation =/= bad television. (I do not beleive that this is a bad adaptation for what is worth)No one hates it, well some may, but I think most of us who have been critical are mostly disapointed. The disapointment can be grouped into two categories... its not great dramatic television. Watch some classic Mad Men, Wire, Breaking Bad, or the Sopranos to see some nuanced amazing characters and storytelling. GOT has been good (see "Balon" from last year), but its not yet great. The writers seem overwhelmed with the multitude of storylines this year. The episode quality is really varied and its odd given that typically tv shows hit their stride in their 2nd and 3rd seasons.The 2nd complaint is related to some poor decision making and choices in the writing room. Where they have shifted away from Martin's source material for inexplicable reasons. Most of us wouldn't care if the change was cause of cost or it would eat up too much time to explain, but alot of changes this year are inexplicable (Catelyn's motivation for freeing Jamie as an example. Martin's original is much more dramatically rich than their invented reason).And while the critics are following the series I wouldn't say its universally loved. Its tracked and recapped because it has a fanatical following, but I haven't seen a critic yet who has put it at the top of the tv must see list (typically reserved for Parks and Rec, Community, Breaking Bad, Mad Men, etc...).And btw the ratings are good, but not phenominal. True Blood scores much higher for HBO. And GOT has pretty much flatlined, while most successful HBO series typically grow throughout the season. We should see a spike for the last two episodes, but they could be better.
380	Howdyphillip	2012-05-22	while the critics are following the series I wouldn't say its universally loved. Its tracked and recapped because it has a fanatical following, but I haven't seen a critic yet who has put it at the top of the tv must see list (typically reserved for Parks and Rec, Community, Breaking Bad, Mad Men, etc...). And btw the ratings are good, but not phenominal. True Blood scores much higher for HBO. And GOT has pretty much flatlined, while most successful HBO series typically grow throughout the season. We should see a spike for the last two episodes, but they could be better.First of all, I didn't highlight the first part of your post, but I just wanted you to know that I thought it was eloquently put as for some of the reasons that you question the writing in places. I make note and compare as well, and I do believe that some of the changes aren't as good as what I read in the books. The Bran story arc is one of them.That said, This TV series IS universally loved by critics and audiences alike. Not only is it the highest rated scripted show on a cable channel right now, but it has also been showered in awards. A show doesn't win Emmys and Golden Globes without being an incredible hit with the critics. I have personally seen hundreds of critics put it as the finest show on TV over the shows that you named.http://www.nydailyne...ksEnabled=falseNY times giving the highest scripted episodic television ranking on the best shows on TV this week.
381	Eira Seren	2012-05-22	lol with weasel soup. that scene is completely irrelevant. did any one of you actually watch the show? robb stark's army is all together, there is no separate part of the army commanded by bolton who could come over and take harrenhall. since no one can take harenhall (which they would anyway soon abandon next season), there is no point in lannisters losing control over it. hence there is no need for stupid weasel soup. arya did what she needed to do this season, and that was to escape from the lannisters. mission accomplished. and btw, entire arya's storyline in ACOK actually makes much more sense in the tv show compared to the book original. it was too convulted with her being servant for the lannisters, then orchestrating coupe to take over the castle, then being cupbearer for bolton, then never revealing her identity to northerners, then killing her own allied soldier (I know that bolton was already traitor at the time, but she did not know that) to escape. honestly it was a mess. it is easier to follow what is going on this way, you know, just like it should be in a freaking TV show.Her storyline is easier to follow, maybe, but that's because it's not a very good storyline. Her narrative has been in stasis since episode 4. All those Tywin scenes? Nothing happened, in a thematic sense, for her character. Great writing and acting exercises, but not actually important. The complicated narrative at Harrenhal in the novels is far more interesting and has a great deal of impact on Arya's development.i agree somewhat that the simplification of the Harrenhall storyline is easier to follow.  however, is it necessary to axe all the complication?  do we feel that way because it is tv (and therefore entertainment, and should not be at all complicated because simple is nice and doesn't require anything of the viewers?)  i recall lots of twists and turns in season 1 that worked very well, and kept the suspense and tension, something i think i'm missing this season.  there are plenty of opportunities, they just seem to slip away.  for instance, do any of us think that Dany would dither around while someone has her dragons?  maybe season 1 Dany, who is more careful, waits and plans, knowing how powerless she is (though is also sometimes impusive).  But not this season's character.  Whenever she doesn't get the answer she wants, she's all up in people's faces, spouting some nonsense about blood and fire.  do we buy that maybe she is finally starting to learn? (btw, not sure if this is the kind of 'complication' i'm looking for as a viewer).  wonder what will occur in subsequent seasons when the writers encounter what GRRM calls his problem of the "Meerenese Knot."  But perhaps they can sort that out for us.you don't seriously expect a 10-year old girl to slid someone's throat in cold blood in american TV show do you? her character will have plenty of time to become darker in 3rd season when she is a bit older, and when she learns about all deaths in her family. . . .well, actually. . .  we saw a 10 year old boy get shoved out a tower window at the end of S1E1.  We saw an adolescent point a crossbow at a whore and command her to sadistically beat another woman.  Arya begins the book series at 9.  The children's ages have been advanced for the show, and Arya is older than showBran (he's 10), making her an adolescent in the show.  She has also already lost those close to her, including family: Nymeria, Mycah, Lady, Jory, Syrio, her father, Yoren.  She's seen a kid roughly her own age killed out of hand by soldiers on the road, and she's also stabbed at least one boy in season 1.  Not to mention she's been naming names. . .  So yes, maybe I did rather expect it.
					
					
							Edited by Eira Seren, 22 May 2012 - 01:50 AM.
382	tripleseq	2012-05-22	Valar Morghulis is not tied to Arya.But let's just say Jaquen turns back after Arya, to give her the coin, to tell her the words. Wouldn't this be stupid?!Why would he do that? Why would he care? He paid his debt, he owes her nothing. What? Is he in love with her? Does he feel the need to protect her? Why would he return?If he does feel the need to protect her, why not take her home or to her brother? Why just give her a coin and tell her 2 words?It makes no sense that he would do that.It does make sense that he would do that.  She hasn't taken the name back yet.
383	tripleseq	2012-05-22	The last episode of the season is titled "Valar Morghulis." I don't think Jaqen is done just yet. I liked Arya's scenes with Tywin, and I didn't mind the changes in her storyline until we get to Amory Lorch's over the top death scene. I'm not happy about them cutting out Weasel soup, but I understand why they cut it. The fact that Roose Bolton and Vargo Hoat held Harrenhal at some point in the books are ultimately meaningless to the final outcome of the story, so they just skip over it to Clegane having it from then on. I still think/hope they'll have Vargo Hoat next season. He and the Bloody Mummers just seem too important to be done away with.Agreed, Valar Morghulis is too big to cut out especially when they have a episode named that.  I'm hoping that the reason we haven't seen Ramsay Bolton is because Cillian Murphy will be playing him but that is a stretch, not because Cillian is too expensive for this show, but because of the size of Ramsay's role.   Maybe Cillian will head home to spend some time with family and film this thing /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ... fingers crossed.
384	summer_stark	2012-05-22	First of all, I didn't highlight the first part of your post, but I just wanted you to know that I thought it was eloquently put as for some of the reasons that you question the writing in places. I make note and compare as well, and I do believe that some of the changes aren't as good as what I read in the books. The Bran story arc is one of them. That said, This TV series IS universally loved by critics and audiences alike. Not only is it the highest rated scripted show on a cable channel right now, but it has also been showered in awards. A show doesn't win Emmys and Golden Globes without being an incredible hit with the critics. I have personally seen hundreds of critics put it as the finest show on TV over the shows that you named. http://www.nydailyne...ksEnabled=false NY times giving the highest scripted episodic television ranking on the best shows on TV this week.it's definitely not universally loved by critics, especially not by the New York Times (see e.g., http://tv.nytimes.co...nes-on-hbo.html).  The link you gave us was the NY Daily News -- not the NYT by a long shot.  the NYT has been anti GOT from day one -- many critics and viewers love it (me included), but saying it is universally loved is just false -- to be universally loved is to be loved by all -- nothing is universally loved. universally means by everyone in every case.  just sayin...
385	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-05-22	I'd gave it 8 - a plausible episode, not a great one, but not something outraging either.My 20 cents summary:Rorge and Biter are just LAME! They should be the scariest monsters of the ACOK, but they are just average bully and his moronic sidekick. No Weasel Soup for you, also.Jaime escapes before ASOS... OK fine, I can live with this - at least his conversations with Brienne are laughable.Rattleshirt was styled according to the book, no complains here.I think Hot Pie is the best actor out of the Harrenhall trio (Arya/Gendry/HP)... And once again - the guy who's playing Ser Gregor is SO wrong for his character.Tyrion and Bronn are continuing their Stoogies show - always there to save the day!All this Talysa stuff is just so unnecessary - even a viewer with an IQ of Hodor will understand by now that she is Jaine Westerling, so why giving her SOOOOOO much screentime?And last one bit - Theon considering giving money to the man whose children he just butchered... /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
386	rmholt	2012-05-22	! Season 1 was awesome. It was at least 10 times better than this one. Judging from the point of view of a book reader.GoT was much simpler and straightforward.  A lot more going on and a set up for Blackwater and for the next book, MHO
387	rmholt	2012-05-22	Jaqen and Arya will need to have one more scene, so Arya can unsay his name. I expect we'll see the coin and the face change then...we'd better or Arya's story will go 100% off the tracks. I didn't like the lead up to naming A man for death. It shouldn't have been Jaqen refusing to kill Tywin, regardless of the reason.  7/10Jaqen would have killed Tywin - but he couldnt do it in time to stop him from stoppiing Robb so Arya made the better choice.
388	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-22	The fact that Roose Bolton and Vargo Hoat held Harrenhal at some point in the books are ultimately meaninglessI hope you all realize that the fact that Bolton's army was separated from Robb's led to him betraying the Starks.In Harrenhall Bolton was KING! With Robb he is just another lord. In Harrenhall he answered to no one. With Robb it would be really hard for him to send messages and communicate with the Lannisters. Bolton taking Harrenhall was the key to him betraying the Starks.I don't get the producers. I feel they're making fun of us, making fun of the books.Do they want to create their own unique show? Maybe they want to make something original. I don't get them.Why kill Irri when Doreah dies in the books?Why kill Rhakaro when he could have easily been replaced. The book clearely says that the guy changes, grows taller and brawnier. I understand the actor left for another movie, but why kill of the character?Didn't the same thing happen to Gregor Clegane? And they just replaced the actor. What the hell?!Why create all this drama with Daeneris? The things she did in the books were supposed to show us how she evolves from a beggar queen to a conqueror. Was dragonnapping really necessary?Why make Robb and Jon look childish when these two characters mature in the second book, becoming men?!Why make Tywin Lannister look like an old grandfather?Where is the Greatjon?!Why kill the Tickler?Where are Jojen and Meera?And, finally, why is Rickard Karstark swearing by the father?(this gives me headaches)I feel like the producers are giving me a huge FU! Am I the only one?
389	Lanny92	2012-05-22	8/10 because they've finally confirmed that Talia is really Talia. I was hoping she was Jeyne pretending to be a Volantis girl, but no... I liked the scenes with Tyrion and that one with Stannis and they also finished that stryline with Arya and Tywin being friends. The rest was ok, some parts even better. They've kept stalling important moments for the finale it seems. Battle of Blackwater as a shocking part, just like the Ned episode in season 1. So it seems they are gonna end this season with either Dany at the House of the Undying, which I hope they don't or the strange events that await the North, Winterfell and beyond the Wall (book readers know what I mean).
390	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-22	So it seems they are gonna end this season with either Dany at the House of the Undying, which I hope they don't or the strange events that await the North, Winterfell and beyond the Wall (book readers know what I mean).Hmm - dunno about that.  We ended series 1 with the birth of Drogon and sibs.  It could be pretty spectacular to end this one with a dragon actually burning down a whole building, thus proving how destructive and dangerous these creatures are going to be - a threat hanging over everything.  Why wouldn't they go for that in the series?  She's been focusing on her dragons every time we've seen her.  I can't imagine the producers will pass up on the chance of showing this - but, again, who can say what they choose to include or leave out.Even so the 'Ice' scenes first with the cliffhanger at the Wall, followed by the 'Fire' of Dany's dragons again.  Makes sense.
391	WildlingGirl	2012-05-22	Gave it a 7, but in retrospect I think I got annoyed with this episode because I watched it right after 207 which I liked even more on rewatch. 
Should have been a 9 maybe. Even Robb and Talisa's scene is better than Jeyne's seduction in the books. Tyrion and Cersei and the wrong whore, Tywin and Arya, Jaqen and Arya, Davos and Stannis, Asha/Yara and Theon, Robb and Catelyn, Jaime and Brienne, the Starks in the crypt, Jon/Ygritte/Lord O' Bones/Qhorin... all scenes nailed and highly riveting. Daenerys and Jorah also move towards where they need to go, even at a glacial pace. Can't wait to see Doreah turn up with Drogon if speculating viewers have it right!!
Ok, now I need to rewatch 208 as well and NOT just before Blackwater /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
392	Howdyphillip	2012-05-22	it's definitely not universally loved by critics, especially not by the New York Times (see e.g., http://tv.nytimes.co...nes-on-hbo.html).  The link you gave us was the NY Daily News -- not the NYT by a long shot.  the NYT has been anti GOT from day one -- many critics and viewers love it (me included), but saying it is universally loved is just false -- to be universally loved is to be loved by all -- nothing is universally loved. universally means by everyone in every case.  just sayin...Yes, I had a brain fart and said the Times instead of the Daily News, and I made a generalization that all critics loved the show. I will take that back, and say the vast majority of the critics love this show. My point here is that we, as ASoIF fans have an incredible television show to watch. As a lifelong fan of fantasy in particular, this show is unparallelled in acclaim, and  rightly so. I watch A list actors give emmy and golden globe performances. I then come into the forum, and I read about how the show is "terrible", and all of the characters have been "ruined".If you are reading this, the next time you want to say how bad this show is, go and read the fabulous works of Jim Baker called the Dresden Files. Right after you finish that incredible series, watch the adaptation of that for the sci fi channel. You can use the terms "terrible" and "ruined" for that.I am not talking here about the people who just point out things that they didn't like in an episode. I myself have little bits every week that may or may not make me want to turn a table over. I am talking about the people who have nothing to say but how horrible this show is, and incessantly whine for thread upon thread about how the whole thing if full of garbage because Lommy only said the word yield once instead of six or seven times like in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 22 May 2012 - 05:22 AM.
393	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-05-22	A solid 8. Could have a few improvements, but I just liked the two previous ones more.
Oh, and I am sure that all those fine fans who complain would do a better work if they had to adapt the series from the books. Too bad their unmatched talent of correction and adding improvements is wasted here.
394	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-22	Oh, and I am sure that all those fine fans who complain would do a better work if they had to adapt the series from the books. Too bad their unmatched talent of correction and adding improvements is wasted here.Right, of course. No criticism can be forthcoming from us laypeople. How dare we have the gall to view a piece of drama with a critical eye.
395	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-05-22	Right, of course. No criticism can be forthcoming from us laypeople. How dare we have the gall to view a piece of drama with a critical eye.Actually, it's the constructive criticism that's lacking. Most posts are mere complaints of what they wanted to see, and didn't.
396	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-22	Actually, it's the constructive criticism that's lacking. Most posts are mere complaints of what they wanted to see, and didn't.Oh sorry I must have missed that clear differentiation in your original post.
397	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-05-22	Oh sorry I must have missed that clear differentiation in your original post.Purists are known for their lack of irony-senses.
398	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-22	Purists are known for their lack of irony-senses.Ah, the old "purist" shtick. Because criticising the fact that Osha walked past Theon and Dagmer in broad daylight is being a book purist. Silly me.
399	legba11	2012-05-22	4/10, my lowest rating ever.  A very dull, pointless episode.  Big loss in points for replacing Weasel Soup with an incredibly bland escape from Harrenhal (I am still hoping Arya has to get her hands dirty in Ep10, it would lose more points if that is gone too).  The two Robb/ Not-Jeyne scenes were just long, boring stories that had me looking for something to play with while I "watched" it.  I have never done that on Game of Thrones before.
There was still quality acting and a few of the scenes were good/great scenes, but NOTHING HAPPENED.  And this is basically two weeks of nothing now that they hit the reset button on Bran in Winterfell.  I can't believe we had to rush through Renly/Stannis to just through in two episodes where viewers would hardly need to see "What happened last week" if they missed them.
This criticism goes right to D&D, they outline the season and they wrote these two subpar episodes.  I hope they aren't becoming fatigued with the show.
400	You Know Nothing Jon Snow	2012-05-22	I really enjoyed this episode. To me some good talk scenes are well worth a dearth of action. Love Asha and Theon. Loved Davos and Stannis. I can't help feel if you're going to commit suicide by falling in love with the wrong woman, let alone bring about the deaths of your mother and followers, Talissa is a lot more worth it than boring old Jeyne Westerling.
I liked how Talissa's back story told us something about Volantis and the slave society, which hasn't really been touched on yet but will be so important.
Wish Arya had got to kill a guard though.
401	LostSoul	2012-05-22	I was really annoyed that they stalled yet again Dany's scene of House of Dying.  How many episodes are they going to keep doing it? Found the whole episode boring, my rating was 5/10 lowest score on Season 2 episodes so far.
402	Jussi	2012-05-22	8.5/10
Not as good as the two previous episodes, but still very impressing. I'm enjoying second season more than first. D&D are doing outstanding work.
403	birdsong66	2012-05-22	Talissa provided much needed information about the free CitiesThis idea confuses me, and I've seen it a couple times in various threads RE: episode 8.  I don't understand using Talisa as a means to relate customs, etc. about the Free Cities when we have Dany in closer proximity, and her arc actually intersects with the Free Cities IIRC.  Why wouldn't TPTB temper her "fire and blood" demands with some info exposition about the area she is currently in, and that area she is about to encounter.  Objectively, I understand the choice of Talisa/exposition monkey, but I feel that there was a real opportunity to add some much needed meat to the Dany storyline, meat that is more relative to her specific arc, and I don't understand why this didn't happen. A real missed opportunity to balance Dany, and possibly make her storyline this season less demanding brat and more empowering. I could be remembering this entirely wrong, but I'm certain someone here can correct me?
404	famouskenneth	2012-05-22	That was HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How in the world does GRRM allow them to butcher his wonderful work!!!!! NO ONE KNOWS IF BRAN AND RICKON ARE FREAKING DEAD??? THE MOST ESSENTIAL POINT TO THE BOOK IS COMPLETELY DISMISSED???? So Catelyn frees Jaime while Bran and Rickon are thought to be alive?? Robb bangs Jeyne while he thinks Bran and Rickon are alive???? Jaime and Brienne are on their way already? JH helps Arya and the fam escape? I can't . . now the Blackwater battle looks like it was filmed in my back yard??? Stannis leads the charge at the mud gate??? Stannis vs. Tyrion . .I can't . . this sucks . . bye I am so furious . this is crap . . really it is crap . . agree. stop messing with the storyline.
405	LordofWinter	2012-05-22	I don't get the producers. I feel they're making fun of us, making fun of the books.Do they want to create their own unique show? Maybe they want to make something original. I don't get them.Why kill Irri when Doreah dies in the books?Why kill Rhakaro when he could have easily been replaced. The book clearely says that the guy changes, grows taller and brawnier. I understand the actor left for another movie, but why kill of the character?Didn't the same thing happen to Gregor Clegane? And they just replaced the actor. What the hell?!Why create all this drama with Daeneris? The things she did in the books were supposed to show us how she evolves from a beggar queen to a conqueror. Was dragonnapping really necessary?Why make Robb and Jon look childish when these two characters mature in the second book, becoming men?!Why make Tywin Lannister look like an old grandfather?Where is the Greatjon?!Why kill the Tickler?Where are Jojen and Meera?And, finally, why is Rickard Karstark swearing by the father?(this gives me headaches)I feel like the producers are giving me a huge FU! Am I the only one?Don't worry, you are not alone. The way that most of the season has played out, it's barely fair to call this an adaptation. It's more of a terrible rewrite.
406	David C. Hunter	2012-05-22	Clash of Kings, is basically like that. We wait while Dany sits around in Qarth, we follow Jon around North of the Wall wandering with Qhorin, we watch Kings Landing prepare for the Siege, we follow Arya around until she escapes, etc. We get a little action in the middle with Cat when Renly dies, but then she goes and sits around and mopes around at Riverrun. Then at the end we get the House of the Undying, Qhorins death, Weasel soup, the Battle of the Blackwater, etc. We know that next weeks episode is the Battle of the Blackwater, we know Dany will go to the HotU, we know Jon will kill Qhorin, the only thing we lose is Weasel soup (probably budget). I'm doing a reread of the series right now and am currently on COK, and the book is basically all a buildup to the end. The series is no different.Very good sir. I started rereading it too and it is like a buildup until the end. A storm of swords is completely different, lol
407	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a shame that some parents have forgotten that this is an adults-only show.
408	protar	2012-05-22	Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a shame that some parents have forgotten that this is an adults-only show. IKR. Some people are just flooding these threads with petty insults that surely can't have come from reasonable adults.
409	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-22	Upset at the changes with Arya  story at Harren.
Upset at Robb and Cat not being motivated by B+R death. I'm imagining that Luwin will live and take Rickon to Skagos while O+H+B go off to find the 3 eyed crow....
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE CHAIN!!?? There can't possibly be much time left for it in one episode and then do the backwater all at once.
The changes are completely unnecessary. The books are directly suited for tv.
Oh before I forget... Ros is getting locked up?? Please let it be true!!! That means we won't get to see for a long long time. Unless Tyrion frees her...
410	Ser Zig-Zag	2012-05-22	Clash of Kings, is basically like that. We wait while Dany sits around in Qarth, we follow Jon around North of the Wall wandering with Qhorin, we watch Kings Landing prepare for the Siege, we follow Arya around until she escapes, etc. We get a little action in the middle with Cat when Renly dies, but then she goes and sits around and mopes around at Riverrun. Then at the end we get the House of the Undying, Qhorins death, Weasel soup, the Battle of the Blackwater, etc. We know that next weeks episode is the Battle of the Blackwater, we know Dany will go to the HotU, we know Jon will kill Qhorin, the only thing we lose is Weasel soup (probably budget). I'm doing a reread of the series right now and am currently on COK, and the book is basically all a buildup to the end. The series is no different.wrong thread
					
					
							Edited by Ser Zig-Zag, 23 May 2012 - 04:18 PM.
411	J_Crews	2012-05-22	I was really annoyed that they stalled yet again Dany's scene of House of Dying. How many episodes are they going to keep doing it? Found the whole episode boring, my rating was 5/10 lowest score on Season 2 episodes so far.We've known since episode summaries/teasers were released weeks ago that the HotU won't be until ep. 10.  Dany only has 5 chapters (or near enough to make no matter) in the entire 2nd book, hence all of the show-invented material this season just to give her something to do.  She's a fan-favorite and, if they'd stuck to the book, she only would've appeared in like 3 ep.'s all season. The HotU is in her next-to-last chapter, I believe (or maybe her 3rd?); what they've done, however, is stretched things out so that, not only does she appear much more frequently than the book material would've allowed, but also, to make the HotU the finale of her season 2 character arc.  This was smart because, not only does it make for a great finale (hope, hope, hope they get it right!), but also showing her later chapters this season would've required bringing in add'l actors and a new expensive set (a ship on the open sea).  With a limited budget already being admirably stretched, better those things are left for next season. Also, I wouldn't be terribly surprised if the scene aboard the ship is changed, even next season, to the same or similar dialogue, but with them already in Astapor (maybe having just arrived?).  Doing the ship would be a beautiful vista, but it's an unnecessary expense, IMO.
412	Lord Rickard Snow	2012-05-22	In No Particular Order and i left out other scenes which may alter the result
+1 Jamie and Brienne (always Liked their interactions in the books)
+1 Point Robb and Talisa?? (the speech she gave, although  a well done "Sex Scene")
+1 the Arya, Gendry, Hot Pie escape (Like the feel of it... Felt Spooky)
+1 Bran And Rickon Alive (Well done Cliffhanger)
+1 Cersei And Tyrion Scene (Lena Headey and Peter Dinklage For the Emmy this Season)
+1 Tyrion and Bronn (Bronn is just a great character on Screen, or all around)
+2 Stannis and Davos scene (I liked the speech Stannis gave,even thought he named him the hand early)
+1 Rattle-shirt ( Looked good to me)
-1 (just because Joffery thinks he's tough with his little dagger)
9/10
But if i picked some different scenes it might be lower
413	J_Crews	2012-05-22	This was one of the best episodes yet.  I had some issues at first, but, the more I think about it, even the stuff that initially irked me makes sense.
I hated losing Weasel Soup, but, in the context of the show universe, it wouldn't have made sense.  There was no crop of northern military prisoners sitting in a tower basement with a bow wrapped around them, ready to be rescued and take the castle.  Also, it would've needed to happen much earlier, meaning we ould've missed-out on most, if not all, of the Arya-Tywin scenes as well as the Robb-Roose Bolton interactions that were needed to help TV viewers understand some events yet to come.  People are going crazy over no Jaqen face-change or giving Arya the coin, but episode summary/teasers make it a good bet we'll somehow see them interact again in the finale.  Also, Robb-Talisais working for me, Jeyne Westerling be damned.
Lots of people seem to have disliked his ep. because it was "boring" -- apologies, but that's a lack of attention span, not bad writing.  One of the best films evers made was "The Lion In Winter" (either version!); and that's about a bunch of people who are all hanging-out in one castle together over the Christmas holidays, essentially walking from room-to-room, just plotting and scheming and arguing.  Everything doesn't need to be blood, and tits, and explosions to be good TV.
414	legba11	2012-05-22	Or maybe people just find things entertaining differently than you.  No need to insult people.
415	Paul Stewart	2012-05-22	5.  Partially dreadful, partially interesting.  I am to the point where seeing snow.. or Snow.. makes me reach for the 'skip ahead 30 seconds' button on my remote.  
However, our 'mother of dragons' drinking game was a major success, even with only one scene.
416	birdsong66	2012-05-22	Lots of people seem to have disliked his ep. because it was "boring" -- apologies, but that's a lack of attention span, not bad writing.So because "lots of people" don't share your opinion, it reflects some inability to recognize quality writing?  For some, myself included, the episode was boring, which does not reflect a lack of attention span on my part, or theirs, but the ability to determine whether I/they find something challenging and/or entertaining as they define it.  That definition may differ from yours, but it makes it no less valid than yours.  Overall GoT is an excellent show which from time to time suffers from budget constraints and a seriously devoted book fan base, which can be detrimental to the whole.I like the show, I watch every sunday.  This past Sunday I turned it off halfway through, and went for ice cream.  For this episode, IMO, ice cream was a better choice.Actually, it was frozen yogurt, with white chocolate chips, but that's another thread....
417	J_Crews	2012-05-22	Or maybe people just find things entertaining differently than you. No need to insult people.So because "lots of people" don't share your opinion, it reflects some inability to recognize quality writing? For some, myself included, the episode was boring, which does not reflect a lack of attention span on my part, or theirs, but the ability to determine whether I/they find something challenging and/or entertaining as they define it. That definition may differ from yours, but it makes it no less valid than yours.  .That's a good point.  Apologies to those whose particular preferences just weren't met by this episode, but someone saying it just wasn't their cup of tea is a far cry from some of the comments on this board, calling the writers hacks, etc..  Most of the things written by Shakespeare himself were exposition-heavy, so it isn't a lack of quality we're talking about here, but rather personal preference.  And that isn't even mentioning the fact that this episode was SUPPOSED to be slow-paced.  The tone is meant to echo the calm before the storm next week with "Blackwater."  That was sort of the whole point.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 22 May 2012 - 06:42 PM.
418	Lyana	2012-05-22	I was hesitating between an eight and a nine, but after the rewatch, I think this episode deserves a 9.
Not solid, but still a 9. The fine ediiting, the good directing job and the amazing acting convinced me. They definitely stepped in for the lack of action.
I think that Tim Van Patten and Alan Taylor are the best directors this show has had so far. The dialog was great, the intersections of the different story lines were very fluent and the episode felt complete.
Highlights for me:
- every scene with Tyrion
- the Asha/Theon interaction
- the Davos/Stannis conversation.
Good job. I'm satisfied with this episode.
419	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	That's a good point. Apologies to those whose particular preferences just weren't met by this episode, but someone saying it just wasn't their cup of tea is a far cry from some of the comments on this board, calling the writers hacks, etc..Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s odd, really, when you think about it. The terms of service at this site preclude being abusive to other posters. However, it seems that all bets are off when it comes to being abusive toward anyone and everyone involved with the show.  If even a few drops of the burning vitriol that self-entitled â<U+0080><U+009C>fansâ<U+0080><U+009D> have flung at the poor writers and actors were directed at other posters, those abusers would be banned for life. But because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all third-person abuse without any obvious second-person target, they get away with murder.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a crying shame, and surely an embarrassment for the people who run this site to see how childish and short-sighted, and just plain mean, that people are about the show.  There is absolutely no possible excuse for such shameful and aye villainous behaviour. None whatsoever.  The cruel and the careless, the whingeing wastrels drown out all the decent folk in a fashion completely disproportionate to their numbers.  Scream as loud and as often as you can, beat your chest and make threats, and donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t stop until you get your way â<U+0080><U+0094> or until the adults have left the room. Which they have. See Bryan Cogman.  See Emilia Clarke. Lovely.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 07:40 PM.
420	summer_stark	2012-05-22	Yes, I had a brain fart and said the Times instead of the Daily News, and I made a generalization that all critics loved the show. I will take that back, and say the vast majority of the critics love this show. My point here is that we, as ASoIF fans have an incredible television show to watch. As a lifelong fan of fantasy in particular, this show is unparallelled in acclaim, and rightly so. I watch A list actors give emmy and golden globe performances. I then come into the forum, and I read about how the show is "terrible", and all of the characters have been "ruined". If you are reading this, the next time you want to say how bad this show is, go and read the fabulous works of Jim Baker called the Dresden Files. Right after you finish that incredible series, watch the adaptation of that for the sci fi channel. You can use the terms "terrible" and "ruined" for that. I am not talking here about the people who just point out things that they didn't like in an episode. I myself have little bits every week that may or may not make me want to turn a table over. I am talking about the people who have nothing to say but how horrible this show is, and incessantly whine for thread upon thread about how the whole thing if full of garbage because Lommy only said the word yield once instead of six or seven times like in the books.fair enough /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.  and i love jim butcher's /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> desden files -- except that i think the most recent book sort of jumped the shark, but i still love the series.  and yes, the show was hilariously bad.
421	Howdyphillip	2012-05-22	Seeing as how I was originally planning on signing up for HBO and now I'm going to continue downloading yes I do believe its hurting the company. Shitty program doesn't deserve my dollars. If they had kept the quality of the episodes up to Season 1 standards I would be a subscriber of HBO right now but I knew it was too good to be true. I'm just glad that they tipped their hats all the way back in episode 5. This episode was horrible just like the last 2.... EDIT: I'm upset about all the changes. But what upsets me even more is how characters who I used to be glued to the tv screen for (Daenerys, Tyrion, and Robb) I now find myself fast forwarding thru all their scenes. And they are the only characters that have been shown recently. Davos and Stannis just returned and even then they changed that whole relationship. Davos was made Hand of the King AFTER the Battle of Blackwater Bay. This show is just horrible now. I have no faith that it will get better. Catelyn freeing the Kingslayer without Bran and Rickon being "dead" was the straw that broke the camels back IMO. You do realize that you have just announced yourself a thief, and then followed it up with a hateful tirade against the show that you are going out of your way to steal?Please do yourself a favor and quit robbing the producers, actor, writers, and workers of this show and just stop watching it for free... It would also be nice if you wouldn't take the cowards way of anonymously bashing people on fan sites, but to each their own I guess. I don't mind hearing a legitimate opinion, but since yours is obviously flawed I implore you to just please remain silent
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 22 May 2012 - 07:26 PM.
422	birdsong66	2012-05-22	That's a good point. Apologies to those whose particular preferences just weren't met by this episode, but someone saying it just wasn't their cup of tea is a far cry from some of the comments on this board, calling the writers hacks, etc..Good point, and one I agree with.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s odd, really, when you think about it. The terms of service at this site preclude being abusive to other posters. However, it seems that all bets are off when it comes to being abusive toward anyone and everyone involved with the show. If even a few drops of the burning vitriol that self-entitled â<U+0080><U+009C>fansâ<U+0080><U+009D> have flung at the poor writers and actors were directed at other posters, those abusers would be banned for life. But because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all third-person abuse without any obvious second-person target, they get away with murder.Excellent point, and also one I personally agree with.  But, unfortunately, that is the rub of the internet age.  Anonymity breeds cruelty because there is little consequence for the abuser, but substantial consequence for the victim.  It doesn't really say much for human beings that removing one's accountability for actions and words will foster the darker impulses normally kept in check by social boundries and customs.  Joseph Conrad, anyone?I feel quite fortunate that I grew up in a time pre-dating the internet, where you had to defend your opinions effectively, and learned quite quickly that temper tantrums did not an argument win, nor did your position stand up to critique.For the record:  I like HBOGoT.  I prefer the books, and understand why "bookwalkers" have difficulties inasmuch as I understand how and why the "unsullied" embrace every episode as it is completely new for them.  If bookwalkers want to complain, it's cool, but I think condescending to them by calling them "purists" is negating the reality that for a number of them, D&D included, there would not be a show were it not for them....those devoted people who over the span of many years waited, and waited, and waited for the next book.  That kind of devotion is rare, and worthy of understanding, IMO.  I walked into a Barnes & Noble and bought them all in one day, read them in three weeks.  So, you know, maybe the "purists" have earned the small right to voice an opinion, as unpopular as that opinion may be.That said, if one is one of those people who consider themselves a member of the "I've waited 10 years between each book" club, then you should consider yourself old enough to behave as an adult and not a child throwing a temper tantrum because it isn't satisfying on a scale of absolutism.P.S.  This is not intended to flame, or otherwise insult anyone.
423	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-22	You do realize that you have just announced yourself a thief, and then followed it up with a hateful tirade against the show that you are going out of your way to steal? Please do yourself a favor and quit robbing the producers, actor, writers, and workers of this show and just stop watching it for free... It would also be nice if you wouldn't take the cowards way of anonymously bashing people on fan sites, but to each their own I guess. I don't mind hearing a legitimate opinion, but since yours is obviously flawed I implore you to just please remain silentAre you the police and are you going to hunt me down?  And if you think I'm the only one then I've got a wonderful get rich scheme that you should REALLY invest it.....The show is horrible and I really don't care at this point. It no skin of my nose if I watch it on my break at work the next day and I'm free to comment on the quality (or lack thereof) of the episode....I've never once hurled an insult at the actors/actresses except where I think they got the casting one. For example the lady playing Asha is horrible IMO but its just one actor of many and considering how many characters are in the books I'm willing to overlook that.
424	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	There are sites that do not allow discussion of, for example, codes to break into licensed software to which you do not have the licence. This is not to my knowledge one of them. But even if it were, it remains true that Game of Thrones has been widely reported as the number-one most stolen / pirated / illegally accessed TV show. That seems fair game for discussion. One might reasonably ask  the contributing factors behind that figure, and what if any its repercussions might be.But I myself have answers to neither portion.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 08:33 PM.
425	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-22	That will teach them... keep watching a show you obviously hate so you can post bad things about it on a random fan site on the internet. They will surely get what's coming to them then. It has actually been hard reading and posting in this show forum. Every week, I turn on my television, and watch some of the greatest television ever made tell my all time favorite story, and I am as exited as an 8 year old fan boy. I then open up the forum, and read about how all of these people think it is nothing but a pile of dung. I have a severe disconnect with this. I think it is cool when people point out the differences in the books and show. They are at some place vastly different, but to say this show is "horrible", or that they "ruined" your favorite character is just laughable to me. I then read the same peoples vile and hatred on threads from the first episode to this one, and realize that these very same people who are lamenting the show have faithfully tuned in every week to watch. I find that telling. Some people just enjoy complaining. I have my own opinions also of what I liked and disliked about each episode, and I enjoy reading about other peoples ideas as well. All I am saying is that the backlash and vitriol against this show is not warranted. I personally was more upset by the changes made in the LotR movies in plot, characters and tone yet they are still some of my all time favorite films for what they are.I love you.It's getting rather tiresome. I keep hoping there will be some quasi-intelligent debate but it seems like most posts are either 1) This was the WORST EPISODE OF ALL TIME, or 2) This was the BEST EPISODE OF ALL TIME. Changes will and have to be made. Some I like, some I don't like, and some I just don't get but in the grand scheme of things, I want to see where things will take me as long as it makes sense. GOT is not episodic TV; it builds upon itself like, oh my gosh!, a book does. Stop expecting all of your favorite characters to be the quasi-fleshed out badasses they are by the end of book 5.  If I wanted the series to be regurgatated word for word, scene for scene, I'd re-read the books and leave it at that and use my own imagination which I can tell you, is different from GRRM's or anyone else's.
426	Howdyphillip	2012-05-22	Are you the police and are you going to hunt me down?  And if you think I'm the only one then I've got a wonderful get rich scheme that you should REALLY invest it.....The show is horrible and I really don't care at this point. It no skin of my nose if I watch it on my break at work the next day and I'm free to comment on the quality (or lack thereof) of the episode....I've never once hurled an insult at the actors/actresses except where I think they got the casting one. For example the lady playing Asha is horrible IMO but its just one actor of many and considering how many characters are in the books I'm willing to overlook that.I am not the police, nor will I try and hunt you down. All I am doing is helping you to further clarify your dubious immoral nature. I don't really need to be doing this, as it seems you are doing an outstanding job of doing it on your own. Feel free and take my advice or not, either way it means nothing to me. If you would like to hear it again, I will reiterate it. Quit stealing this television show. Then stop running as fast as you can to random fan sites to spurge it. This will do two things. First off, you would no longer be a thief, and secondly, we wouldn't have to listen to your drivel that doesn't even make sense in the content that you spout it in. If you hate this show, then why are you stealing it at work? Isn't there something that you would like that you would rather be pilfering?  In the end of things, it is really up to you what you do. All I am pointing out is just how shitty this is for everyone involved.
427	Unsullier	2012-05-22	this episode was decent.
I'm still not sure why they left out the chain.  Maybe they will surprise us with an "oh by the way" type moment next episode.
Really digging My Girl Brienne.  Remember people, mitts off!  She's mine!  I love her and she loves me.
Glad to see the finally calmed down Shae.  I never got into her whipsmart smart ass attitude with Tyrion.  She might have been a cocky lass with everyone else, but not with him.  I need her to be warm, and accepting until The Red Viper...I might have said too much.  Anyway, I need my Shae to be wedding-cake sweet.
Alfie Allen is completely nailing the role of Theon.  Kudos brother!
Tyrion + Bronn + Varys was hilarious!  I've said it before and I'll say it again.  Tyrion and Bronn fall backwards into being best friends, even though neither would ever admit it.  I got a similar, yet dumbed down vibe from Varys and Tyrion.
Just like in the book, they take their jolly sweet time with Dany doing much of anything.  
Did I mention Brienne is MY GIRL?
428	Ran	2012-05-23	I should note for those hoping for debate here, that this thread really isn't so much for that as just for people to state why they voted one way or another. There's many other threads where different aspects of the episode are being dissected. Doesn't mean there can't be debate, but those who want it may well be elsewhere.Also, for future reference? Don't go around telling us you pirate the show, especially when you admit you could afford to obtain it legally. Stupid.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 23 May 2012 - 01:06 AM.
429	WITCHKING	2012-05-23	One of the weakest episode's of the show.If Seaon 1 was the Titanic the Season 2 is the iceberg...
430	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	To me the quality of the production (outside of the weird horse situation) definitely outstrips the quality of the story & what it could be.  Still entertaining even with the weaknesses I see in it.
7.
431	Eira Seren	2012-05-23	That's a good point. Apologies to those whose particular preferences just weren't met by this episode, but someone saying it just wasn't their cup of tea is a far cry from some of the comments on this board, calling the writers hacks, etc.. Most of the things written by Shakespeare himself were exposition-heavy, so it isn't a lack of quality we're talking about here, but rather personal preference. And that isn't even mentioning the fact that this episode was SUPPOSED to be slow-paced. The tone is meant to echo the calm before the storm next week with "Blackwater." That was sort of the whole point.Don't get me wrong, I love Pride and Prejudice.  And Shakespeare, though admittedly it gets harder to follow during the slower scenes at times, just like some of Al's monologues in Deadwood sometimes got a little long, though rarely lacking in intensity.  Maybe what I'm missing in the scenes above the Wall is a sense of foreboding, though the idea of being stuck out in that frozen, terrible beauty should really be enough.  and it would be quite difficult to run on the ice. . .   but the sense of foreboding. . . of something out there, worse than wildlings.  wonder why I'm not feeling that as much?  and maybe the pacing just seemed a little slow.  It would have been worse, though, if all of the dialogue had occured at a standstill instead of having some of it occur at a stroll.  not all conversations can be as charged as the ones between Tyrion and Varys!
432	Morrigan	2012-05-23	Lots of people seem to have disliked his ep. because it was "boring" -- apologies, but that's a lack of attention span, not bad writing.. Everything doesn't need to be blood, and tits, and explosions to be good TV.Apologies, but it is bad writing and you are dumb for failing to recognize it.(See how I can be insulting and passive-aggressive at the same time, too? Oh, and cut the strawman will you, no one has said anything about the episode lacking in tits and explosions FFS.)Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s odd, really, when you think about it. The terms of service at this site preclude being abusive to other posters. However, it seems that all bets are off when it comes to being abusive toward anyone and everyone involved with the show.Yeah, so? This is the Internet, get over it. Why would the forum have rules against "insulting" non-forum members? It makes sense to have a rule against insulting forum members because otherwise it'd go out of control and degenerate into an unpleasant 4chan-like hellhole. It makes no sense to have a rule against insulting 3rd parties.In any case, I haven't seen anyone be "abusive towards anyone and everyone involved". More straw. The worst I've seen were people rudely commenting on actress's physical appearance. I think it's crass and stupid but I don't see why that should be against the ToS.There is absolutely no possible excuse for such shameful and aye villainous behaviour.lol, drama queen much.Which they have. See Bryan Cogman. See Emilia Clarke.Lovely.Maybe these people just need to get thicker skins. This is the Internet, what did they expect? Also, it's weird because I haven't really seen a whole lot of vitriol towards these two. Most of it has been targeted at D&D or poor Gemma Whelan. Go figure.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 23 May 2012 - 04:19 PM.
433	Leto Atreides	2012-05-23	I hope you all realize that the fact that Bolton's army was separated from Robb's led to him betraying the Starks. In Harrenhall Bolton was KING! With Robb he is just another lord. In Harrenhall he answered to no one. With Robb it would be really hard for him to send messages and communicate with the Lannisters. Bolton taking Harrenhall was the key to him betraying the Starks. I don't get the producers. I feel they're making fun of us, making fun of the books. Do they want to create their own unique show? Maybe they want to make something original. I don't get them. Why kill Irri when Doreah dies in the books? Why kill Rhakaro when he could have easily been replaced. The book clearely says that the guy changes, grows taller and brawnier. I understand the actor left for another movie, but why kill of the character? Didn't the same thing happen to Gregor Clegane? And they just replaced the actor. What the hell?! Why create all this drama with Daeneris? The things she did in the books were supposed to show us how she evolves from a beggar queen to a conqueror. Was dragonnapping really necessary? Why make Robb and Jon look childish when these two characters mature in the second book, becoming men?! Why make Tywin Lannister look like an old grandfather? Where is the Greatjon?! Why kill the Tickler? Where are Jojen and Meera? And, finally, why is Rickard Karstark swearing by the father?(this gives me headaches) I feel like the producers are giving me a huge FU! Am I the only one?What amazes me is how accurate season 1 was in retrospect. The differences with the book were neglectable and easily explained by budget constraint (direwolves, Tyrion's battle). Season 2 is overflowing with changes that make no sense and even ruin the continuity of following seasons.Also, I expected season 2 to be "The Tyrion Show", but he doesn't have enough scenes and it's not clear at all in the show how carefully and brilliantly he took charge of King's Landing. All we got was the firing of Janos Slynt and the visit at the Alchemists's guild.
434	birdsong66	2012-05-23	I really just want to address on thing about the internet and it's pros and cons as it relates to HBOGoT persons leaving twitter, etc.I own a business, and it just so happens that my business is in a creative field around which a number of well known, well used internet sites have been developed which allow for people to voice their opinions about how we do our thing.  Because it is part of the overall world in which my business exists, I have to, from time to time, delve in and read what people write.  Most of it is overwhelmingly positive, but there are those, for whatever reason, that spew so much vitriol that I can only wonder how awful it is to live a life in that person's skin.  I mention all of this because the positive reviews are what we want, the bad ones are what we have to eat so that we understand the value of the positive ones.  We knew this going in, we set ourselves up in the category for the site, and we take what we get.  Sometimes we learn something, other times we don't.But never, EVER have we thought to close because someone didn't like what we did.  We nutted up, rolled with the punch, got on with it.  That is simply the nature of it.  Sure it pissed us off, but most of that is a result of making the conscious choice not to engage in the argument and rather chalking it up to "we're not for you, sir" state of mind.  It takes awhile to get used to not engaging, but I highly recommend trying it.So, to the HBOGoT people who find it all too overwhelming, really, here's a grain of salt..use it, because at the end of the day, your worst presentation is still 95% better than anything else of TV.
435	tripleseq	2012-05-23	I am not the police, nor will I try and hunt you down. All I am doing is helping you to further clarify your dubious immoral nature. I don't really need to be doing this, as it seems you are doing an outstanding job of doing it on your own. Feel free and take my advice or not, either way it means nothing to me. If you would like to hear it again, I will reiterate it. Quit stealing this television show. Then stop running as fast as you can to random fan sites to spurge it. This will do two things. First off, you would no longer be a thief, and secondly, we wouldn't have to listen to your drivel that doesn't even make sense in the content that you spout it in. If you hate this show, then why are you stealing it at work? Isn't there something that you would like that you would rather be pilfering? In the end of things, it is really up to you what you do. All I am pointing out is just how shitty this is for everyone involved.Chill out Ned Stark. I download the show, I don't even have a TV to watch it on, and I support it in other ways.  TV subscriptions aren't HBO's only revenue stream for GoT, that's for sure.  DVDs, cups, mugs, advertising, ... etc etc.  Actually, direct support of the show is better than HBO cloud support in terms of the bottom line.
					
					
							Edited by tripleseq, 23 May 2012 - 08:15 PM.
436	Warrick	2012-05-23	I'll give this episode an 8. Entertained me the whole way through. There wasn't one point where I was bored at all. Stannis/Davos and Varys/Tyrion always make for excellent dialouge and entertainment. It seems like all the book dorks hate the Talisa/Robb romance on screen, but I really don't mind it. It's necessary. Looks are obviously subjective, however I think Talisa is the hottest girl on the show thus far, so it doesn't hurt that she's easy on the eyes. The lust that Robb has for her feels genuine to me.
One thing this episode has reminded me of is that we definitely need to see more Varys. Watching him interact with just about anyone makes for good TV.
437	HenrikLannister	2012-05-23	Okay guys, how gorgeous was the scoring at the end of this hour? I gave it a 7 overall, but damn that music with Isaac's acting broke my heart.
438	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-24	Ramihn Dwardi (apologies for butchering his name, it's late) does such a beautiful job with the scoring. I've been listening to the soundtrack for the first season almost every day and by now, I know which songs go with which scenes. I still choke up for the music for Ned's beheading. It's also great music to listen to as I work on my first book. Gets me in the mood emotionally. I've already pre-ordered the season 2 soundtrack and cannot wait for it to arrive.
439	Eira Seren	2012-05-24	Apologies, but it is bad writing and you are dumb for failing to recognize it. (See how I can be insulting and passive-aggressive at the same time, too? Oh, and cut the strawman will you, no one has said anything about the episode lacking in tits and explosions FFS.) Yeah, so? This is the Internet, get over it. Why would the forum have rules against "insulting" non-forum members? It makes sense to have a rule against insulting forum members because otherwise it'd go out of control and degenerate into an unpleasant 4chan-like hellhole. It makes no sense to have a rule against insulting 3rd parties. In any case, I haven't seen anyone be "abusive towards anyone and everyone involved". More straw. The worst I've seen were people rudely commenting on actress's physical appearance. I think it's crass and stupid but I don't see why that should be against the ToS. lol, drama queen much. Maybe these people just need to get thicker skins. This is the Internet, what did they expect? Also, it's weird because I haven't really seen a whole lot of vitriol towards these two. Most of it has been targeted at D&D or poor Gemma Whelan. Go figure.soo. . . . because it is the internet we should be able to behave however we please?  isn't there still a person somewhere on the receiving end? *confused*
440	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2012-05-24	I was pretty disappointed with this episode. I guess he is trying to throw curveballs to all the readers. The books are so brilliant that I think we all just want to see the vision come to life on screen but instead so much is being changed for the sake of change. At first I thought the story was just being abridged for tv but now I can see he is just writing a new story that is loosely based off the novels.
441	MirriMaz	2012-05-24	9 for me, I really enjoyed all the one on one scenes and the Yara/Theon dialogue is probably my favorite from this season and it really captured some of the essence of Yara from her PoV in the later books.
I stopped comparing the show to the book so I can enjoy it as a separate entity, some things I like in the book won't make it and i'm kind of fine with that.
442	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2012-05-24	A solid espisode with some good moments.  I gave it a nine, as I don't think it quite compared to the last couple of weeks.  I'm pretty sure the next episode is going to be a good one though.  Bring on the Blackwater!
443	WeLightTheWay	2012-05-24	First time poster, long time lurker. I gave it an 8.  Iceland, Croatia, and N. Ireland are beautiful!!  So glad they did location shooting.  Everything I like has already been stated, so I'll just add a few things:
Roose Bolton- love they way the actor stares at Robb, wish we could have thought bubbles in those scenes!
Tyrion & Bronn plus Varys.....enough said.( For some reason Tyrion and Varys "friendship" reminds me of Jerry and Newman. Very wierd I know)
Yara- really wasn't a fan of Gemma Whalen (sp.) but she won me over this episode.
I wish they would have shown a scene with Catelyn, Jamie and Brienne. My non-book reading roommates, understood why she let him go, but they were upset with how it went down. Plus Michelle, NCW, and Gwendoline would have been amazing.
"The King w/o a castle"/Dr. Without Borders (Robb/Talisa)- I don't mind the changes. And love makes you do stupid and crazy things. Everytime they mentioned "the bridge", I yelled "and men" frey gave you a bridge and men.
Off to summer math class...wish Tywin was my teacher!
444	rmholt	2012-05-24	I was pretty disappointed with this episode. I guess he is trying to throw curveballs to all the readers. The books are so brilliant that I think we all just want to see the vision come to life on screen but instead so much is being changed for the sake of change. At first I thought the story was just being abridged for tv but now I can see he is just writing a new story that is loosely based off the novels.Curveballs?!  The nerve!
445	rmholt	2012-05-24	Okay guys, how gorgeous was the scoring at the end of this hour? I gave it a 7 overall, but damn that music with Isaac's acting broke my heart.Oh dear, i am going to have to watch it again <G>
446	rmholt	2012-05-24	Beating up on the directors and actors is right up there with abusing GRRM for not getting his books out sooner.
447	rmholt	2012-05-24	5. Partially dreadful, partially interesting. I am to the point where seeing snow.. or Snow.. makes me reach for the 'skip ahead 30 seconds' button on my remote. However, our 'mother of dragons' drinking game was a major success, even with only one scene.The Iceland scenes are OK bc if the dialogue and action lags I can always look at those goofy feather boas the NW seem to be wearing (to look like crows) and ponder.
448	rmholt	2012-05-24	agree. stop messing with the storyline.If GRRM was enjoying himself by breaking the chains of writing for TV (which he has said he was - Rolling Stone?) and writing what he wanted no matter how complex and difficult to adapt to the limits of technology re: screen recreation then the screenplay folks have a hard hill to climb.  I admire how well they have done it.  The actress who played Brienne researched her character heavily and did some training to reproduce Brienne physically.  It took a year.  The writers have written this as if they have been immersed in the entire series almost as much as I have.  They have done yeoman's work adapting work that was specifically written by a guy throwing off the restraints of writing for TV.  Kudos to all of them
449	Sunni	2012-05-24	'NW Deserter'  "Gave it an 8. It started at a 10: [...]Liked that Sam found the dragonglass, too.  Points off for three things:[list] [*]Half a point off for the disappointing end to Arya's stay in Harrenhall. I understand that a lot of it isn't vital to the overall plot, but I missed Jaqen's face change, the coin being given, the weasel soup, etc. I noticed episode 10 is caled Valar Morghulis, so hopefully this means we get some of that then. [*]Half a point off for nobody actually learning about Bran and Rickon, particularly Catelyn and Robb. I can still buy that they both did what they did (releasing Jaime and forsaking a vow, respectively), but it took a lot of the emotional punch out of it. I'm honestly not sure why this decision was made, but oh well. [*]The other point off for what I am legitimately pissed about - not revealing Tyrion's plan with the freaking chain! That thing does so much for saving the city, for giving Tyrion the credit he deserves from viewers/readers (but of course not from the citizens of Kings Landing), and there's not even a mention of it. What has he even really done? All I can think of is him taking Cersei's wildfire idea and doing it more, but other than that, nothing. This won't even seem like Tyrion's victory to the viewers! First thing that has really frustrated me during the entire series. "To me it's realistic that Catelyn and Robb don't know about Bran and Rickon's "deaths" yet.  There's too much distance.  I imagine it will be revealed to them later and push the story further.  I also REALLY missed Weasel Soup, but my guess is that we'll see Arya in full warrior mode at some point.  I'm hoping to be surprised.
					
					
							Edited by Sunni, 24 May 2012 - 12:20 PM.
450	tryagainlater	2012-05-24	Gave it an 8. Really enjoyed it, the hour went by so quick. I was surprise I liked the episode so much after hearing so many people complain that it was boring.
451	LeggoMyEssos	2012-05-24	First time poster, somewhat long time lurker.I've read the books & love 'em, as everyone here likely does.However, a reality check -- their job is to make the best TV show they can, not do a frame-by-frame Frank Miller recreation of the novels.There are two salient points that I have not seen anyone bring up and drive home in these recaps:1) What makes the novels great is that no one is ever safe, and you don't know what's going to happen next.  Why would you want to watch a TV show that is the exact opposite -- a totally predictable reenactment of the novels?!  By consolidating characters, altering minor story arcs, and adding some non-novel twists it CAN recapture some of that GRMM unpredictability -- if you let it.  I think many of you are too busy over-analyzing and being hyper-critical to the point where you'll never enjoy the TV show.  2) By extension of #1, you're also basing all of this critcism that the TV show must and will follow the books going forward.  Overall, I believe they will -- but I for one hope they keep throwing in the surprises (kidnapped dragons!  hot battlefield nurses!) now and forever.   Regarding things missing in e208 -- before jumping off the nearest bridge (or wanting to push the writers off one), perhaps consider the following:* Jaqen is waiting a short distance outside the gates & meets Arya for the coin and final resolution.* We share Davos' surprise when the chain makes its appearance.* Robb Stark is a fan favorite, and needs screen time to both please the TV audience *and* make them emotionally invested in him, so that later events become that much more powerful.* As great as the Jon Snow/QH scenes were in the book, they only have 10 hours total to paint the story.  The Snow/Ygritte story line is much more important over the long haul, so it was simply more important to establish Ygritte for her important arc in season 3 than it is/was to have a bromance-on-the-run chase through the wilderness.Bottom line - Season #1 followed the first book near-perfectly.  And it was awesome.  But we all knew Seasons #2+ were going to be breaking the chains from the source material and telling the best story possible within the constraints and reality of TV.  That means streamlining characters, resequencing events, even fabricating new events to tell the story in a more concise and audience-friendly manner.  To some, I guess this is "dumbing down" from the source material.  To most (I hope), this is just basic reality.  At the end of the day, it's all subjective - you either love it or you hate it (most likely somewhere in between).  One person can argue a decision's terrible, and another can argue just as strongly why it isn't.  But without knowing the end-game, none of us truly can say definitively.  Writer decisions in episodes 1-8 that feel wrong now might make a lot more sense after viewing episodes 9 and 10 (or it might even take until the 3rd season, or later).Sorry for the long post -- nah, no I'm not.  :-)
452	woweezowee	2012-05-24	I gave it an eight. I liked that they slowed down the pace and allowed in some interesting character-developing scenes. I also liked that they didn't try to shoehorn in a silly cliffhanger, which has been a problem this scene.I mostly agree with LeggoMyEssos's articulate defence of the show, particularly the point thattheir job is to make the best TV show they can, not do a frame-by-frame Frank Miller recreation of the novelsI've really enjoyed the series. I can see why people who are extremely emotionally attached to the characters in the book might find changes difficult to accept, and there's the occasional alteration which I think hasn't worked - for instance, the complete change in Littlefinger's character has made him less interesting, and his role as a wandering exposition-machine could have been better served by an entirely new character - but, for the most part, they've got things right. Many of the best scenes this series weren't in the books.
453	woweezowee	2012-05-24	One thing I'd add re: changes from the books. A common criticism of the changes (made repeatedly in the reviews on this website) is that they mostly make for worse, not better, TV. The reasoning for this is often along the lines of 'it's implausible that the character would do this!' or 'that's inconsistent with scene x!' or 'it was unnecessary for the character to do that!'. But I think these 'problems' are only perceived as problems by Martin obsessives who scrutinise the show extremely closely. A large majority of viewers simply don't care about them. On spoiler-free discussion of the episodes, these scenes are often praised as particularly strong, and any inconsistencies waved away with a laugh. 
Take, for instance, the scene last episode where Jaime killed his relative. One response could be: 'that's absurd, he didn't need to kill him!'. But who cares? It was an exciting, well-written scene, dramatic and tense precisely because it was clear he was going to kill him. It was entertaining television. AGOT is not The Wire; it's just entertainment, and it was never going to hold up to the level of analysis some fans want to apply to it.
454	drm7	2012-05-24	I rate the episode a 6, but it was a "6" kind of episode, based on the point in the storyline. Lots of build-up, set-up, waiting, etc. Sort of the calm before the storm. (Of course, compared to most TV shows, it was 12 out of 10.)
455	Morrigan	2012-05-24	Take, for instance, the scene last episode where Jaime killed his relative. One response could be: 'that's absurd, he didn't need to kill him!'. But who cares? It was an exciting, well-written scene, dramatic and tense precisely because it was clear he was going to kill him. It was entertaining television. AGOT is not The Wire; it's just entertainment, and it was never going to hold up to the level of analysis some fans want to apply to it.What the hell? So even if a scene is absurd and a plot hole, it should be absolved from criticism because it's "exciting and entertaining"? How preposterous. If a scene makes no sense, then it's badly-written, regardless of whether or not it's "exciting". And AGoT is easily as deep as The Wire (the book, at least, the show isn't precisely because they focus on cheap entertainment rather than the depth of the story and characters), just because it's fantasy and not a modern setting doesn't mean it's just fluffy entertainment.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 24 May 2012 - 10:14 PM.
456	House Snow	2012-05-24	^ Dude there are plenty of things in the wire that don't make much sense.  The difference is that the wire was a gangster show not based on a book.  So when noone kills Omar everyone cool with it.  But if GOT watchers were really giving that show the same treatment they would be writing WTF why didn't they kill Omar, that doesn't make any sense.  There are an infinite number of examples in that show, so please stop bringing that show up as some kind of gold standard for GOT.
457	Morrigan	2012-05-24	I assume you were responding to woweezowee and not the post above yours? Cause, well, I love The Wire but I pretty much agree.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 24 May 2012 - 11:16 PM.
458	woweezowee	2012-05-25	What the hell? So even if a scene is absurd and a plot hole, it should be absolved from criticism because it's "exciting and entertaining"? How preposterous. If a scene makes no sense, then it's badly-written, regardless of whether or not it's "exciting". And AGoT is easily as deep as The Wire (the book, at least, the show isn't precisely because they focus on cheap entertainment rather than the depth of the story and characters), just because it's fantasy and not a modern setting doesn't mean it's just fluffy entertainment.I'm saying that the TV series (as opposed to the books) sets out to be slick entertainment, and succeeds. The dialogue is interesting and often funny, it's consistently well acted and generally pretty exciting.At times, for the sake of making a scene interesting, the writers have the characters do some implausible things. But most people a - don't notice, and b - wouldn't care if they did notice; not everyone over-analyses in the manner of some book purists on here.Yes, I'm saying that a scene which doesn't strictly make sense if you sit down and think about for twenty minutes should be absolved from criticism, provided it's exciting and has great dialogue (like the Jaime scene).As much as I love the ASOIAF novels and enjoy speculating about their future direction on here, I don't think the characters are as nuanced, the writing as good (or, indeed, the world as fully realised) as The Wire, which is one of the best-written works in any medium. So yeah, it is the gold standard as far as I'm concerned. Feel free to disagree /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by woweezowee, 25 May 2012 - 05:28 AM.
459	woweezowee	2012-05-25	^ Dude there are plenty of things in the wire that don't make much sense.  The difference is that the wire was a gangster show not based on a book.  So when noone kills Omar everyone cool with it.  But if GOT watchers were really giving that show the same treatment they would be writing WTF why didn't they kill Omar, that doesn't make any sense.  There are an infinite number of examples in that show, so please stop bringing that show up as some kind of gold standard for GOT.So, (The Wire spoiler) 
	Spoiler that particular example doesn't make much sense, right?
I would hold it up as a gold standard. I wasn't suggesting that it was entirely realistic; I was suggesting that it was more than just entertainment, and I would add that I think it's remarkably internally consistent considering the vast world they create.
460	House Snow	2012-05-25	No it doesn't.  Omar is the king of Gary stus.  Walk in threaten someone with a gun get what he wants, puts gun away, other guy with gun lets him walk away with a look of  respect.  There were so many things like this that it was not at all believable or interanlly consistent.  Internally consistent would have been to kill him.
461	woweezowee	2012-05-25	No it doesn't. Omar is the king of Gary stus. Walk in threaten someone with a gun get what he wants, puts gun away, other guy with gun lets him walk away with a look of respect. There were so many things like this that it was not at all believable or interanlly consistent. Internally consistent would have been to kill him.First of all (The Wire season five spoilers) 
	Spoiler he does get killed
. Second, he certainly isn't presented as a perfect character, as the term Gary Stu suggests - he looks grotesque, his actions are in many ways reprehensible. He is very good at what he does, which means that other characters are frightened of him. He's not a very realistic character, but it is internally consistent that he terrifies others, and that as a result they don't want to fight him.If you want to talk about ridiculous Wire characters, though, I'd certainly give you Brother Mouzone. Not saying it's perfect. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Anyway, erm, this is getting a bit off-topic so I'll shut up about other television shows now.
462	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-25	No it doesn't. Omar is the king of Gary stus.Lol. He's based on a man who did exactly that in real life.
463	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-25	Wrong fan site. Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll find The Wire next store somewhere.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 25 May 2012 - 08:28 PM.
464	WetHair	2012-05-25	Without Reek/Ramsay to provide even the faintest possibility of reinforcements, how does Theon think he will hold Winterfell?
465	FacelessDude	2012-05-26	I gave this episode a 7, that's the lowest I've rated an episode. I did enjoy the Theon and Asha scenes. Jon's scenes were ripped apart a little, but I'm hoping his scenes and parts will come together. I think eventually he will have to fight Quorin. I just didn't like how he was captured and then he runs into Quorin who is also captured by the wildings, I liked how they were evading capture together in the books and then they are forced to fight once cornered.
Plus, no Weasel Soup /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. But Arya's chapters are okay, they still capture her character correctly in my view. But they make Tywin appear way to kind and easy going, when in actuality he is a cold hearted bastard who would've had Arya executed if he had the slightest idea of her being a Stark.
Tyrions scenes are ok, but they are whitewashing him too much.
Also, they made Catelyn look more ridiculous when she freed Jaime. She was never shown recieiving news of Bran and Rickons 'death' in the books, therefore giving her more incentive to get her only remaining children back, maybe Arya and Sansa. So they made her look more irrational because they didn't show that in the show.
466	Daenerys	2012-05-27	Easily the worst episode of the season for me, I gave it a 5. It's just frankly getting boring to the point where I'm not even that excited when Sunday rolls around each week. And it's making me realize just how flawed the books are in terms of moving all the storylines forward. That bothered me reading the books but for some reason it's bothering me even more with the tv series. You can see them painfully trying to stretch and fill in scenes just to give certain characters something to do, like Robb, Jon, and Daenerys. Love Maise Williams but her character has also gotten boring. They've basically done nothing (or at least the same thing) for the entire season. I really wish the show runners would depart even more radically from the books in order to form a tight, cohesive plot for all the characters because it is just not working for me. Yes, I know Blackwater is here, there will be more things happening this week, but it's been a disappointing season for me on the whole, with some good bits along the way.
467	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-27	Easily the worst episode of the season for me, I gave it a 5. It's just frankly getting boring to the point where I'm not even that excited when Sunday rolls around each week. And it's making me realize just how flawed the books are in terms of moving all the storylines forward. That bothered me reading the books but for some reason it's bothering me even more with the tv series. You can see them painfully trying to stretch and fill in scenes just to give certain characters something to do, like Robb, Jon, and Daenerys. Love Maise Williams but her character has also gotten boring. They've basically done nothing (or at least the same thing) for the entire season. I really wish the show runners would depart even more radically from the books in order to form a tight, cohesive plot for all the characters because it is just not working for me. Yes, I know Blackwater is here, there will be more things happening this week, but it's been a disappointing season for me on the whole, with some good bits along the way.Daenerys, I wish I could 'like' this post twice.  Although I've enjoyed the actual series (all tastes differ), I have to agree with your brave statement on here that hints at the source material being flawed.  Any adaptation can only be as strong or as weak as its source material, and although I love the story within the books (when it can be picked out amongst the tedious padding), I do think the books' structure (multiple POVs etc) hampers adaptation.  The books are dreadfully flawed - that doesn't mean I don't like them, but just standing back objectively, reading as a writer and being really strict, works wonders for perspective.
468	Sun	2012-05-27	I really liked it. Took off points for changing of Catelyn's motivation in freeing the boys, and, to a much lesser extent, Robb's impetus to sleeping with Jeyne/Talysa - not that a 17 year old boy needs much impetus really. I'll judge Robb's motivations more fully come the marriage. It's mainly Cat the bothers me. But hey, show Cat character has been bothering me since the first season, so there's nothing new here.I liked the pacing of the episode. I know a lot of people found it slow, and I can see why they would, but I liked the slow character driven pace. It's something that was sorely missing in the first 5 episodes of this season, imo. If I have one comment about the pace, is that I think a character driven ep like this one would have worked better with audiences earlier on in the season. That the reason people are so impatient with it is that it came at a time when people expect the pace to rise, and the tension to continue to heighten leading into the final two episode crescendo. Taken as a standalone ep however, I thought it was very well done, and worthy of a very solid 8.I really wish the show runners would depart even more radically from the books in order to form a tight, cohesive plot for all the characters because it is just not working for me.I agree with this statement. I do feel that the show runners are too faithful to the books, in terms of pacing and point progression. I too wish that they were braver in telling the story, perhaps by viewing all the books as one, and restructuring it in a way that would tell a tighter more cohesive tale. But I also know that it would be for them to do that at this point. This story is unfinished, there are still 2 more books worth of a story to be told. Not knowing exactly where the story is going - beyond what I assume is very broad strokes - how could they possibly be more adventurous in editing it?
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 27 May 2012 - 07:30 PM.
469	Lord Tywin	2012-06-02	Episodes 6, 7 & 8 were all just so-so. Maddeningly inconsistent, with moments of excellence and others of sheer dullness.
I'm not feeling the North: the Fist of the First Men is not at all how I pictured it. Strike that. Doesn't much matter how I picture it, or whether it's picture-perfect, as long as it translates on screen. It's nowhere near close enough to how GRRM described it. It's supposed to be a rugged, relatively inhospitable boreal forest, not some arctic wasteland. It doesn't help that I never liked the Jon arc in the first place, let alone what they've done with Ygritte & the Halfhand.
And at least we'll be able to easily fast-forward through the Robb-Talisa scenes on the BluRay (cable OnDemand's ff sucks).
470	Lord Tywin	2012-06-02	Episodes 6, 7 & 8 were all just so-so. Maddeningly inconsistent, with moments of excellence and others of sheer dullness.
I'm not feeling the North: the Fist of the First Men is not at all how I pictured it. Strike that. Doesn't much matter how I picture it, or whether it's picture-perfect, as long as it translates on screen. It's nowhere near close enough to how GRRM described it. It's supposed to be a rugged, relatively inhospitable boreal forest, not some arctic wasteland. It doesn't help that I never liked the Jon arc in the first place, let alone what they've done with Ygritte & the Halfhand.
While Coster-Waldau is doing a fine job, I'm ambivalent about how they handled the escape attempt & his release, especially when considered in tandem with he somewhat bizarre changes elsewhere. Maybe it'll seem better after further viewings.
And at least we'll be able to easily skip the Robb-Talisa scenes on the BluRay (OnDemand tv's fastforward sucks).
471	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Rated it a generous 7.
Pros:
Relaxed pace
Great cinematography 
Theon and Asha (Yara)
Talisa's ass
Stannis and Davos
Cons:
Jon
Daenerys
Arya (too rushed)
Robb and Talisa
472	Ran	2012-04-29	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 20 May 2012 - 06:21 PM.
473	Fragile Bird	2012-05-20	All and all, a pretty sad episode, considering where all the characters are headed off to.  They could have called it, The Forks in the Road.
474	FirelordSylar22	2012-05-20	Amazing episode, very calm before the storm-ish.
475	justashadow	2012-05-21	Good point Firelord.
Liked Yara this episode..she finally has some human quality to her. Too bad, Theon doesn't.
Did Halfhand set Jon up with the wildings..he did make a comment, "Do what you have to do" or something like that.
Also, Tyrion/Varys scenes. 
Brienne's reaction to Jaime - priceless.
 Didn't think that it would be that easy to walk out of Harrenhall but I liked how Arya set Jaqen up .
And lastly, Bran and Rickon - good ending...Nobody would have thought.
My guess is that some storylines are most likely finished as next week will be the big battle scene and Dany's visit to the HotU. I figure Jon & Arya in finale.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 21 May 2012 - 01:16 AM.
476	teamocil	2012-05-21	This was the most aggravating episode by far.  I hate it when major plot developments hinge upon characters acting unaccountably stupidly, and in this episode, everyone seems to have dropped about 50 IQ points compared to before.Theon acted like an idiot, but at least that is consistent with before.  But do his men not see that they are completely screwed if they stick around Winterfell?Arya apparently just dicked around doing nothing, until... Tywin just leaves?  That's it?  All that awesome Tywin/Arya interaction, and that's the resolution?  They just go their separate ways?  This retroactively ruins all those great scenes from before.Tywin : why exactly is he hurrying off to fight Robb right now?  Wouldn't it make more sense, if he's going to leave, to help out his beseiged kids at King's Landing?Robb : it's hard to believe that someone so good at tactics and strategy could fail to see that backing out of his marriage contract is going to cause problems down the line.Catelyn: yes, we know from last season that she's not the brightest bulb, but holy shit, it is not believable that anyone would be so stupid as to release Jaime like that, with no reason to think that the Lannisters would give her kids back.It was also frustrating to have no development on the Dany / dragon plot line.  I've been loving this season, but this episode was a major step down.  At least it looks like next week's episode will be epic!
477	drigoly	2012-05-21	This was the most aggravating episode by far. I hate it when major plot developments hinge upon characters acting unaccountably stupidly, and in this episode, everyone seems to have dropped about 50 IQ points compared to before.Theon acted like an idiot, but at least that is consistent with before. But do his men not see that they are completely screwed if they stick around Winterfell? Arya apparently just dicked around doing nothing, until... Tywin just leaves? That's it? All that awesome Tywin/Arya interaction, and that's the resolution? They just go their separate ways? This retroactively ruins all those great scenes from before. Tywin : why exactly is he hurrying off to fight Robb right now? Wouldn't it make more sense, if he's going to leave, to help out his beseiged kids at King's Landing? Robb : it's hard to believe that someone so good at tactics and strategy could fail to see that backing out of his marriage contract is going to cause problems down the line. Catelyn: yes, we know from last season that she's not the brightest bulb, but holy shit, it is not believable that anyone would be so stupid as to release Jaime like that, with no reason to think that the Lannisters would give her kids back. It was also frustrating to have no development on the Dany / dragon plot line. I've been loving this season, but this episode was a major step down. At least it looks like next week's episode will be epic!* his own men are beginning to respect him, besides running off would mark them as traitors and they would be drowned* yes, but he is leaving her in the care of gregor clegane, maybe he thinks that no one with an iq of over 10 would consider running away from the most brutal men in Westeros, so maybe he would want her back someday?* when did he say that he is hurrying off to fight Robb? he just said that they need to force march through the night and that Robb shouldn't know that they are on the move, he didn't say where they are going nor whom they are going to fight /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />* He did know, but love > intelligence* aye
478	Fakko	2012-05-21	Tyrion & Roz:  Tyrion is still the Hand of the King and as such commands more control than the queen. Why can he not simply command her release?  Joffrey foolishly wants to go into battle so, it would not appear he is in league with Cersei on this matter, if he even knows about it. 
Also, I am dumbfounded that Tyrion's immediate response to Shae wasn't GTFO!  Why wouldn't he immediately send her away now that Cersei has shown her hand?
Tyrion & Varys is as good, if not better, than Varys & Littlefinger from season 1. 
A rather abrupt ending to the Arya & Tywin Show, but all good things ...
I like how she coerced Jaqen into helping her and her friends escape. 
It seems that Daenerys getting to The House of the Undying is as difficult as Clark Griswold getting to Wally World. 
The Days of our Lives: The Starks with Robb and his lovely field surgeon continues to bore the eyes from my skull. She is lovely (even more so naked), but their storyline is dull to me. 
Brienne and Jamie is interesting. I predict it not ending well for Brienne though. A dumb move for Catelyn though. I understand why she would do it, but it won't bear fruit IMO. 
Theon continues to struggle for validation from somewhere and gets nothing. So tragic.
479	drigoly	2012-05-21	Tyrion & Roz: Tyrion is still the Hand of the King and as such commands more control than the queen. Why can he not simply command her release?Cersei is not only the wife of the former king, she is also queen regent to Joffrey, meaning that Tyrion is her hand in fact but both know that their power is dependent on their father, so both have to be carefull not to publicaly sabotage each other.
480	justashadow	2012-05-21	Stannis &amp; Davos..they seemed  calm before battle. I thought Stannis asking Davos to be the Hand was spot on.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 21 May 2012 - 10:17 AM.
481	chico	2012-05-21	Joffrey foolishly wants to go into battle so, it would not appear he is in league with Cersei on this matter, if he even knows about it.I think Cersei is just trying to find ANY way to gain some traction at this point.  She is resorting to brute force, which means she's losing the knowledge/tactics game.  She has no control over Joffrey; Tyrion knows this, which is why he went along with things when they brought Roz in.  Tyrion is letting Cersei think she still has any cards left.Also, I am dumbfounded that Tyrion's immediate response to Shae wasn't GTFO! Why wouldn't he immediately send her away now that Cersei has shown her hand?Because Shae isn't in any danger.  If Cersei was so confident that she got the right whore, no need to freak out and do something rash.  Obviously Shae's quarters are still fairly safe.Tyrion & Varys is as good, if not better, than Varys & Littlefinger from season 1.I couldn't agree more.  Tyrion, Varys, AND Bronn though - oh my!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />A rather abrupt ending to the Arya & Tywin Show, but all good things ...I kind of figured we'd get something abrupt - either separate ways or Tywin finding out that it was Arya.  There really weren't many other options there...I like how she coerced Jaqen into helping her and her friends escape.Masterful.  I also like the implication, at least IMO, that agreeing to un-name him possibly means she's still got one more name to use.  After all, the guards were just in Jaqen's way to honoring this new agreement - Arya didn't name any of them.  I don't think we've seen the last of Jaqen - at least, I hope not.It seems that Daenerys getting to The House of the Undying is as difficult as Clark Griswold getting to Wally World.Yeah, what is that all about.  We get 1 scene with Dany & Jorah?  Bah.  That was a little weak...The Days of our Lives: The Starks with Robb and his lovely field surgeon continues to bore the eyes from my skull. She is lovely (even more so naked), but their storyline is dull to me.I don't agree here.  We needed to see Robb make a decision for himself.  "A King takes..." as many others have been wont to say.  I don't think he ever intended on marrying the Frey girl anyway; it was merely a war tactic.  He's been hell-bent on returning to Winterfell with the rest of his family intact.  He has no need for a wife or an alliance with a bridge owner hundreds of miles away.  I think it gives us a reason to continue to root for the Starks - just because Ned is gone and they are scattered to the wind, they are still good people just trying to find one another again.Brienne and Jamie is interesting. I predict it not ending well for Brienne though. A dumb move for Catelyn though. I understand why she would do it, but it won't bear fruit IMO.I didn't particularly like the way the scene with Jamie & Brienne was shot.  She kept turning her back to him and it didn't look like he was tied up other than his hands.  I'll have to re-watch the episode (of course), but surely he could have just grabbed her sword or dagger?Theon continues to struggle for validation from somewhere and gets nothing. So tragic.I disagree here.  I think Theon got a lot of validation from his sister.  She was reaching out and telling him that she's always loved him and he's realizing that he's always loved her.  So even if their father traded him away, his sister never forgot him.  And she doesn't want to leave him behind now, but the choice is his.  That's pretty validating in my book.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
482	justashadow	2012-05-23	I rewatched it again....I have to say that Bronn/Tyrion/Varys scenes had great dialogue especially Bronn.
483	WinterWarrior	2012-05-25	I watched the episode again and I have to comment on what a great actor the guy who plays Joffrey is. The scene where he is blustering about cutting a smile on Stannis' face and he pulls out his sword a little was so obnoxiously played, it was perfect. He really does the obnoxious clueless brat of a boy king role to the hilt. I think he is very, very, good in the role.
And I think the actor who plays Bronn has that role down perfectly as welll - and Varys too. The Varys/Tyrion scene which was part of the Joff scene is priceless. I could not imagine a better job of portraying Joff, Bronn, Varys and Tyrion than what these skillful actors are doing.
484	elementaru	2012-06-05	I watched the episode again and I have to comment on what a great actor the guy who plays Joffrey is. The scene where he is blustering about cutting a smile on Stannis' face and he pulls out his sword a little was so obnoxiously played, it was perfect. He really does the obnoxious clueless brat of a boy king role to the hilt. I think he is very, very, good in the role.couldn't agree more. though the character is very unlikable, actor that is portraying him is just wonderful - you have to admire him:)one question about the scene with Tyrion and that prostitute. I understand that queen decided that she is Tyrion's love because someone found some jewelry that she was carrying that was Tyrion's. can someone remind me how she got that jewerly? was it from first episodes when Tyrion was visiting Winterfell?also, why she was pretending that she is Tyrion's true love? what's in it for her? she may suffer torture, she is locked down, why is she just playing along? or does she really believe that Tyrion care for her?also, this is probably not from this episode, but can someone remind me, when Littlefinger was visiting Tywin, he didn't recognize Arya, right?
485	Ran	2012-04-29	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2012 - 06:01 PM.
486	Taterfields	2012-05-20	Here we go!
487	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	First time I've really liked Yara/Asha, ripping Theon like that.
488	Taterfields	2012-05-20	Yeah, that was great
489	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Here we go with Romeo and Juliet
490	Warden of the North121	2012-05-20	Ugh these Robb/Jeyne scenes are painful
491	Taterfields	2012-05-20	jaime and Brienne on the move!
492	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	Jaime/Brienne was really good
493	Taterfields	2012-05-20	Plenty of horses this episode!
494	moonsblood	2012-05-20	There better be some weasel soup up in this piece
495	moonsblood	2012-05-20	dragon glass!!!
496	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	Everything was nicely done so far.
497	Lady IronHeart	2012-05-20	Arya didn't have to kill anyone to escape Harrenhal?!! That's bs. So disappointed.
498	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	This episode has sucked so far.  Done with this Volantis bullshit.
499	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Arya didn't have to kill anyone to escape Harrenhal?!! That's bs. So disappointed.And no weasel soup wtf
500	birdsong66	2012-05-20	I actually turned it off.  Really quite a bad episode, this one.
501	gougef	2012-05-20	Tyrion and Varys - excellent!
502	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	"Imagine Stannis's terror"
"I am trying"
LOL
Loved this episode. All calm before the storm, things will be much more juicey when the battle starts. You guys do realize this is a bit like the series? All battles have preparation and this is where it's taken place.
The Dany scene with Jorah was really nicely done too. Brienne and Jaime just as expected. Cersei getting the wrong whore was nice since Tyrion acted so well to love her. 
Jon Snow, what you're going to get into....
Robb and the girl scene was good.
Varys talking with Tyrion about Dany's dragons as well, kind of ironic since well...Yeah, what happens in book five.
I loved every single episode so far, from season 1 to this.
Ay, Bran has heard the conversation Luwin...
503	BLU-RAY	2012-05-20	Oh my God the preview of Blackwater holy shit holy shit.
504	Malgarroth	2012-05-20	A couple minutes of Daenerys and no HoTU.
At first I raged a little when the credits rolled, then a thought occurred to me:
They requested an extra 15% of the budget for Blackwater... perhaps it wasn't just the battle they needed cash for?
Gods be good, I hope this means we're getting the proper visions.
505	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	Probably the most I've laughed at a GoT episode since uh...forever. Stannis's deadpan delivery about liking dogs...but we ate them anyway. Amazing. 
Everything with Varys and Tyrion? Gold. I was straight up laughing out loud. 
Jamie's dissing on Brienne? Stellar. NCW has great comedic timing. 
I thought it was a nice bridge/ set up episode. And I appreciate that they addressed Arya's wish to kill Tywin with the fact that he left too quickly and Jaqen had guard duty.
					
					
							Edited by Mya Murphy MacManus, 20 May 2012 - 09:03 PM.
506	Mark Antony	2012-05-20	Decent episode
Preview for next week = Chills.
507	Wilmot's K'Kompany	2012-05-20	No weasel soup but Jeyne and Robb making out.  This is the first episode I have not been too impressed with.  But still I got some Jaime and Brienne.
508	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	Oh, I also really loved Yara/Asha and Theon's interaction, especially given how we last encounter them in the books. Thought it was a great setup.
509	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	I must say, after pining for an episode all week long, I feel so let down.  Calm before the storm?  More like put into a coma.
And Talisa is staying as Talisa with even more stories of Volantis.  Who the hell knows who this broad is.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 20 May 2012 - 09:02 PM.
510	Tarandor	2012-05-20	And no weasel soup wtfThis makes me sad... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I guess since there was never a weasel they decided to axe the whole thing. SIGH.
511	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Quick thoughts from the episode:
- Yara was great.  That was her moment to shine.
- I still don't understand why they kept the Crag and the Westerlings but made Robb fall for a completely different character.  I don't hate it, I just don't get what they gain from it. 
- Jaime and Brienne are going to be go much fun to watch spar.
- Glad to see that Qhorin was with the Windlings so Jon's ending won't be changed.
Overall, a great setup episode for what should be the best episode yet.
512	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Oh, actually I have more:
- I definitely laughed a lot too.  And that usually revolved around Varys he killed it tonight.
- I knew Roz was going to be the whore that Cersei captured, and I was so happy to hear the "ashes in your mouth" comment.
- I hope we haven't seen the last of Jaqen because we need to get the coin and see him change faces.
513	DixiesArcher	2012-05-20	This episode was boring........... the last two need to finish the season off strong.
514	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	On another subject, the preview of Blackwater looks PHENOMENAL.
515	moonsblood	2012-05-20	So I guess Jaqen is gonna meet her on the road to give her the coin and the info about valor morghulis??
516	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	Pluses:
Asha/Yara was good this week, really good I think
Jaime/Brienne have good chemistry
I was pleased to see even more of Oona Chaplin /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
Tyrion/Varys is always good
Joffrey and Stannis were good for laughs
Astapor name drop
Negatives:
Weasel soup is a fun scene so I'm a bit disappointed it's apparently out
Talisa/Jeyne's backstory was boringly cliche
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 20 May 2012 - 09:09 PM.
517	Wilmot's K'Kompany	2012-05-20	Yes the Asha/Theon scenes were great.  I also liked when he wanted to send the gold for the farmer.  That was so twisted.  Kill the children, burn them and then send gold for your troubles.  Oh Theon.
518	arya horsefaceless	2012-05-20	Not a great episode...but it was more of a set up episode anyway. The Stannis/Davos scene was great...really hated the Rob/Talisa scene.  That was dreadful.
519	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Quick thoughts from the episode: - Yara was great. That was her moment to shine. - I still don't understand why they kept the Crag and the Westerlings but made Robb fall for a completely different character. I don't hate it, I just don't get what they gain from it. - Jaime and Brienne are going to be go much fun to watch spar. - Glad to see that Qhorin was with the Windlings so Jon's ending won't be changed. Overall, a great setup episode for what should be the best episode yet.I'm starting to think they are setting Jeyne up to betray Robb, why else would she continue this charade?
520	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	So I guess Jaqen is gonna meet her on the road to give her the coin and the info about valor morghulis??I would imagine that happens in the last episode, given the title. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
521	Istari	2012-05-20	Okay, they really need to set it straight:
is she Talisa? Or is she Jeyne Westerling 
Either way, I'm not feeling it. The romance between Robb and 'that chick' is just....pointless.
522	Ice Turtle	2012-05-20	Yes the Asha/Theon scenes were great.  I also liked when he wanted to send the gold for the farmer.  That was so twisted.  Kill the children, burn them and then send gold for your troubles.  Oh Theon.Kind of reminds me of Dany at the beginning of the ADwD.
523	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	Jaime/Brienne....got so amped when that scene started!!
ARYA WALKING OUT OF HARRENHAL WTF???? No weasel soup??  No COIN???
Talisa really who she says she is???  I kept hoping she'd turn out to be a lying, spying Jeyne Westerling...and they're sleeping together WITHOUT Robb having first heard of his brothers' deaths???  The WORST part of this episode.
Love Stannis, love Tyrion, though why "Ros" should stick her neck out for him, other than, I guess if she feels it will save her own skin, is beyond me, esp. after what she went through with Joff thanks to Tyrion...
SHOWING BRAN AND RICKON IN THE CRYPTS ALREADY?? WTF??
524	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Yes the Asha/Theon scenes were great. I also liked when he wanted to send the gold for the farmer. That was so twisted. Kill the children, burn them and then send gold for your troubles. Oh Theon.Well, they're doing a good job of using Dagmar instead of Reek.  Theon is rather naive, he thought the farmer would be alive instead of "fertilizing the fields."
525	House Snow	2012-05-20	Can someone remind me what exactly weasal soup is?
526	moonsblood	2012-05-20	I would imagine that happens in the last episode, given the title. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I really hope so I don't think I could handle no weasel soup AND no coin
527	mafalda	2012-05-20	Like another poster said, I don't get what they gain from the changes they do. This episode wasn't my favorite, but take Game of Thrones' worst episode and it's still better than any other show out right now.
I guess the HotU will be saved for the last episode, and I absolutely cannot wait for next week's eppy! Oh, and this is the first episode I actually liked Yara/Asha!
528	GOTgirl	2012-05-20	Where's the Weasel soup?!   Was looking forward to that scene...disappointed not to see it.  Liked the Asha (Yara) & Theon scene.
529	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	Oh, and I really appreciated how we got the best line from Bran's first chapter in AGoT. "Can a man be brave when he's afraid?" "That's the only time a man can truly be brave." Nice Ned callback.
530	ckal	2012-05-20	Only part of the episode I didn't like was Talisa telling that boring ass story about Volantis. So she actually is a Volanti? Then why mention the Crag and the Westerlings? I don't get that at all.
Everything else was fantastic.
No weasel soup? Don't care. Don't understand why people are so upset that's not in there.
Arya was not shown as escaping outside Harrenhall, by the way. They showed them going through a gate. It's entirely possibly Jaqen meets them efore they leave Harrenhall, but maybe not. I was/am still hoping that we get to see Jaqen kill some people with his sword. I'll be disappointed if not. I'll probably end up disappointed. Maybe in episode 10.
Battle of the Blackwater looks AWESOME.
531	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	The preview of â<U+0080><U+009C>Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D> really, really looked like a real movie.  You know, a feature film. Extremely well done!
532	fede989	2012-05-20	I'm starting to think they are setting Jeyne up to betray Robb, why else would she continue this charade?I think it might not be a charade after all, really disapointed. It must be said, this relationship has been one of the lowest point in the series so far.
533	Wilmot's K'Kompany	2012-05-20	I wonder if we will see Jaqen change.  I loved that scene in the book.
534	Trebla	2012-05-20	I'm a bit more sold on "Jeyne" after her backstory. Still don't care much for Robb marrying a foreign lady but at least she IS a lady. I thought they were trying to put in 21st century ideals about Robb falling in love with a lowborn girl. At least she is a good actress. I cannot stand Shae's acting. That scene with Tyrion was painful. Peter Dinklage is such a good actor and she is obviously not.
Also not liking that Stannis is a day away and Tyrion is just now getting around to planning the defense. And pig shit? Is this Barter Town?
Still, some good things: We had a Ser Kevan appearence. Yara and Theon had a good scene, as did Tyrion and Varys. The Ros scene was obvious for us book veterans but I'm warming to Lena Headey's Cersei portrayal. Feel like she is finding her stride.
Could care less about: No Weasel soup.
535	Iron Captain	2012-05-20	I think it might not be a charade after all, really disapointed. It must be said, this relationship has been one of the lowest point in the series so far.Yeah i'm starting to think she is either:a) From Volantis, or /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Jeyne Westernling sending letters to Tywin lannister.  Either one would be a huge change from the book, and one of the few changes I will not be happy with.
536	Triskan	2012-05-20	Probably the most I've laughed at a GoT episode since uh...forever. Stannis's deadpan delivery about liking dogs...but we ate them anyway. Amazing."First we ate the horses.  We weren't going to ride anywhere.  Next we ate the cats.  I never liked cats, so no problem."I don't think I got it perfect, but it was something like that. I was so iffy on Dillane in the first two or three episodes, but he's figured it out.
537	Jory's Shade	2012-05-20	I had felt the series was going to alter some main events, but this episode addressed them and tied them back into the narrative.  It left me very satisfied.  The following is just quick list of important details this episode provided:Dragonglass and the likely Horn of Joramun were discovered at the fist of firts men;Bran and Rickon are in the Crypts;Tyrion confirmed Valonqar IMHO;Varys and Tyrion alliance begins;Tyrion making preparations and reading siege history leads foreshadows hulking, hellfyre boat bomb/chain = probable;Jon will kill the Half-Hand in hand to hand;Dany's dragons likely will mature due to the  magic in the house of undying.A great set-up episode.
538	Iron Captain	2012-05-20	And pig shit? Is this Barter Town?Wasn't that what Bronn called the wildfire?
539	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Oh my God the preview of Blackwater holy shit holy shit.My thoughts exactly.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />A couple minutes of Daenerys and no HoTU.HotU is going to be in ep. 10.  We've known that for weeks, based off of ep. summary/teasers.I would imagine that happens in the last episode, given the title. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Exactly.I also missed the weasel soup stuff, but since she's never been called Weasel in the show, nor is there a tower basement full of high-born prisoners to free and take the castle, I can understand it being ommitted.On another note, I'm apparently the only one who didn't hate the scenes with Robb and Talisa, I guess.
540	Fragile Bird	2012-05-20	Can someone remind me what exactly weasal soup is?Weasel soup was the third death Arya asked for.  Unlike the HBO episode,  Arya gets Northern prisoners freed, who in turn take over Harrenhall.  Soup is cooked for the guards, and the boiling soup is used as a weapon.  She then gets chosen as Roose Bolton's cup-bearer, as opposed to the strange plot device of her being Tywin Lannister's cupbearer.
541	Triskan	2012-05-20	Still, some good things: We had a Ser Kevan appearence. Yara and Theon had a good scene, as did Tyrion and Varys. The Ros scene was obvious for us book veterans but I'm warming to Lena Headey's Cersei portrayal. Feel like she is finding her stride.What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober?  Was he talking about Ser Kevin?
542	StannisWins	2012-05-20	I wonder if we will see Jaqen change. I loved that scene in the book.Yea I was hoping for the face changing scene tonight, so I assume we're going to get it in episode 10.No way they drop that part of Arya's story.
543	Nu Valyr	2012-05-20	I fangirled so hard when Varys said the name Targaryen! I'm such a geek.
Alfie plays Theon so well. I hated him in the books, but now I feel really bad for him. 
The little bit between Brienne and Jamie was lovely. I need more of this next season! 
I'm kinda sad that we won't be seeing anymore of Arya-Tywin. They were great together. I'm, still disappointed in Jaqen H'ghar or maybe I just painted the wrong picture of him as I was reading the books. 
Last note--Even though I loved this episode and each of the story-lines, I felt like there were too many in this episode to move forward any of the plots. I was left wanting more at the end. IDK. 
Bring on the House of the Undying!!!
544	StannisWins	2012-05-20	I'm apparently the only one who didn't hate the scenes with Robb and Talisa, I guess.I thought they were good.I mean if Rob is going to do something as brash as blow off his pact with the Frey's they HAVE to show them falling in love. Having him show up at Riverrun and be married worked in the book because he didn't have a perspective, but in the show it's something that has to be seen.
545	Trebla	2012-05-20	Wasn't that what Bronn called the wildfire?ah, okay. I was wondering why he called it that. Thanks!
546	GOTgirl	2012-05-20	Also not liking that Stannis is a day away and Tyrion is just now getting around to planning the defense. And pig shit? Is this Barter Town?I agree...leaving quite a bit out about how much planning Tryrion really did do.
547	Nu Valyr	2012-05-20	What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober?  Was he talking about Ser Kevin?I think he was talking about Clegane.
548	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-20	Good episode. Jeyne is really hot, Jaime was wrong.All I want to know now is how the Battle of the Blackwater will be presented. The chain is not out of plans, or at least this episode made me think that way.Thank the Seven that GRRM is the writer of the episode.
549	Triskan	2012-05-20	Yea I was hoping for the face changing scene tonight, so I assume we're going to get it in episode 10.No way they drop that part of Arya's story.Seen the title for E10?  I'm pretty sure we'll get it.
550	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	No way they have time for the House of the Undying next week: itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on the wrong continent from â<U+0080><U+009C>Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D>.So  itâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll all be in â<U+0080><U+009C>Valar Morghulisâ<U+0080><U+009D>, which is ironic, since the Undying arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to, you know, die.
551	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	I'm starting to think they are setting Jeyne up to betray Robb, why else would she continue this charade?Okay, they really need to set it straight: is she Talisa? Or is she Jeyne Westerling Either way, I'm not feeling it. The romance between Robb and 'that chick' is just....pointless.Yes.  As an earlier post mentioned, what's the point of turning her into some random foreigner??  I don't think it's at all true to character for Jeyne to be complicit in Robb's betrayal, but that would at least be better than some wandering nurse from Volantis.  And for reals he's not at all worried about how this woman got to his camp, how she supports herself or WHO supports her and this brilliant military strategist has no qualms about sharing all this sensitive information with this strange, unsubstantiated girl?  And to throw everything away on her not out of grief and guilt over his brothers but because he's on the outs with Mommy and the girl's brother almost died once when they were kids???And while I'm at it, the Halfhand would never get captured.  Period.  And I don't think book Ygritte's nearly as smart as TV Ygritte, who's clearly already figured out what Qhorin's planning, though Jon probably hasn't, b/c TV Jon is a buffoon.
552	ckal	2012-05-20	What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober? Was he talking about Ser Kevin?He was talking about the Mountain. No idea why he was sitting at the table with Tywin and the other officers, but he commanded Gregor to keep Arya after he left. Tywin told Arya to keep him sober because that's how he does his best work.
553	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	[*]Tyrion confirmed Valonqar IMHO;Interesting.  How so?
554	J_Crews	2012-05-20	"First we ate the horses. We weren't going to ride anywhere. Next we ate the cats. I never liked cats, so no problem." I don't think I got it perfect, but it was something like that. I was so iffy on Dillane in the first two or three episodes, but he's figured it out.Yep, he's definitely hitting it now.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
555	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober? Was he talking about Ser Kevin?I think he was talking about Gregor.
556	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober?  Was he talking about Ser Kevin?Sorry about that, but see the answer is out there - Gregor is the mean drunk Tywin was warning about.
					
					
							Edited by towerofjoy, 20 May 2012 - 09:22 PM.
557	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Could care less about: No Weasel soup.Huh!?You mean you care so much that you could care less, or are you one of those people who say the opposite of what they mean?  Please clarify.
558	Lucazzy	2012-05-20	In regards to the aparant changes, here's what I'm thinking.
For Arya, I was also dissapointed with no Weasel Soup. I got all excited when Hot Pie was brought in, I was sure they would use him for that! But Weasel Soup actually is important to the plot, because without it Bolton doesn't get Harrenhal. So here's what I'm thinking. Jaqen uses the Weasel Soup to free prisoners like in the book, and Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie escape in the confusion of the castle being taken by northmen. This can be in the finale, because it would be one hell of a scene.
Same for Dany. In the finale, she will get her climax in the House of the Undying.
Blackwater looks SO EPIC. I swear to god, next week I am going all out. Maybe I'll even buy popcorn /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> . 
Jeyne/Talisa can also be a twist that will be saved for the finale. After Robb falls in love with her he finds out she's actually a member of a family sworn to the Lannisters! How would that be for an end to Robb's season 2 story?
I'm hoping my predictions become true. TBH I understand why the writers are doing what they are doing. The battle is the climax of Tyrion/Cersei/Stannis/Davos, but the actual finale is the climax of Jon/Dany/Arya/Bran/Theon/etc.... The final chapters in book 2 were good, but if they hold all the great scenes for the finale it can be sure to end with a bang. Especially because they have to have something that can even compare with Blackwater's epicness.
559	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	Probably the most I've laughed at a GoT episode since uh...forever. Stannis's deadpan delivery about liking dogs...but we ate them anyway. Amazing. Everything with Varys and Tyrion? Gold. I was straight up laughing out loud. Jamie's dissing on Brienne? Stellar. NCW has great comedic timing. I thought it was a nice bridge/ set up episode. And I appreciate that they addressed Arya's wish to kill Tywin with the fact that he left too quickly and Jaqen had guard duty.Agreed. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
560	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Yes. As an earlier post mentioned, what's the point of turning her into some random foreigner?? I don't think it's at all true to character for Jeyne to be complicit in Robb's betrayal, but that would at least be better than some wandering nurse from Volantis. And for reals he's not at all worried about how this woman got to his camp, how she supports herself or WHO supports her and this brilliant military strategist has no qualms about sharing all this sensitive information with this strange, unsubstantiated girl?Pretty sure you nailed it there: WHO supports her.  That is, his nurse is clearly supported by the WHO â<U+0080><U+0094> the World Health Organization.
561	House Snow	2012-05-20	My thoughts exactly. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> HotU is going to be in ep. 10. We've known that for weeks, based off of ep. summary/teasers. Exactly. I also missed the weasel soup stuff, but since she's never been called Weasel in the show, nor is there a tower basement full of high-born prisoners to free and take the castle, I can understand it being ommitted. On another note, I'm apparently the only one who didn't hate the scenes with Robb and Talisa, I guess.You aren't the only one, not to be a jerk but I think book fans are being a little ridiculous on this front.  People seem to want Robb and Jeyne/talisa to just look at easch other fall in love get marry and voila.  The way GRRM set it up was never going to work for TV.  They were going to have to set up a love story and love stories are usually pretty corny, but thats the price GRRM pays for setting it up the way he did.  I'd rather the show at least make us care about the people involved before the RW.
562	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Good episode. Jeyne is really hot, Jaime was wrong.Well there is a theory that Jaime didn't actually see Jeyne but someone else.   But I wont go there now.
563	Trebla	2012-05-20	What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober? Was he talking about Ser Kevin?No I think he was talking about the Mountain. He left Gregor in charge and he told Arya to try to keep him sober. Basically Tywin gave her a death sentence! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Speaking of the Mountain....let's talk about the MOST IMPORTANT question of the show! Who are the three men that Jaime think might be able to best him!?!?! I'd say the Mountain and the Hound for sure. Who is the third? In the books he does think about the men who are stronger than him: The Cleganes, Robert, the Greatjon, and Strongboar. I hope Jaime brings back this topic again so he can give the audience a mention to who I think the third is: The Red Viper. Would be a good setup to next season. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 20 May 2012 - 09:33 PM.
564	ckal	2012-05-20	Lucazzy-
We still have yet to see how Roose will take Harrenhall from Gregor. If he does at all. Won't be this season though probably.
565	Mark Antony	2012-05-20	i honestly hate all the Jon Snow/Qhorin/Ygritte changes, they weren't necessary at all imo
					
					
							Edited by WuTangWesteros, 20 May 2012 - 09:24 PM.
566	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-20	I had an opinion on this episode. Then I saw Oona Chaplin naked. Can't seem to remember anything else. I'll try. The last few weeks, I've been pretty adament about who I believed she was. Apparently, they went to the Crag without incident. And, then she had that story about Volantis. Either I was right and D&D are trying to throw everyone off her scent some more or...not. No idea where this is going. But, I enjoyed Oona's performance in this episode. Her acting, too.
First time I remember seeing Yara do anything of note for awhile. I'm trying to decide if she was too sentimental with Theon. I always got the impression that she really did care for Theon on some level. However, I'm not so sure if I like how overt she was here. I think the warning in itself was enough to show that she didn't want him to die. I probably could've done without the anecdote.
Sad to see the Arya/Tywin love affair come to an end, but, the scene where Arya names Jaqen was played great. Not sure if I fully buy his rationale for vetoing the Tywin choice...because she named him only to save Robb's life, not just because she wanted Tywin dead? Not sure if there's book precedent. Someone help me. I suppose you could twist it to fit FM ideology. The show needs more Hot Pie. Good to see him again, finally. And, Pod. Hope they let him speak soon. The chuckle was a start. It'll happen for you, Pod. Look how long Rickon had to wait.
Scenes at King's Landing was great, between Varys/Tyrion/Bronn, Varys/Tyrion, and Cersei/Tyrion. I got off just as much watching the verbal sparring as I did watching Oona and Robb do the other kind of sparring. Finally, Ros serves a purpose. It only took a season and a half.
Forget Dragonglass, I was really hoping the First Men left toothpaste under that rock. Dragonglass will do, though.
The episode cemented for me how happy I am with Stephen Dillane as Stannis. Still waiting for it to click with Davos, though. Hopefully next week...it should be his shining moment.
I didn't buy it when others sold it. But, I'm beginning to think Dagmer is indeed...the Bastard.
Next week, man. Death. Destruction. Turmoil. It's going to be awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 20 May 2012 - 09:41 PM.
567	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	i honestly hate all the Jon Snow/Qhorin/Ygritte changes, they weren't necessary at all imoYou honestly all?Edit:You sneaky ninja.
					
					
							Edited by MyGiantofLannister, 20 May 2012 - 09:24 PM.
568	CindySnow	2012-05-20	This episode was just ok for me. I enjoyed the Theon/Asha/Yara scene the most. I am glad that Jon has been reunited with the Halfhand so that story will continue as I had hoped. Brienne and Jamie are a match made in Westeros heaven and I can not wait to see more of them together! I DO NOT like anything about the Robb/Talisa nonsense. It is terrible. As for the Weasel Soup, I did not think it would be shown. Arya was not known as Weasel on the show so leaving it out was no big deal.
Next week is going to be awesomeeeee!!!!!!
					
					
							Edited by CindySnow, 20 May 2012 - 09:26 PM.
569	House Snow	2012-05-20	Weasel soup was the third death Arya asked for. Unlike the HBO episode, Arya gets Northern prisoners freed, who in turn take over Harrenhall. Soup is cooked for the guards, and the boiling soup is used as a weapon. She then gets chosen as Roose Bolton's cup-bearer, as opposed to the strange plot device of her being Tywin Lannister's cupbearer.Thanks, how were people expecting them to set this up with what we had seen to date.  I guess did people expect for Northereners to get captured?
570	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	Haha - or the Westeros Health Organization...
571	Triskan	2012-05-20	Pretty sure you nailed it there: WHO supports her.  That is, his nurse is clearly supported by the WHO â<U+0080><U+0094> the World Health Organization.Absolutely wrong.  Have you even read the books?  She is with Medicines Sans Frontieres.
572	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-20	It's worth notice the relation between the First Men and the Obsidian daggers and arrow tips. It was not Benjen, neither the COTF. Just a treasure.
573	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	Yeah i'm starting to think she is either: a) From Volantis, or /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Jeyne Westernling sending letters to Tywin lannister. Either one would be a huge change from the book, and one of the few changes I will not be happy with.See, I thought the real shocker would be if the letters were coming from Roose Bolton.  I bet they want you to think its coming from the foreign whooooore (say it like on the Sopranos!), but its really coming from one of his commanders.  It'll make sense when Roose changes sides at the end of next season.
574	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I had felt the series was going to alter some main events, but this episode addressed them and tied them back into the narrative....Definitely.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I thought they were good. I mean if Rob is going to do something as brash as blow off his pact with the Frey's they HAVE to show them falling in love. Having him show up at Riverrun and be married worked in the book because he didn't have a perspective, but in the show it's something that has to be seen.My thought as well.Jeyne is really hot, Jaime was wrong.Oona Chaplin might just be worth a kingdom...  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
575	StannisWins	2012-05-20	i honestly hate all the Jon Snow/Qhorin/Ygritte changes, they weren't necessary at all imoI think they just wanted to get Ygritte more screen time which is fine by me. Makes sense to develop their relationship on screen.
576	ckal	2012-05-20	No I think he was talking about the Mountain. He left Gregor in charge and he told Arya to try to keep him sober. Basically Tywin a death sentence! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Speaking of the Mountain....let's talk about the MOST IMPORTANT question of the show! Who are the three men that Jaime think might be able to best him!?!?! I'd say the Mountain and the Hound for sure. Who is the third? In the books he does think about the men who are stronger than him: The Cleganes, Robert, the Greatjon, and Strongboar. I hope Jaime brings back this topic again so he can give the audience a mention to who I think the third is: The Red Viper. Would be a good setup to next season. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Ah yes!And dammit! I forget which chapter in which book he talks about this! Didn't he mention Robert Baratheon in his prime as a worthy foe? Possibly Barristan the Bold? I don't remember. But in tonight's episode in typical Jaime fashion, he never said anyone could beat him. He said there are only a few who might be able to best him.
577	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	No I think he was talking about the Mountain. He left Gregor in charge and he told Arya to try to keep him sober. Basically Tywin a death sentence! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Speaking of the Mountain....let's talk about the MOST IMPORTANT question of the show! Who are the three men that Jaime think might be able to best him!?!?! I'd say the Mountain and the Hound for sure. Who is the third? In the books he does think about the men who are stronger than him: The Cleganes, Robert, the Greatjon, and Strongboar. I hope Jaime brings back this topic again so he can give the audience a mention to who I think the third is: The Red Viper. Would be a good setup to next season. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Someone asked me this same question during the show and I quickly came up with The Hound and The Mountain, but I couldn't think of the third.  Selmy?  Jaime would think he is too old to beat him.  Loras? Jaime would think he is young.  I doubt he'd consider anyone from the North since they're not real knights.  The Red Viper certainly would set things up nicely for next season.  However, I think it was purposely left to be without an answer for this very reason: so that it'll start a discussion.
578	Triskan	2012-05-20	I totally agree that it makes sense to show and not tell the part about Robb falling in love.  It's going to be especially necessary for non-book audience. 
Although y'all best back up off my joke about being worth a kingdom and all.  I trademarked that on the first page of last week's thread. 
I know like five lawyers from the GenChat forum.
579	Nu Valyr	2012-05-20	Speaking of the Mountain....let's talk about the MOST IMPORTANT question of the show! Who are the three men that Jaime think might be able to best him!?!?! I'd say the Mountain and the Hound for sure. Who is the third? In the books he does think about the men who are stronger than him: The Cleganes, Robert, the Greatjon, and Strongboar. I hope Jaime brings back this topic again so he can give the audience a mention to who I think the third is: The Red Viper. Would be a good setup to next season. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'm thinking Barristan Selmy or is he a little too old? I'd also say the Hound over the Mountain. Loras Tyrell maybe?
580	J_Crews	2012-05-20	....let's talk about the MOST IMPORTANT question of the show! Who are the three men that Jaime think might be able to best him!?!?! I'd say the Mountain and the Hound for sure. Who is the third?My money is on Ser Barristan Selmy.
581	boojam	2012-05-20	Arya didn't have to kill anyone to escape Harrenhal?!! That's bs. So disappointed.Seems Jaqen killed a dozen guards single handed, trivia for a FM.Alas we did not get to see him do it.
582	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Apparently, they went to the Crag without incident.When they returned from the Crag without her being recognized that pretty much killed any "She is Jeyne" feelings I had.  Ah well.  I just hope they did this for a reason but I'm honestly not seeing one.Forget Dragonglass, I was really hoping the First Men left toothpaste under that rock.For real.  What happened to Sam's teeth?  Is the snow made of sugar or something?
583	Jory's Shade	2012-05-20	Interesting. How so?He essentially quoted Maggy the Frog's prophecy word for word.  GRRM has said multiple times in interviews that D&D have insight into how the series will end.  I think that scene was a tip of the cap to all those who assumed it be him over Jaime. We'll see if lefty ends up killing her, but that scene confirms Tyrion for me.
584	Wilmot's K'Kompany	2012-05-20	Damn you HBO.  The guys get a feast of naked women and when us girls finally get a sniff of something you let the damn chick fall on him.  Here are my demands, get those edited out scenes of Robb on the net or give me Jaime naked.  I dont care if you cut from the battle of Blackwater or the HoU.  I want me some man skin.
585	Jory's Shade	2012-05-20	My money is on Ser Barristan Selmy.Agreed.
586	ServantOnIce	2012-05-20	My money is on Ser Barristan Selmy.I agree. The Clegane Brothers and Ser Selmy . .
					
					
							Edited by ServantOnIce, 20 May 2012 - 09:45 PM.
587	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	He essentially quoted Maggy the Frog's prophecy word for word. GRRM has said multiple times in interviews that D&D have insight into how the series will end. I think that scene was a tip of the cap to all those who assumed it be him over Jaime. We'll see if lefty ends up killing her, but that scene confirms Tyrion for me.Are you referring to the "ashes in your mouth" bit?  Because that was straight Tyrion dialogue from the books.  Unless I'm not thinking of the same scene you are.
588	ViennaGirl	2012-05-20	I've always liked Asha/Yara, but this week I LOVED her - she plays it exactly the way I'd picture her delivering her put-downs to Theon.
I'm glad Qhorin is back; don't love him getting captured, but this gets Jon's story back on track.
I am suddenly a Stannis fangirl - I want him to win! He's awesome! Eating horses and dogs - haha. His delivery is perfect.
Robb and Talisa or whoever - meh. I don't see what we gain from this.
I hope that as long as they're making changes, they keep Maester L alive at Winterfell - he can take Rickon. I want him to survive.
589	boojam	2012-05-20	Gezz the whole deal with Cat was awkward logic.
I am sure in the book she had a message from Tryion , showing that to Robb would have made more sense.
Having a message that the (false) Bran and Rickon were dead would have also made some impression on Robb.
Not that would have changed him from getting angry.
So real lack of continuity of logic in the Robb-Cat scene, it could have been fixed.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 20 May 2012 - 09:38 PM.
590	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Damn you HBO. The guys get a feast of naked women and when us girls finally get a sniff of something you let the damn chick fall on him. Here are my demands, get those edited out scenes of Robb on the net or give me Jaime naked. I dont care if you cut from the battle of Blackwater or the HoU. I want me some man skin.No question there. The gynosexuals have definitely had more than there fair share of the skin. When do will the androsexuals get their pound of flesh?
591	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	I thought they were good. I mean if Rob is going to do something as brash as blow off his pact with the Frey's they HAVE to show them falling in love. Having him show up at Riverrun and be married worked in the book because he didn't have a perspective, but in the show it's something that has to be seen.Idk, I think the whole Jeyne thing happened fast and took Robb as much by surprise as everyone else...not much thought or build up went into it, and I think it was important that we were blindsided it by it, just as he and everyone else was.  I never saw him as being particularly in love with Jeyne in the books, rather that he married her to preserve her honor, to do what was his duty, as he felt his father had raised him to do.  I don't see why that couldn't work on the show.  To me it's far more tragic, for him to have lost everything b/c he was, after all, still a boy- a lonely, inexperienced boy who made a fatal mistake for honor's sake and died for it, just like dad, than for him to have determinedly sacrificed everything for love...and I think a good actor with a good script could bring that pathos to life on screen.
592	Trebla	2012-05-20	Ser Barristan would be a good choice for the third since they changed his idol from the Sword of the Morning to Barristan the Bold.
593	StannisWins	2012-05-20	"Robb and Talisa or whoever - meh. I don't see what we gain from this."
Man I really really really don't understand people who are saying this. What we gain from this is a path to what could be one of the most amazing scenes on TV ever. Rob just can't show up and be married without us seeing how it happens. It has to be passionate as breaking his vow is a very, very big deal. So what we're seeing with Rob and Talisa/Jeyne and Cat releasing Jamie is set up for the Red Wedding.
This stuff is ESSENTIAL for people who haven't read the books.
					
					
							Edited by StannisWins, 20 May 2012 - 09:40 PM.
594	House Snow	2012-05-20	Man I swear ever scene with Stannis he looks like a completely different actor, are we sure he isn't a faceless man.  Also anyone think that "I would cut your face off" comment from Shae was a very interestin.  Where exactly is Shae from to say such a thing that sounds like what a facless man does.
595	Independent George	2012-05-20	Anyone else want to see a show where Bronn, Tyrion, and Varys drive around the country in a van solving mysteries? Anyone? Because I would pay cash money for that.
596	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	No question there. The gynosexuals have definitely had more than there fair share of the skin. When do will the androsexuals get their pound of flesh?Hey we got the full Monty from Theon in season 1...
597	StannisWins	2012-05-20	Idk, I think the whole Jeyne thing happened fast and took Robb as much by surprise as everyone else...not much thought or build up went into it, and I think it was important that we were blindsided it by it, just as he and everyone else was. I never saw him as being particularly in love with Jeyne in the books, rather that he married her to preserve her honor, to do what was his duty, as he felt his father had raised him to do. I don't see why that couldn't work on the show. To me it's far more tragic, for him to have lost everything b/c he was, after all, still a boy- a lonely, inexperienced boy who made a fatal mistake for honor's sake and died for it, just like dad, than for him to have determinedly sacrificed everything for love...and I think a good actor with a good script could bring that pathos to life on screen.I think the love story angle just plays better on TV. To me it makes a lot more sense that he marries her because he wants to vs his honor. Especially since he has to know that there will be severe repercussions.
598	Triskan	2012-05-20	So we are to assume it's the Spider who put Roz in the place of Shae, right?  And that she hasn't actually been abused?  It was all a show to convince Cercei she was in control?
599	Jory's Shade	2012-05-20	Are you referring to the "ashes in your mouth" bit? Because that was straight Tyrion dialogue from the books. Unless I'm not thinking of the same scene you are.Heh.  You are correct; I just browsed the chapter.  I could have sworn she said the "ashes in your mouth" quote, but she did not and Tyrion did.  I must be getting old.
600	House Snow	2012-05-20	Idk, I think the whole Jeyne thing happened fast and took Robb as much by surprise as everyone else...not much thought or build up went into it, and I think it was important that we were blindsided it by it, just as he and everyone else was. I never saw him as being particularly in love with Jeyne in the books, rather that he married her to preserve her honor, to do what was his duty, as he felt his father had raised him to do. I don't see why that couldn't work on the show. To me it's far more tragic, for him to have lost everything b/c he was, after all, still a boy- a lonely, inexperienced boy who made a fatal mistake for honor's sake and died for it, just like dad, than for him to have determinedly sacrificed everything for love...and I think a good actor with a good script could bring that pathos to life on screen.Damn you have a pretty strange definition of fast b/c it seems to me Robb fell for her in a blink of an eye. Should they have had 4 scenes before they hit the sack instead of six. Sheesh,
601	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Anyone else want to see a show where Bronn, Tyrion, and Varys drive around the country in a van solving mysteries? Anyone? Because I would pay cash money for that.I LOLed at this.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
602	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Hey we got the full Monty from Theon in season 1...Yup, and Hodor, too.  Talk about a Tower of Joy!Got a bit of Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s arse last season, too.And donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget the stunt-arse that Quaithe was ministering to last week.  I wonder whether Euron appreciated it properly?
603	Trebla	2012-05-20	. I hope that as long as they're making changes, they keep Maester L alive at Winterfell - he can take Rickon. I want him to survive.That's an interesting idea. It would solve the problem of separating the two princes. The question would be where would Luwin take Rickon? In the books, Osha has apparently taken him to Skagos. If we eliminate that plot line, where would a maester flee to?
604	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	Oh, I forgot my most favorite non-speaking comedic moment. After Tyrion and Bronn both try to pronounce the maester's name who wrote the siege book, when Varys pronounced it, Tyrion gave Bronn a look that pretty much said, "I fucking told you so!" 
I then turned to Dub and said, "I would watch a show with just the 3 of them every week."
605	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Damn you have a pretty strange definition of fast b/c it seems to me Robb fell for her in a blink of an eye...H3ll, I'm not too sure *I* didn't just fall for her!  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
606	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	"Robb and Talisa or whoever - meh. I don't see what we gain from this." Man I really really really don't understand people who are saying this. What we gain from this is a path to what could be one of the most amazing scenes on TV ever. Rob just can't show up and be married without us seeing how it happens. It has to be passionate as breaking his vow is a very, very big deal. So what we're seeing with Rob and Talisa/Jeyne and Cat releasing Jamie is set up for the Red Wedding. This stuff is ESSENTIAL for people who haven't read the books.I don't think the problem is that we're seeing what is happening.  At least that is not my problem.  The problem is why Talisa?  Why this Volantis woman instead of Jeyne?  They kept the Crag and the Westerlings, hell they have even BEEN to the Crag but instead of making this woman Jeyne they created a whole new character.  She serves the exact same purpose, the actress could fit the description for Jeyne, and they didn't entirely get rid of mention of the Crag/Westerlings so what do they gain by making her a Volantene medic instead of the daughter of a house of Westeros?
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 20 May 2012 - 09:49 PM.
607	dtones520	2012-05-20	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. 
My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.
608	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	First time I remember seeing Yara do anything of note for awhile. I'm trying to decide if she was too sentimental with Theon. I always got the impression that she really did care for Theon on some level. However, I'm not so sure if I like how overt she was here. I think the warning in itself was enough to show that she didn't want him to die. I probably could've done without the anecdote.Agree completely.It'll happen for you, Pod.  Look how long Rickon had to wait. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />But, I'm beginning to think Dagmer is indeed...the Bastard.I'm afraid I think he may be, too....
609	Warden of the North121	2012-05-20	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.You may be onto something. Just plain Talisa seems a bit stupid imo.
610	dtones520	2012-05-20	I don't think the problem is that we're seeing what is happening.  At least that is not my problem.  The problem is why Talisa?  Why this Volantis woman instead of Jeyne?  They kept the Crag and the Westerlings, hell they have even BEEN to the Crag but instead of making this woman Jeyne they created a whole new character.  She serves the exact same purpose, the actress could fit the description for Jeyne, and they didn't entirely get rid of mention of the Crag/Westerlings so what do they gain by making her a Volantene medic instead of the daughter of a great house of Westeros?When is it ever stated Robb has made it to the Crag? We know he left to go to the Crag, that's it.
611	Nu Valyr	2012-05-20	Oh, I forgot my most favorite non-speaking comedic moment. After Tyrion and Bronn both try to pronounce the maester's name who wrote the siege book, when Varys pronounced it, Tyrion gave Bronn a look that pretty much said, "I fucking told you so!" I then turned to Dub and said, "I would watch a show with just the 3 of them every week."I thought that was a funny scene too. I hope their bromance lasts longer in the TV series.
612	Warden of the North121	2012-05-20	Roose said to Robb that Ramsay is marching on Winterfell as we speak. Is he just playing him?
613	BLU-RAY	2012-05-20	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.Yeah, I completely agree with this, I don't think he's been to the Crag as yet.
614	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	Anyone know who Jeyne's actress is?
615	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-20	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.Good point. I wish the show would've made it more clear on whether or not they were stopped before arrival. When the rider came to inform Robb, Jeyne had this look of discomfort on her face. I wonder what that was about.
616	Triskan	2012-05-20	There is no fucking way that Ramsey Snow was just chillin' on a dock on the Iron Islands.  Do people think that Roose just magically knew that they'd be able to convince Theon to take Winterfell and set that plan in motion?  Hate this Dagmar = Ramsey business.
617	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.I don't think that's true.  Robb mentioned he would leave for the Crag and take Talisa with him.  And he would "return at dawn" according to Brienne.  So that implies he was gone.  This episode we see him and Talisa seemingly returning to the camp to the news that Jaime escaped.   I'm pretty sure he's already been to the Crag.
618	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	This Jeyne/Talisa business is nothing short of an eternal mindfuck.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 20 May 2012 - 09:54 PM.
619	ServantOnIce	2012-05-20	That's an interesting idea. It would solve the problem of separating the two princes. The question would be where would Luwin take Rickon? In the books, Osha has apparently taken him to Skagos. If we eliminate that plot line, where would a maester flee to?Oldtown abd meet Sam!
620	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	When is it ever stated Robb has made it to the Crag? We know he left to go to the Crag, that's it.It doesn't.  But he was scheduled to return at Dawn. So if he left to go to the Crag, and they all knew when he was coming home -- then he probably made it to the Crag and back.  If he didn't go to the Crag when he was absent from the camp then that is very misleading.
621	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.Here's to hoping you're right.  I can deal with Talisa from Volantis, but I prefer the Jeyne Westerling dynamic if possible.  I need to re-watch the ep. to see which direction the rider is coming from.
622	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	There is no fucking way that Ramsey Snow was just chillin' on a dock on the Iron Islands. Do people think that Roose just magically knew that they'd be able to convince Theon to take Winterfell and set that plan in motion? Hate this Dagmar = Ramsey business.I agree, Frisky. I think it's just that A) the guy LOOKS like a Bolton with the pale eyes and creepy voice, and B ) he's serving the same role that Reek did in the book...confusing the readers into thinking "How can there possibly be more than one insanely crazy little devil seemingly sitting on Theon's shoulder?" /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
623	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	I really, really, really wish these bellyachers could shut their gobs and appreciate the show for itself, for what it is, and not for what it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t â<U+0080><U+0094> and never was going to be.
624	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I agree, Frisky. I think it's just that A) the guy LOOKS like a Bolton with the pale eyes and creepy voice, and B ) he's serving the same role that Reek did in the book...confusing the readers into thinking "How can there possibly be more than one insanely crazy little devil seemingly sitting on Theon's shoulder?" /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I hope they do keep Dagmer around, though.  Hate to see him get killed-off.
625	Hedge Lawyer	2012-05-20	I generally don't complain about the show's changes (I actually prefer some of them- e.g. the new and improve Qarth story), but I'm a little troubleed / concerned about a few:1.  No mention of Tyrion's giant chain?  How will there be a Blackwater without the chain?  Even if it's there, the build-up to the chain was one of the best parts of ACoK, and it really showed Tyrion's brilliance.2.  I didn't like Cat setting Jaime free before hearing of Bran and Rickon.  It was the supposed death of her two sons that spurred her to free Jaime in the book.  Freeing him before hearing of their deaths doesn't make as much sense.  It seems out of character.  Her act in the book was pure desparation.  Here, there was no basis for such a rash act.3.  Why make Jeyne from Volantis?
626	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I really, really, really wish these bellyachers could shut their gobs and appreciate the show for itself, for what it is, and not for what it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t â<U+0080><U+0094> and never was going to be.YYou and me both.
627	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	Anyone know who Jeyne's actress is?Oona Chaplin, Charlie's granddaughter
628	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	I hope they do keep Dagmer around, though. Hate to see him get killed-off.Naw, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just some nobody. Definitely red-shirt material. Low pay rate and all that. Oh wait.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actually an Actor of Name, isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t he. Hmmm.....
629	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	I hope they do keep Dagmer around, though. Hate to see him get killed-off.Oh, I agree. Maybe he can take the place of the Walders as Reek's favorite "pets."
630	Fragile Bird	2012-05-20	Thanks, how were people expecting them to set this up with what we had seen to date. I guess did people expect for Northereners to get captured?The prisoners came from the battle Roose Bolton had backed off from, trying to cross the river down from Riverrun.  Vargo Hoat brought them to Harrenhall, after Tywin Lannister left.  The prisoners included  Robert Glover.  Vargo Hoat then switched sides, and shortly after Roose Bolton showed up and took over Harrenhall.ETA:  The important matter is that after weasel soup, Arya sees Jaquen change face, and asks him to teach her.  He tells her she would have to come with him she won't, so he gives her the coin and teaches her the words, valor morghulis.
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 20 May 2012 - 10:02 PM.
631	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	Oona Chaplin, Charlie's granddaughterAh, thank you /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
632	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	I don't think the problem is that we're seeing what is happening. At least that is not my problem. The problem is why Talisa? Why this Volantis woman instead of Jeyne? They kept the Crag and the Westerlings, hell they have even BEEN to the Crag but instead of making this woman Jeyne they created a whole new character. She serves the exact same purpose, the actress could fit the description for Jeyne, and they didn't entirely get rid of mention of the Crag/Westerlings so what do they gain by making her a Volantene medic instead of the daughter of a house of Westeros?Yup.Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.Really hope you're right.
633	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	3. Why make Jeyne from Volantis?Cause otherwise it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believable that Robb would get himself hitched to somebody heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fighting against.  The Westerlings are Lannister bannerman, after all. So the showrunners needed to find a way to make it believable. If he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think of her as an enemy, then maybe he can toss her a bone without fearing itâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll get nipped off by filed-down teeth.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 20 May 2012 - 10:02 PM.
634	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I didn't like Cat setting Jaime free before hearing of Bran and Rickon. It was the supposed death of her two sons that spurred her to free Jaime in the book. Freeing him before hearing of their deaths doesn't make as much sense. It seems out of character. Her act in the book was pure desparation. Here, there was no basis for such a rash act.Sigh.This again.Jaime would've never lived to see the morning.  Karstark was right there in camp, stirring-up trouble, as opposed to off with Robb like in the book.  If anything, the way the show did it makes more sense, not less, than her letting him go in some desperate (and probably misguided) hope that it'll get her the girls back.  She knows, for a fact, that if the Karstarks kill him, the girls are dead meat.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 20 May 2012 - 10:06 PM.
635	Hedge Lawyer	2012-05-20	Cause otherwise it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believable that Robb would get himself hitched to somebody heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fighting against. The Westerlings are Lannister bannerman, after all. So the showrunners needed to find a way to make it believable. If he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think of her as an enemy, then maybe he can toss her a bone without fearing itâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll get nipped off by filed-down teeth.GRRM made it work in the book- the Westerlings were a family that used to be the power in the Westerlands before the rise of the Lannisters.  Honestly, it's a stretch either way.
636	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Sigh. This again. Jaime would've never lived to see the morning. Karstark was right there in camp, stirring-up trouble, as opposed to off with Robb like in the book. If anything, the way the show did it makes more sense, not less, than her letting him go in some desperate (and probably misguided) hope that it'll get her the girls back. She know, for a fact, that if the Karstarks kill him, the girls are dead meat.I agree with you.  But I can also understand why others are bothered by it.  In the books this is a reaction of Catelyn's because she thought she only had her two (maybe only one) children left besides Robb.   Here, I can understand Karstark's anger that Catelyn released Jaime for her children while he can't get revenge for his.  It just changes slightly the dynamics of the decision that Catelyn made.
637	Howdyphillip	2012-05-20	Cause otherwise it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believable that Robb would get himself hitched to somebody heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fighting against. The Westerlings are Lannister bannerman, after all. So the showrunners needed to find a way to make it believable. If he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think of her as an enemy, then maybe he can toss her a bone without fearing itâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll get nipped off by filed-down teeth.So you are saying that the story as it is written by GRRM is unbelievable? Stop, take a breath, and think for a minute. I am sure you have a valid point here, but it just hasn't been delivered? Are you trying to say that the plot of Jeyne may be too convoluted to come across easily to a TV audience?
638	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	Can we stop bitching about Robb and Talisa's scenes (I thoroughly enjoyed them tonight and completely understand the need to show Robb falling in love - esp. since they aged him up) and get to the matter at hand? The hottest chick on the show got NEKKID this week. Seriously. Oona is gorgeous. I may be girl-crushing. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
639	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I agree with you. But I can also understand why others are bothered by it. In the books this is a reaction of Catelyn's because she thought she only had her two (maybe only one) children left besides Robb. Here, I can understand Karstark's anger that Catelyn released Jaime for her children while he can't get revenge for his. It just changes slightly the dynamics of the decision that Catelyn made.I jut feel it was probably the least damaging and arguably the most plausible change we've seen thus far, yet people have lost their minds over it.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 20 May 2012 - 10:11 PM.
640	rmholt	2012-05-20	Well, they're doing a good job of using Dagmar instead of Reek. Theon is rather naive, he thought the farmer would be alive instead of "fertilizing the fields."Reek is coming - Roose has sent him to Winterfell.
641	Hedge Lawyer	2012-05-20	Sigh. This again. Jaime would've never lived to see the morning. Karstark was right there in camp, stirring-up trouble, as opposed to off with Robb like in the book. If anything, the way the show did it makes more sense, not less, than her letting him go in some desperate (and probably misguided) hope that it'll get her the girls back. She know, for a fact, that if the Karstarks kill him, the girls are dead meat.What's with the condescension?  Your explanation doesn't exactly hold water.  Jaime killed Karstark's son- in the book and in the show- long before Cat let him loose.  Karstark could have murdered him long before.  Karstark was in Riverrun in the book while Jaime was prisoner, after the Whispering Woods, yet didn't kill him.  He didn't, because he was obeying Robb.  In the book, Karstark goes psycho after Cat releases Lannister. Cat's rationale for releasing Jaime has nothing to with Karstark, and there's no absolute logic dictating that but for Cat's releasing him, he would have undoubtedly killed Jaime.  It's a stretch.
642	Mya Stone	2012-05-20	So you are saying that the story as it is written by GRRM is unbelievable? Stop, take a breath, and think for a minute. I am sure you have a valid point here, but it just hasn't been delivered? Are you trying to say that the plot of Jeyne may be too convoluted to come across easily to a TV audience?Hey HP! I honestly believe in aging up Robb (and all of the characters) giving him a plausible, straight-forward love story with Talisa makes sense to me. Given the fact that Old Man Frey is going to be SUPER pissed that Robb has chosen a dirty foreigner (Re: GWB voice there), it's going to be even more of an insult than marrying a girl from the same level house that they Freys are, and still serves the same purpose (at an even deeper level) - getting the Freys to host the RW. IMO, of course. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Mya Murphy MacManus, 20 May 2012 - 10:13 PM.
643	birdsong66	2012-05-20	Sigh. This again. Jaime would've never lived to see the morning. Karstark was right there in camp, stirring-up trouble, as opposed to off with Robb like in the book. If anything, the way the show did it makes more sense, not less, than her letting him go in some desperate (and probably misguided) hope that it'll get her the girls back. She knows, for a fact, that if the Karstarks kill him, the girls are dead meat.and yet....There Karstark was blabbering on about what she had done when mere hours before he himself was set on beheading Jaime, which would have been less an act of treason in what way exactly?
644	Lannes	2012-05-20	Seems the bloom is somewhat off the rose for Alan Sepinwall over at HitFix-http://www.hitfix.co...ell-fear-itself
645	Aegnor	2012-05-20	I'm not a purist, but Cat freeing Jamie before she finds out about Bran and Rickon bugs the hell out of me. Honestly I'm just trying to pretend it didn't happen.
646	rmholt	2012-05-20	Two things:
Catelyn and Jaime - losing her husband and fearing for two daughters is enough to trade Jaime.  Trust me. Bran and Rickon "dying" is piling on.
Talisa: It seems to me that they replaced Jeyne for her so they could get in a little backgroun on the slave cities.  Not a bad idea.
Jaqen isnt done with Arya - she hasnt taken his name back
647	StannisWins	2012-05-20	Seems the bloom is somewhat off the rose for Alan Sepinwall over at HitFix- http://www.hitfix.co...ell-fear-itselfOne hour that he felt was disjointed and D&B are losing control of the story. He's usually better than that.
648	Currawong	2012-05-20	I'm not a purist, but Cat freeing Jamie before she finds out about Bran and Rickon bugs the hell out of me. Honestly I'm just trying to pretend it didn't happen.But as explained, it makes perfect sense in the context of the TV show.   Deal with it on those terms.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 20 May 2012 - 10:17 PM.
649	rmholt	2012-05-20	Cause otherwise it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believable that Robb would get himself hitched to somebody heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fighting against. The Westerlings are Lannister bannerman, after all. So the showrunners needed to find a way to make it believable. If he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think of her as an enemy, then maybe he can toss her a bone without fearing itâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll get nipped off by filed-down teeth.Westerlings were Lannister bannermen which is why the Mom conspired with Tywin once the marriage happened.  But Robb TOOK the crag, so they were his.  And Jeyne never acted as if her romnce with Robb was anything but the real thing.
650	Lannes	2012-05-20	One hour that he felt was disjointed and D&B are losing control of the story. He's usually better than that.Agree. He's been a very enthusiastic reviewer thus far....
651	StannisWins	2012-05-20	I'm not a purist, but Cat freeing Jamie before she finds out about Bran and Rickon bugs the hell out of me. Honestly I'm just trying to pretend it didn't happen.Is there a huge difference between B & R being dead, and B & R being held captive in a castle that's about to be under siege? Either way Cat's a mess and desperate to protect her kids any way that she possibly can. Since Jamie looked like he wasn't long for this world, she acted the only way she knew how.It must be SO difficult to fit this book into 10 hours. Why can't people realize that and brush off the small things? Either way Jamie and Brienne are off on their adventure. Who cares about the tiny details of how it came about?
					
					
							Edited by StannisWins, 20 May 2012 - 10:21 PM.
652	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	Did anyone else note the slip up the writers had in this episode?Karstark - "I would carve out my heart and offer it to The Father if he would let my sons wake from their graves".Karstark is a man of the North!  A worshiper of the Weirwoods.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 20 May 2012 - 10:19 PM.
653	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	I actually turned it off. Really quite a bad episode, this one.Translated: I didn't watch it, yet have an opinion anyway.
654	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Can we stop bitching about Robb and Talisa's scenes (I thoroughly enjoyed them tonight and completely understand the need to show Robb falling in love - esp. since they aged him up) and get to the matter at hand?And we now have proof Joffrey was aged-up considerably as well.  He's 17 in the show as opposed to 12-13 (I said he was 16-17 and people thought I was nuts).The hottest chick on the show got NEKKID this week. Seriously. Oona is gorgeous. I may be girl-crushing. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />You can't have her.  She's mine.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />What's with the condescension? Your explanation doesn't exactly hold water. Jaime killed Karstark's son- in the book and in the show- long before Cat let him loose. Karstark could have murdered him long before. Karstark was in Riverrun in the book while Jaime was prisoner, after the Whispering Woods, yet didn't kill him. He didn't, because he was obeying Robb. In the book, Karstark goes psycho after Cat releases Lannister. Cat's rationale for releasing Jaime has nothing to with Karstark, and there's no absolute logic dictating that but for Cat's releasing him, he would have undoubtedly killed Jaime. It's a stretch.My apologies for the condescension, but this has been argued to death by others, and my frustration leaked-into my post.  Mea culpa.  As for the argument, Karstark was gone with Robb when he marched, not in the camp, getting everybody drunk and riled-up to kill Jaime.
655	rmholt	2012-05-20	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.Ummmm - how the heck would Jeyne know anything about Volantis and slave cities.  It didnt seem to be all common knowledge (eg tattoos) since Tyrion appears to be learning about it as he goes along in ADWD.I'm gonna say they made a GREAT decision by replacing Jeyne since it doesnt take away from the rationale for the Red Wedding AND it gives them a chance to introduce the slave cities to us before dany gets there and stirs things up.
656	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Did anyone else note the slip up the writers had in this episode?Karstark - "I would carve out my heart and offer it to The Father if he would let my sons wake from their graves".Karstark is a man of the North!  A worshiper of the Weirwoods.Not a mistake at all, as I see it.  He's saying he'd worship even some foreign phony god if only that'd get his sons back.
657	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	Agree. He's been a very enthusiastic reviewer thus far....I actually hadn't read Hitfix before. I love that there is an explicit ban on book purists posting in the comment thread LOL.
					
					
							Edited by zippypoodle, 20 May 2012 - 10:25 PM.
658	StannisWins	2012-05-20	I actually hadn't read Hitfix before. I love that there is an explicity ban on book purists posting in the comment thread LOL.It's a spoiler thing for people who haven't read the books. His earlier reviews had people posting things like. "Wow Joffrey is a jerk...can't wait until he dies in book 3!!!"
659	Lord Godric	2012-05-20	Ummmm - how the heck would Jeyne know anything about Volantis and slave cities. It didnt seem to be all common knowledge (eg tattoos) since Tyrion appears to be learning about it as he goes along in ADWD. I'm gonna say they made a GREAT decision by replacing Jeyne since it doesnt take away from the rationale for the Red Wedding AND it gives them a chance to introduce the slave cities to us before dany gets there and stirs things up.Well it takes away the fact that Jeyne's mum schemed with Tywin and that ultimately led to the collaboration between Walder and Tywin.
660	House Snow	2012-05-20	Ha, I remember when they first intro Talisa arguing that one of the reasons they were doing it is to get an exposition tool about Essos.  Not a bad idea IMO,
661	lostinwesteros	2012-05-20	@ DVD ROTS re the preview of the Battle of the Blackwater, Yes!  Yes!Last weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode was the one I got kinda disgusted with â<U+0080><U+0093> too â<U+0080><U+009C>soap-operayâ<U+0080><U+009D>, but liked this one a lot.  As per usual, it flew by and I could not believe it was over already when they started showing the credits.   Except I still claim the soap-opera dub for Jeyne W./Talisha, whoever -  she was such a strong character before this episode, but that was a pitifully weak tale she told about her brother...Corn!  Loved the tender moment Asha/Yara had with Theon about when he smiled at her as an infant, however brief;  but also liked her giving him hell about the [supposed] killing/taring of Bran and Rickon.  Both of these scenes make me like her a lot, which I never did in the books.I do hate to see the better part of Quorin Half-Handâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes/role taken away.  One of my very favorite characters, and HBO watchers will never know/appreciate him a fraction of what heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dueSo glad we've got M. Luwin safely down in the cavernsSo glad Varys is backLoved the speech Robb gave to his momLove that the Brienne/Jaime scenes have startedLooks like weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be out of Quarth soon â<U+0080><U+0093> thank the seven!  Though I am anxious to revisit what she sees in the House of the Undying â<U+0080><U+0093> at that point in the book, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think I knew enough to â<U+0080>getâ<U+0080><U+0099> even a tenth of it.Can't wait for the SanSan scene, maybe next week?Haven't been reading articles about the episodes -- guess we won't see the Red Wedding until Season 3?Loved reading all the other posts - what a great group of fans! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
					
					
							Edited by House of White and White, 20 May 2012 - 11:12 PM.
662	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Westerlings were Lannister bannermen which is why the Mom conspired with Tywin once the marriage happened. But Robb TOOK the crag, so they were his. And Jeyne never acted as if her romnce with Robb was anything but the real thing.Robb conquered their castle.  It was their choice to turn their cloaks and become his subjects, rather than his prisoners.
663	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	It's a spoiler thing for people who haven't read the books. His earlier reviews had people posting things like. "Wow Joffrey is a jerk...can't wait until he dies in book 3!!!"It's a spoiler thing for people who haven't read the books. His earlier reviews had people posting things like. "Wow Joffrey is a jerk...can't wait until he dies in book 3!!!"I get there, but there is a clear undercurrent (practically an undertow) of "shut up about the books because I don't care".
664	birdsong66	2012-05-20	Translated: I didn't watch it, yet have an opinion anyway.Translated:  I watched a half an hour of it, thought it boring, turned it off, and my opinion is that it was boring and somewhat disjointed for the half an hour I did watch, which was bad. /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
665	rmholt	2012-05-20	My money is on Ser Barristan Selmy.Sword of the Morning?
666	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Ummmm - how the heck would Jeyne know anything about Volantis and slave cities. It didnt seem to be all common knowledge (eg tattoos) since Tyrion appears to be learning about it as he goes along in ADWD. I'm gonna say they made a GREAT decision by replacing Jeyne since it doesnt take away from the rationale for the Red Wedding AND it gives them a chance to introduce the slave cities to us before dany gets there and stirs things up.You make a very interesting point. I certainly didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know squiddly-dot about Volantis before reading Dance.  It sounded like some flying version of Atlantis (flying  < â<U+0080><U+009C>â<U+0099>¬ Volare, Whoa oh oh oh! â<U+0099>¬â<U+0080><U+009D>).
667	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	Translated: I watched a half an hour of it, thought it boring, turned it off, and my opinion is that it was boring and somewhat disjointed for the half an hour I did watch, which was bad. /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />That was a long-winded way of saying "You're right".
668	MSUMC25	2012-05-20	Episode was boring...I hate Catelyn Stark, she starts this whole war capturing Tyrion which gets her husband killed, and then betrays her son which assists in getting him killed.
Anyone know why they don't just call Theon's Sister Asha?  Doesn't really make a difference just odd. 
Really wished they would have at least shown Dany at the HOTU and accomplished something this episode besides pure set up.
669	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Sword of the Morning?He's dead, though...
670	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	Episode was boring...I hate Catelyn Stark, she starts this whole war capturing Tyrion which gets her husband killed, and then betrays her son which assists in getting him killed. Anyone know why they don't just call Theon's Sister Asha? Doesn't really make a difference just odd. Really wished they would have at least shown Dany at the HOTU and accomplished something this episode besides pure set up.Avoid confusion with Asha and Osha.
671	birdsong66	2012-05-20	That was a long-winded way of saying "You're right".well thank the gods that someone was available to clear that up.
672	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	Sigh. This again. Jaime would've never lived to see the morning. Karstark was right there in camp, stirring-up trouble, as opposed to off with Robb like in the book. If anything, the way the show did it makes more sense, not less, than her letting him go in some desperate (and probably misguided) hope that it'll get her the girls back. She knows, for a fact, that if the Karstarks kill him, the girls are dead meat.This so much. They get to the same exact place by slightly different routes.
673	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	well thank the gods that someone was available to clear that up.Any time.
674	BLU-RAY	2012-05-20	I get there, but there is a clear undercurrent (practically an undertow) of "shut up about the books because I don't care".It wasn't always like that. It used to just ask for no spoilers.Eh, it's hard to blame him. I'm a huge fan of the books, obviously, but he's a TV reviewer, and he's made the choice to judge the series specifically on its merits as a TV show.  He always invites discussion in the comments on his reviews for all shows; and after posting a request for no spoilers at the end of his reviews, people crossed the line over and over again until he had to put a moratorium on any book talk at all.
675	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	Episode was boring...I hate Catelyn Stark, she starts this whole war capturing Tyrion which gets her husband killed, and then betrays her son which assists in getting him killed. Anyone know why they don't just call Theon's Sister Asha? Doesn't really make a difference just odd. Really wished they would have at least shown Dany at the HOTU and accomplished something this episode besides pure set up.There are any number of events which arguably started the war, or at least started the chain of events.  My personal choice is Cersei's selfish and stupid refusal to bear at least one of Robert's biological children. She even tells Sansa that you can love a man's children without loving the man. Had she borne at least one actual Baratheron, it would have quelled any suspicion of twincest.
676	rmholt	2012-05-20	Sword of the Morning? He's dead, though...Derp
677	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	It must be SO difficult to fit this book into 10 hours. Why can't people realize that and brush off the small things? Either way Jamie and Brienne are off on their adventure. Who cares about the tiny details of how it came about?Haha yes, Jaime and Brienne were the high point tonight...Don't mind changes with purpose that I think work well, and who knows, things I hate right now may end up working out in the end.  Hell I'm a supporter of a big change from Season One that I thought was more true to character and yet didn't really make the story make more sense for a TV audience, that being Drogo raping Dany on their wedding night.  Seemed to me that was more realistic and truer to what a Dothraki horselord would have done but then I would think most of the viewing audience would have a hard time buying the love Dany develops for him.  Didn't think it made for "believable" TV but truer to character.  I can brush off small things, my complaints are over things I see as important for character or plot development.  I can get over weasel soup and Ros vs. Alayaya and the fact that for some reason all the sex between Tyrion and Shae has been absent from this season; bigger changes that don't seem to have an important purpose are another matter for me.
678	pinkie10	2012-05-20	Why is no one talking about how great a job Tom Wlaschiha is doing as Jaqen H'ghar? The scene when Arya says his name and they have that whole conversation is just brilliantly acted on both parts. They really seem to have chemistry, maybe it's just Maisie Williams because she was fantastic with Tywin too but I think the Jaqen portrayal is amazing. He has a touch of humor and seriousness much like the books.
Also, Oona Chaplin is totally worth the kingdom.
One more thing. I don't think Jaime thinks of the Cleganes with such respect. Yes, they're both gifted, brutal killers and fighters but I think Jaime would think himself much better than those two. I would think Jaime Lannister would know many other knights more skilled and famous than The Hound and The Mountain. Selmy possibly even though he is old and Jaime is cocky as hell. Oberyn Martell? He proved himself to be pretty good, beating the Mountain later in the books. There must be better knights than the dogs.
					
					
							Edited by pinkie10, 20 May 2012 - 10:50 PM.
679	Winter's Prince	2012-05-20	Stannis will arrive within a day or two, so does that mean HBO is changing who wins hmmmm!!!! Tywin decided to go home. I know in the books Edmure "delayed" him so Tywin was forced to retreat and go south, but i'm not sure about this two day arrival thing.
680	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	Huh!? You mean you care so much that you could care less, or are you one of those people who say the opposite of what they mean? Please clarify.LOL at Stannis mode, but I'm right there with you. I usually just say "And how much less could you care?"
681	greatplans	2012-05-20	I was really hoping the First Men left toothpaste under that rock.FTW!!
682	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	Why is no one talking about how great a job Tom Wlaschiha is doing as Jaqen H'ghar? The scene when Arya says his name and they have that whole conversation is just brilliantly acted on both parts. They really seem to have chemistry, maybe it's just Maisie Williams because she was fantastic with Tywin too but I think the Jaqen portrayal is amazing. He has a touch of humor and seriousness much like the books.Totally agree.  Both fantastic portrayals.  Really enjoy their scenes.
683	So1ar	2012-05-20	we learned stannis is a dog lover. i knew there was a reason i loved stannis.
684	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-20	Please unname me.
LOL
685	arya horsefaceless	2012-05-20	What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober? Was he talking about Ser Kevin?He was talking about Gregor
686	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	i honestly hate all the Jon Snow/Qhorin/Ygritte changes, they weren't necessary at all imoWhat is with this "necessary" shit people keep throwing around? How can any change be neccesary, as in, it would be impossible for the show to exist if the change wasn't made? Because if that's not what you mean, then necessary is the wrong word and you need to go find the right one.As to whether the changes matter, they don't, practically to the point of that being an objective fact rather than a matter of opinion. Jon is still going to kill Qhorin to prove himself. Ygritte already spoke up on his behalf to the Lord of Bones. No meaningful change, except that Ygritte now has a better reason to speak up for him than she did in the book, which is a change for the BETTER.
687	madman2711	2012-05-20	The show purists / praisers are right 
Nothing is forbidden probably vampires and aliens will be very well received also
Why talysa and not jayne (Robb loves her in the book too) they spend almost a year married while his mother in law gives her birth control potions
Volantis noble famillies look more like dany than talysa but who cares this is just nitpicking
Last week D&d invented the "yellow" fork of the Trident
No vargo hoat/ no roose taking the harrenhal why bother roose is in the Robb "summer fun" Camp somewher between the Crag (around a day casual riding distance) and the "yellow fork" 
Riverunn probably wasnt build yet and Edmure is just reading and fishing while the riverlands are destroyed by Starks and Lannisters
Favorite scene Ros getting abused (probably D&D wanted some slack from the purists/ complainers so they have beaten their pet character as she was destroyed by the purists forums) 
The rest i will save for the NwR thread
And no i will not stop complaining about the show when it goes AWOL from the book logic
688	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	The show purists / praisers are right Nothing is forbidden probably vampires and aliens will be very well received also Why talysa and not jayne (Robb loves her in the book too) they spend almost a year married while his mother in law gives her birth control potions Volantis noble famillies look more like dany than talysa but who cares this is just nitpicking Last week D&d invented the "yellow" fork of the Trident No vargo hoat/ no roose taking the harrenhal why bother roose is in the Robb "summer fun" Camp somewher between the Crag (around a day casual riding distance) and the "yellow fork" Riverunn probably wasnt build yet and Edmure is just reading and fishing while the riverlands are destroyed by Starks and Lannisters Favorite scene Ros getting abused (probably D&D wanted some slack from the purists/ complainers so they have beaten their pet character as she was destroyed by the purists forums) The rest i will save for the NwR thread And no i will not stop complaining about the show when it goes AWOL from the book logicBest satirical post yet. Even better if you didn't realize it was satire when you posted it.
689	Rockroi	2012-05-20	I thought this was the most balanced and complete episode of the season.Here is what I liked:The Time Taken and the Time Spent: The best part of this episode was that it felt like every individual story-line was given the time and the space to grow and it did not feel like I was watching a â<U+0080><U+009C>Meanwhile-at-the-Legion-of-Doomâ<U+0080><U+009D> highlights.  The episode gave each part of the show the time it needed to feel real and fully formed.  This was maybe the only episode all season that did not feel fragmented and disjointed.  Heck, I even liked the Jon Snow parts. The King in the North (-West): Look, for reasons not entirely clear to me, some viewers do not like Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship with the Volantian woman.  But watching Robb comfortably talk to another woman (unlike Jon who with Ygritte has all the comfort of being naked on a nail-bed) is refreshing.  He seems to care about her and she seems to have a genuine affection for him (or is a double-agent).  When Robb said he did not want to marry the Frey girl, not only do I believe him but I kind of (sort of) understand him. Tylesa is a complete person filled with empathy, kindness, bravery, intelligence and decency.  And Robb is all those things as well.  And if she turns out to be a double-agent FUCK that's hot... wait, what? And before I forget- I liked that when they were having sex they both laughed.  FOR ONCE on this show sex is seen as a positive and fun event.   I mean, its going to kill Robb, but hey, still fun. And when he unloaded on Cat I was right there with him.  She fucked it up.  And she had to be told.  Robb told her.  And fuck her; freeing the KS was weak. The Siege of Stormâ<U+0080><U+0099>s End and Robert and Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Brother: Stannis is, possibly, my second or third favorite character in the books (Handless and Noseless take 1 and 2 (usually)).  And on the show he has stepped up, gotten laid, and nailed this part.  Whenever he speaks you get this sense of not only his determination and raw (almost pathological) force of will, but you can sense his emotional void; how when he held Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s center he deserved not only praise but gratitude.  Instead, he got sent to Dragonstone.   And all the while he talked about the horses and cats and dogs and the hate the hate the hate.   And also the unfairness. One of the reasons I like Stannis (and one of the reasons I think the actor is hitting Stannis so well) is because I think we have all- at one time or another- known what its like to be truly treated unfairly.  Stannis IS the rightful King and his realm is the Seven Kingdoms.  Period.  Whatever Robb or dead Renly or Tywin think matters not at all.  Robert was King died without legal issue.  Case closed.  And yet he ain't the King.  And so that same sense of fairness that drives Stannis also serves him to treat Davos well; it causes him to listen to wise counsel and it makes him toss aside those who are arrogant, proud and wrong.  To me thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why Stannis works. So, ... so the fury comes out... woe be onto they who gets in that way- Mace Tyrell, Renly, the castellan of Storm's End, Gold cloaks, Mance Ryder or some Karstarks.  You've.  Been. Warned. Fuck... if I was Mace Tyrell I'd want ANYONE King other than Stannis.  Stannis has to be the only guy in the 7 Kingdoms who kicks the shit out of you and then says "Want a rematch?" And he never blinks.  The actor who plays him I think has blinked like 8 times this season. The Jaime and Brienne Show:  Now that Tywin and Arya has been cancelled, I hope the Jaime and Brienne show is able to hold that time spot.  So far so good; Jaime is arrogant and infuriating; Brienne proud and unbending.  They make an amazing duo.  The Salvation of Jon Snow: Okay so it only took them three episodes but I think the show has been able to cobble together the important bits and save Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story-line.   They are going to do the Halfhand fight etc.  And it may, potentially, save time in the long run.  If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the case than this worked out.  IF not, wellâ<U+0080>¦. â<U+0080><U+009C>You know nothing, Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+009D> is going to be the worst drinking game ever. The Spider and the Imp: I got nothing â<U+0080>cept that.  Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need to say anything else. Bran: A boy knowsâ<U+0080>¦What I am on the Fence about:The Least Shocking Reveal Ever: Who didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think it was going to be Roz?  Okay, I know- we read it in the books and all but â<U+0080>¦ if you made 50 people watch this show Episode 1 to Episode 18 and then RIGHT BEFORE she walks out ask them â<U+0080><U+009C>Who is going to walk out in that room?â<U+0080><U+009D>  How many of the 50 say â<U+0080><U+009C>Roz?â<U+0080><U+009D>  And how many of them roll their eyes when they say it?  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m going to say 32 say â<U+0080><U+009C>Rozâ<U+0080><U+009D> 20 of them roll their eyes and two guys add the word â<U+0080><U+009C>fuckingâ<U+0080><U+0099> to her name.   Now for me, I was fine with it, it just felt utterly unnatural the whole time.  And when Roz walked out all I could think of was â<U+0080><U+009C>Thank Christ I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to listen to Shae!  And then the next scene had Shae in it so I ran cold water in my bath tub in preparation of opening a vein, but, hey- she was fine. Dany: It was a pointless scene.   We could have had no Dany this week and tacked on that scene to the week when she burns down the House of the Undying and it would have been fine.  But what was there was fine. We Get It Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s A Moron: Whenever Theon talks to â<U+0080>¦ anyoneâ<U+0080>¦ I just want him to stop.  And its not because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s poorly written or poorly acted, but because Theon Greyjoy is a car wreck.  And with that said, its pretty much IDENTICAL to him in the books so not complaining about that just â<U+0080>¦ why does Theon have to be so â<U+0080>¦ human? What I did Not Like:Fuck it!  Was a great episode.  No bad things to say really. Just next weekâ<U+0080>¦ I put odds of Stannis dying at 25% and climbing.  Fuckâ<U+0080>¦ just like Book 5â<U+0080>¦Stannis.Is.Coming.
690	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-20	Probably my least favorite episode of the season, though most of it has to do with the things I enjoyed in the books being changed or occurring prematurely. Also, the episode just felt really disjointed, like it was moving back and forth between many storylines, with very little actually happening in any of them.
--Jon Snow's storyline has been a pretty massive disappointment. They've sort of rendred him into a bumbling idiot, and Qhorin now looks pretty bad as well. I almost laughed when Sam mentioned Qhorin as a great ranger, when in the scene before he's been caught by wildings, all because he let Jon Snow escape from him to execute Ygritte, and somehow couldn't find him in time. Great ranger my ass. He has none of the mystique or presence from the books; just seems to be the ranger in charge whose only purpose is now for Jon to kill.
--Robb Talisa. Just don't like these scenes at all, and I really think the time could have been spent better elsewhere. Robb now breaks his promise to the Freys because she told him some really long story about her brother drowning? Whatever.
--Arya Jaqen was disappointing as well. She decides she wants Tywin dead, Jaqen says he can't do it, so then she wants him dead? Then she wants to escape? I don't know, that all sounded really rushed, and I'm bummed there will be no weasel soup. 
--Davos and Stannis. I actually liked this scene, as it gave some good backgrond info and characterization to both Stannis and Davos, but I think they dropped the ball with the ending. I really like the scene in A Storm of Swords where Stannis decides to name Davos his hand, when it appeared he might have him executed. Here, he just sort of mentions it offhand, and I'm not really sure why this couldn't wait. In the book, Stannis names him because Davos always tells him the truth of what he believes; here, it's like Stannis named him because of what he did twenty years ago during the rebellion.
--Jaime Brienne was fine I suppose, though they didn't really do much.
--I also think they revealed that Bran and Rickon were alive too early. This could have been held back at least another week, and I feel like they really hammered it home too much. Not only does Theon mention it to Dagmer, but Osha has to be seen outside the tombs and Maester Luwin has to visit them inside. 
--Cersei Tyrion scene was good, though it does feel really jumbled with how they've been portraying Cersei. Last episode she and Tyrion were confiding their thoughts to one another closely, and now this episode she feels Tyrion is out to kill Joffrey, who she basically admitted last time out she doesn't even really care for him.
691	Cressit	2012-05-20	There were some great moments in this episode. The best for me was Arya's little shrug in answer to Jaquen's "a girl has no honor." Perfect.
I'm not a purist when it comes to screen adaptations.  It works for me when the feelings I already have for characters are amplified or deepened after watching the TV version of the story -- in tonight's case my love of Stannis's delivery and my overall irritation with Dany's brattiness.
One tiny thing I do wish they'd kept though - I liked that Ghost led Jon to the dragonglass hoard on the Fist. Not a big deal story-wise, but I like the ancient Northern-ness of it.
692	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	Good Lord you can not care about the changes or care about them and either point is valid.  Discuss the points, not the people.  If it irritates you to read "purist" comments don't read em.  Or find/create a thread that doesn't allow people to disagree with anything HBO does.
693	greatplans	2012-05-20	I get there, but there is a clear undercurrent (practically an undertow) of "shut up about the books because I don't care".Which is why the comenters at the Hitflix site are a joy to read and this place is such a boor.
694	ServantOnIce	2012-05-20	I am still upset but it is just a TV show. It has to be good TV to get me so upset right? LOLThe reality is they have developed characters like Dagmar, Osha and Roz but they didn't develop Jon and his relationship with Q. Halfhand.I do understand that they are limited for budget and time but why would Jon listen to a guy he doesn't know that well?The first season was different but they stayed faithful to the nature of the books, this season they have taken to "chances" that are deviating or appear to be deviating away from the nature of Martin's song.I think tonight was so disappointing to me, I expected to see more than some bony pasting butts in a sex scene, I expected more but there are two episodes left and I am sure some stuff will be streamlined and other things left for next season.The issue that I have is that the news of Bran and Rickon's death really set a chain of events off that was in my opinion as powerful as Lord Eddard's decapitation.But, there is another season and 2 episodes left for us to see what D and D can do.
695	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	I thought this was the most balanced and complete episode of the season. Here is what I liked: The Time Taken and the Time Spent: The best part of this episode was that it felt like every individual story-line was given the time and the space to grow and it did not feel like I was watching a â<U+0080><U+009C>Meanwhile-at-the-Legion-of-Doomâ<U+0080><U+009D> highlights. The episode gave each part of the show the time it needed to feel real and fully formed. This was maybe the only episode all season that did not feel fragmented and disjointed. Heck, I even liked the Jon Snow parts. The King in the North (-West): Look, for reasons not entirely clear to me, some viewers do not like Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship with the Volantian woman. But watching Robb comfortably talk to another woman (unlike Jon who with Ygritte has all the comfort of being naked on a nail-bed) is refreshing. He seems to care about her and she seems to have a genuine affection for him (or is a double-agent). When Robb said he did not want to marry the Frey girl, not only do I believe him but I kind of (sort of) understand him. Tylesa is a complete person filled with empathy, kindness, bravery, intelligence and decency. And Robb is all those things as well. And if she turns out to be a double-agent FUCK that's hot... wait, what? And before I forget- I liked that when they were having sex they both laughed. FOR ONCE on this show sex is seen as a positive and fun event. I mean, its going to kill Robb, but hey, still fun. And when he unloaded on Cat I was right there with him. She fucked it up. And she had to be told. Robb told her. And fuck her; freeing the KS was weak. The Siege of Stormâ<U+0080><U+0099>s End and Robert and Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Brother: Stannis is, possibly, my second or third favorite character in the books (Handless and Noseless take 1 and 2 (usually)). And on the show he has stepped up, gotten laid, and nailed this part. Whenever he speaks you get this sense of not only his determination and raw (almost pathological) force of will, but you can sense his emotional void; how when he held Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s center he deserved not only praise but gratitude. Instead, he got sent to Dragonstone. And all the while he talked about the horses and cats and dogs and the hate the hate the hate. And also the unfairness. One of the reasons I like Stannis (and one of the reasons I think the actor is hitting Stannis so well) is because I think we have all- at one time or another- known what its like to be truly treated unfairly. Stannis IS the rightful King and his realm is the Seven Kingdoms. Period. Whatever Robb or dead Renly or Tywin think matters not at all. Robert was King died without legal issue. Case closed. And yet he ain't the King. And so that same sense of fairness that drives Stannis also serves him to treat Davos well; it causes him to listen to wise counsel and it makes him toss aside those who are arrogant, proud and wrong. To me thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why Stannis works. So, ... so the fury comes out... woe be onto they who gets in that way- Mace Tyrell, Renly, the castellan of Storm's End, Gold cloaks, Mance Ryder or some Karstarks. You've. Been. Warned. Fuck... if I was Mace Tyrell I'd want ANYONE King other than Stannis. Stannis has to be the only guy in the 7 Kingdoms who kicks the shit out of you and then says "Want a rematch?" And he never blinks. The actor who plays him I think has blinked like 8 times this season. The Jaime and Brienne Show: Now that Tywin and Arya has been cancelled, I hope the Jaime and Brienne show is able to hold that time spot. So far so good; Jaime is arrogant and infuriating; Brienne proud and unbending. They make an amazing duo. The Salvation of Jon Snow: Okay so it only took them three episodes but I think the show has been able to cobble together the important bits and save Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story-line. They are going to do the Halfhand fight etc. And it may, potentially, save time in the long run. If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the case than this worked out. IF not, wellâ<U+0080>¦. â<U+0080><U+009C>You know nothing, Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+009D> is going to be the worst drinking game ever. The Spider and the Imp: I got nothing â<U+0080>cept that. Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need to say anything else. Bran: A boy knowsâ<U+0080>¦ What I am on the Fence about: The Least Shocking Reveal Ever: Who didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think it was going to be Roz? Okay, I know- we read it in the books and all but â<U+0080>¦ if you made 50 people watch this show Episode 1 to Episode 18 and then RIGHT BEFORE she walks out ask them â<U+0080><U+009C>Who is going to walk out in that room?â<U+0080><U+009D> How many of the 50 say â<U+0080><U+009C>Roz?â<U+0080><U+009D> And how many of them roll their eyes when they say it? Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m going to say 32 say â<U+0080><U+009C>Rozâ<U+0080><U+009D> 20 of them roll their eyes and two guys add the word â<U+0080><U+009C>fuckingâ<U+0080><U+0099> to her name. Now for me, I was fine with it, it just felt utterly unnatural the whole time. And when Roz walked out all I could think of was â<U+0080><U+009C>Thank Christ I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to listen to Shae! And then the next scene had Shae in it so I ran cold water in my bath tub in preparation of opening a vein, but, hey- she was fine. Dany: It was a pointless scene. We could have had no Dany this week and tacked on that scene to the week when she burns down the House of the Undying and it would have been fine. But what was there was fine. We Get It Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s A Moron: Whenever Theon talks to â<U+0080>¦ anyoneâ<U+0080>¦ I just want him to stop. And its not because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s poorly written or poorly acted, but because Theon Greyjoy is a car wreck. And with that said, its pretty much IDENTICAL to him in the books so not complaining about that just â<U+0080>¦ why does Theon have to be so â<U+0080>¦ human? What I did Not Like: Fuck it! Was a great episode. No bad things to say really. Just next weekâ<U+0080>¦ I put odds of Stannis dying at 25% and climbing. Fuckâ<U+0080>¦ just like Book 5â<U+0080>¦ Stannis. Is. Coming.Brilliant, mate.  FUCKING LOVE STANNIS, TOO /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
696	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Good Lord you can not care about the changes or care about them and either point is valid. Discuss the points, not the people. If it irritates you to read "purist" comments don't read em. Or find/create a thread that doesn't allow people to disagree with anything HBO does.I would prefer one that forbade them to complain about every... tiny... inconsequential... deviation... every... d@mn... week.
697	Triskan	2012-05-20	The Jaime + Brienne scene was short and to the point, but it was hopefully a good preview of a good couple more scenes like that to come. 
Can anyone remind me from the books of what the justification was for Renly getting Storm's End in the first place? 
He was just a youngin' and Stannis had already put down the Greyjoy Rebellion, right?
Also, was it Mayce Tyrell who was holing Stannis up under siege?
May The Seven forgive me as I have only read the books twice.
698	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	I almost laughed when Sam mentioned Qhorin as a great ranger, when in the scene before he's been caught by wildings, all because he let Jon Snow escape from him to execute Ygritte, and somehow couldn't find him in time. Great ranger my ass. He has none of the mystique or presence from the books; just seems to be the ranger in charge whose only purpose is now for Jon to kill. --Robb Talisa. Just don't like these scenes at all, and I really think the time could have been spent better elsewhere. Robb now breaks his promise to the Freys because she told him some really long story about her brother drowning? Whatever.Agreed.I really like the scene in A Storm of Swords where Stannis decides to name Davos his hand, when it appeared he might have him executed. Here, he just sort of mentions it offhand, and I'm not really sure why this couldn't wait.--I also think they revealed that Bran and Rickon were alive too early. This could have been held back at least another week, and I feel like they really hammered it home too much. Not only does Theon mention it to Dagmer, but Osha has to be seen outside the tombs and Maester Luwin has to visit them inside. --Cersei Tyrion scene was good, though it does feel really jumbled with how they've been portraying Cersei. Last episode she and Tyrion were confiding their thoughts to one another closely, and now this episode she feels Tyrion is out to kill Joffrey, who she basically admitted last time out she doesn't even really care for him.Also agree.There were some great moments in this episode. The best for me was Arya's little shrug in answer to Jaquen's "a girl has no honor." Perfect.That was awesome.
699	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	I would prefer one that forbade them to complain about every... tiny... inconsequential... deviation... every... d@mn... week.Well you're free to start one.  This thread is all-inclusive and it's a little unrealistic to expect there won't be "purists"/"nitpickers" etc. on it.
700	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Can anyone remind me from the books of what the justification was for Renly getting Storm's End in the first place?Because at the time that Robert â<U+0080><U+009C>usurpedâ<U+0080><U+009D> the Targaryen dynasty, the crown prince to the Iron Throne was â<U+0080><U+009C>the Prince of Dragonstoneâ<U+0080><U+009D>, just as the crown prince of the UK is â<U+0080><U+009C>the Prince of Walesâ<U+0080><U+009D> and the crown prince of Spain is â<U+0080><U+009C>the Prince of Asturiasâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Stannis was Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s heir when Robert took the Iron Throne, so he thought it right to give his heir the heirâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seat.  It was meant as an honour not a slight.
701	Independent George	2012-05-20	Can we stop bitching about Robb and Talisa's scenes (I thoroughly enjoyed them tonight and completely understand the need to show Robb falling in love - esp. since they aged him up) and get to the matter at hand? The hottest chick on the show got NEKKID this week. Seriously. Oona is gorgeous. I may be girl-crushing. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />I hate to burst your bubble, but I'm 90% sure that was a body double.
702	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Well you're free to start one. This thread is all-inclusive and it's a little unrealistic to expect there won't be "purists"/"nitpickers" etc. on it.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ridiculous and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s painful.  It is annoying.  It subtracts from the experience. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fucking assinine.
703	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Can anyone remind me from the books of what the justification was for Renly getting Storm's End in the first place? He was just a youngin' and Stannis had already put down the Greyjoy Rebellion, right?It was pre-Greyjoy Rebellion, post-Robert's Rebellion, I think.  Stannis built a fleet and took Dragonstone, hence Robert bestowed it on him, while giving their ancestral seat (the much richer, more powerful Storm's End to Renly).Robert pretty much didn't like Stannis, so it may've been a straight-up insult, or it could be that Robert was too oblivious to even see what an insult it really was.EDIT: CrypticWeirwood beat me to the answer and added some very cogent comments as well, though I still see it as short-sighted on Robert's part.  Did he intend Stannis should hand it over to the new heir once Robert begat a child and become a lord in name only?  If not, why even bother assigning the seat to his heir-apparent, in the first place.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 20 May 2012 - 11:39 PM.
704	Darth Pipes	2012-05-20	I liked the episodes but I despised some of the changes.
The sanitizing of Arya.  Granted, she's ordered deaths so you can't say the character to innocent.  But they didn't have her kill anyone during the "battle" at House Darry and they don't even have her kill the guard to escape.  They delete one of the best parts in the book, the Weasel Soup storyline and Arya's Harrenhal arc concludes with a giant disappointment.  That's what I call taking a great part of the book and intentionally making his shitty.
Though I did laugh at the "A man has patrol duty" line.  Just start every sentence with "A man has..." and you have comedy gold.
If Robb does marry Jeyne...TALISA for love then he deserves to have that sword plunged into his heart by Roose Bolton.  I was about to say that made the character look worse on the show but really, I think they managed to sanitize his decision too.  They've inexplicably written off the Riverlands this season so what is Robb really breaking off except a marriage pact with an ally we haven't seen since episode 8 of last season?  It's cleared he's not going to marry Talisa to protect her virtue so he's going the selfish route.
Robb/Talisa's scene was good together and I liked her Volantis monologue.  I liked the name-dropping from Book 5, which included Tyrion mentioning that Tywin basically made him Casterly Rock's chief plumber.
Joffrey is 17 on the show?  First time we've heard that...
Didn't mind Robb locking up Catelyn.  At this point, he didn't have his "oops" moment with Jeyne/Talisa, so it makes sense for him to be harsher.
The Theon/Yara scene was straight from the books and was very good.  Probably Gemma Whalen's best performance to date.
Tyrion/Cersei was also adapted well from the books and I enjoyed seeing Evil Cersei pop up here.  The callback to Ros (the necklace she showed Theon last year) was actually clever by the writers.  Good acting here by both Dinklage and Headley.  And hey, Pod actually was seen!
Enjoyed the Tyrion/Varys/Bronn show.  Bronn can actually read on the show but it was used as a clever bit with him reading the name of the Maester.
The Stannis/Davos scene was excellent as we finally get some information about the Siege at Storm's End.  I liked what Stannis said about dogs.  He likes them because they're loyal but he ate them too.  Only bit I don't like is that Stannis seems to want to be on the throne because he wants it as opposed to wanting the throne because he's supposed to get it.  There's a difference, you know?
I liked Jorah/Dany too. I hope they manage to pull off the House of the Undying.
705	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-20	There is no fucking way that Ramsey Snow was just chillin' on a dock on the Iron Islands. Do people think that Roose just magically knew that they'd be able to convince Theon to take Winterfell and set that plan in motion? Hate this Dagmar = Ramsey business.Up until tonight, I really didn't pay attention to anyone theorizing that Dagmer was Ramsay. At all. But, it just seems like they're really endeavoring to prop the character of Dagmer up. He's almost in every scene with Theon. Granted, it's to give Theon someone to talk to, but, that aside. Maybe Roose had known Theon couldn't be trusted, and, as a backup plan, he decided to plant Ramsay on Pyke for Theon's homecoming?
706	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ridiculous and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s painful.  It is annoying.  It subtracts from the experience. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fucking assinine.Subtracts from your experience, not everyone's.  If you're pained and annoyed, don't read.
707	bardgal	2012-05-20	Not a mistake at all, as I see it. He's saying he'd worship even some foreign phony god if only that'd get his sons back.That's is exactly how I took it as well.
708	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-20	The sanitizing of Arya.  Granted, she's ordered deaths so you can't say the character to innocent.  But they didn't have her kill anyone during the "battle" at House Darry and they don't even have her kill the guard to escape.  They delete one of the best parts in the book, the Weasel Soup storyline and Arya's Harrenhal arc concludes with a giant disappointment.  That's what I call taking a great part of the book and intentionally making his shitty.Did she escape already? I wasn't clear on that, if they had only just gotten past one of the gates. If that's really the end of her stay in Harrenhal, that's really lame. Having her slit the guard's throat and not care at all is the best ending for her arc for the season. Plus, she has to meet up with Jaqen again; him knowing her real name and giving her the coin is very important.
709	Triskan	2012-05-20	Up until tonight, I really didn't pay attention to anyone theorizing that Dagmer was Ramsay. At all. But, it just seems like they're really endeavoring to prop the character of Dagmer up. He's almost in every scene with Theon. Granted, it's to give Theon someone to talk to, but, that aside. Maybe Roose had known Theon couldn't be trusted, and, as a backup plan, he decided to plant Ramsay on Pyke for Theon's homecoming?Gods, I hope you're wrong. Asha's (OK, Yara's) plea to Theon is not getting enough attention.  It feels quite prescient to me considering what we book readers know what is in store for Theon.
710	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	Did she escape already? I wasn't clear on that, if they had only just gotten past one of the gates. If that's really the end of her stay in Harrenhal, that's really lame. Having her slit the guard's throat and not care at all is the best ending for her arc for the season. Plus, she has to meet up with Jaqen again; him knowing her real name and giving her the coin is very important.Yeah, it didn't occur to me until several posters pointed that out...technically the escape isn't necessarily over, so there is still hope.  Totally agree with you.
711	The Wood of the Morning	2012-05-20	Can anyone remind me from the books of what the justification was for Renly getting Storm's End in the first place? He was just a youngin' and Stannis had already put down the Greyjoy Rebellion, right? Also, was it Mayce Tyrell who was holing Stannis up under siege? May The Seven forgive me as I have only read the books twice.Well the most obvious and simple answer is that Robert liked Renly more than Stannis. What happened if I recall is that when Stannis was lifted from the siege (it was indeed Mace) he went off to capture Dragonstone which is where he was when the war ended so Robert gave it to him.And the Greyjoy Rebellion had not happened yet.
712	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Yeah, it didn't occur to me until several posters pointed that out...technically the escape isn't necessarily over, so there is still hope. Totally agree with you.I can't see how that wasn't meant to be the escape.  We'll see them again in ep. 10, but they're gone from Harrenhal.  That joint is going to go monkey shit crazy when the dead guards are found; Arya and co. can't just be chillin' in the outer-bailey of the castle -- they'd be found in minutes.
713	bardgal	2012-05-20	Why is no one talking about how great a job Tom Wlaschiha is doing as Jaqen H'ghar? The scene when Arya says his name and they have that whole conversation is just brilliantly acted on both parts. They really seem to have chemistry, maybe it's just Maisie Williams because she was fantastic with Tywin too but I think the Jaqen portrayal is amazing. He has a touch of humor and seriousness much like the books. Also, Oona Chaplin is totally worth the kingdom. One more thing. I don't think Jaime thinks of the Cleganes with such respect. Yes, they're both gifted, brutal killers and fighters but I think Jaime would think himself much better than those two. I would think Jaime Lannister would know many other knights more skilled and famous than The Hound and The Mountain. Selmy possibly even though he is old and Jaime is cocky as hell. Oberyn Martell? He proved himself to be pretty good, beating the Mountain later in the books. There must be better knights than the dogs.Yes. All of this.I think Maisie could probably have chemistry with a chair. She's so brilliant!!
714	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I think Maisie could probably have chemistry with a chair. She's so brilliant!!I agree.  She's awesome!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
715	Currawong	2012-05-20	I honestly don't understand all the complaints about not getting weasel soup.  I mean, if TV Arya isn't known as "Weasel", how or why can they have weasel soup in the same way as the book?   Get over it, people!  Yes, it was a 'fun' part of the book with Arya, but in the overall context of her storyline across this asnd the next 3 books, it was a tiny little detail that really has absolutely no long term signficance. Talk about griping over inconsequential changes!
716	khaleesiStormborn	2012-05-20	I was very bored with this episode, but like all the episodes I still watched it twice.
	DISLIKED:
		I was upset that it wasnt Ghost that found the obsidian, and the 'horn'. Where has he been anyway?
		I was really really looking foward to the weasel soup scene.
		Annoyed that I dont knw who this Talissa chick is yet. She's still really playing up the whole volantis thing.
		Bran and Rickon already in the crypts.....wtf
		Useless scenes with Danny, they could of shown more Theon, or Sansa, or Jaime/Brienne, anything.
	LIKED:
		Tyrion/Varys scene...awesme
		Jaime/Brienne scene was great!
		Asha/Yara, I finally enjoyed her in this episode
		Preview for Blackwater
717	The Wood of the Morning	2012-05-20	The Lord of Bones! That was cool, though he needs to clatter more /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
718	Lpearce7	2012-05-20	The girl playing Arya seriously deserves an award. She has been the up there with Tyrion this season
719	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-20	I thought it was interesting that Robb gave Roose the go ahead to send Ramsay to Winterfell. That will make the sack all the worse.
I wish that the reveal that B & R are alive was pushed back to ep. 10, but in the book it was clear to me they weren't dead anyway.
The dragonglass and the horn made me filled with glee! This makes me think we will get the three horn blasts in the finale.
The return of Varys was great, Bronn cleaning his nails with a dagger was great, and this was Peter Dinklage and Lena Heady's best work so far this season. Whenever Heady plays Cersei with evil glee it's fabulous. It made very happy to see that Ilyn Payne makes an appearance next week.
Robb and Talisa were so so. I really hope that they settle who she is now that they've had sex. It will be annoying if she isn't Jeyne. I'm glad I wasn't the only one confused about whether or not they made it to the Crag. Either way it doesn't matter. If the Westerling's household all knew Jeyne was going undercover they could just pretend they don't know her.
It does look like the order from Qhorin is happening so finally people will stop assuming it won't and bitching about it in advance.
Ghost needs to come back at some point.
No weasel soup is disapointing but at least they had ARya trick Jaqen. It will be interesting to see the conclusion of this arc. They do need to start setting up Arya as an angry vengeful assasain sooner or later, but I don't mind if they do that slowly.
Stannis and Davos were really good. I'm glad we got backstory on them so the non-book audience will actually care about them during the battle. It totally makes sense that Stannis is a dog person!
Blackwater will be epic! Not just because GRRM wrote it, but because Neil Marshall directed. The Descent is one of my favorite horror movies. Tyrion's story about running the sewage system in Casterly Rock makes me think they are going to show either the chain or something else that shows us Tyrion is responsible for the victory.
720	DragonAge93	2012-05-20	Did she escape already? I wasn't clear on that, if they had only just gotten past one of the gates. If that's really the end of her stay in Harrenhal, that's really lame. Having her slit the guard's throat and not care at all is the best ending for her arc for the season. Plus, she has to meet up with Jaqen again; him knowing her real name and giving her the coin is very important.The plot summary for episode 10..... "Tyrion awakens to a changed situation. King Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects. As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; Jon proves himself to Qhorin."Arya will run in to Jaqen again, where he'll most likely give her the coin and then face change in front of her. And it seems Jon's story will most likely have Qhorin and Jon face off while they are captured, as he'll tell him to kill him in front of the wildlings to prove his loyalty, and egg on the wildlings to encourage Jon to do the same. So Jon's arc WILL end like it does in ACoK, it's just that it was a little different to get there, and I'm alright with it. So since it seems we are getting everything wrapped up like in the book, let us be happy!Although I did find it weird Robb imprisoned Catelyn, whereas in ASoS, he knew she did it for the best. I guess since the Tullys aren't in this season, we'll have to save face with that one. And I was hoping throughout Robb and Talisa's conversation(s) she'd reveal she is actually of House Westerling, and that her name is Jeyne. They can still reveal this, but I hope if they do they do it in episode 10.I LOVED the digging up of the dragonglass and horn. When I saw them digging in the snow I knew it was coming. And with Ghost's absence, we'll probably see him by the end of the season. He's probably close by, just stalking them, as he probably knows the threat Jon faces.And I was also expecting the mention of the chain, especially near the end where they were looking across the bay, I just thought Tyrion would mention it. But hey, Blackwater's gonna be a beast nonetheless!And about Bran and Rickon being revealed already, I can see why they did it, as episode 9 will only be King's Landing, so they probably didn't want to have the non-book readers still clinging to the death of Bran and Rickon, and would rather have the audience know they are safe. Although it would have been a beautiful scene if episode 10 ended with Bran, Rickon, and co. being revealed for the first time since their "deaths", with the camera following their shadowed backs out of the crypts and out into the ruined Winterfell. Would have been a great ending and shocker for the audience.
					
					
							Edited by DragonAge93, 20 May 2012 - 11:57 PM.
721	Triskan	2012-05-20	Yes. All of this. I think Maisie could probably have chemistry with a chair. She's so brilliant!!I agree. She's awesome! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah, it seemed obvious from S1E1 that we had ourselves a little star.
722	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I honestly don't understand all the complaints about not getting weasel soup.  I mean, if TV Arya isn't known as "Weasel", how or why can they have weasel soup in the same way as the book?   Get over it, people!  Yes, it was a 'fun' part of the book with Arya, but in the overall context of her storyline across this asnd the next 3 books, it was a tiny little detail that really has absolutely no long term signficance. Talk about griping over inconsequential changes!Plus, there is no bunch of high-born prisoners, wrapped and ready in a cell, waiting to be rescued.  I hate that the soup didn't happen, simply because it was a good way to have it make sense such a small group could affect the rescue, but since there's nobody to be rescued... what did people expect?  That the castle would be taken by a bunch of malnourished peasants liberated from a pen in the yard somewhere?
723	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-20	I honestly don't understand all the complaints about not getting weasel soup. I mean, if TV Arya isn't known as "Weasel", how or why can they have weasel soup in the same way as the book? Get over it, people! Yes, it was a 'fun' part of the book with Arya, but in the overall context of her storyline across this asnd the next 3 books, it was a tiny little detail that really has absolutely no long term signficance. Talk about griping over inconsequential changes!Well, I think the people that missed the weasel soup sequence would be happy if it happened and wasn't named weasel soup. Maybe it doesn't have long term signfificance, but if that's your view of what they should adapt, then they might as well skip all of Arya's scenes, since they don't impact the long term storyline at all.Plus, it's not just the big moments that are important. That's where I feel like this season is failing. They're mainly just capturing the big moments and losing out on a lot of great little stuff and characterization. Weasel soup was one of my favorite parts in ACOK, especially Jaqen wiping the blood on Arya, so yeah, I feel like griping when it's taken out, especially when the new scenes that took the time away weren't very good.
724	J_Crews	2012-05-20	Bran and Rickon already in the crypts.....wtfThat's where they're supposed to be.  Or are you just saying it was revealed too early?The girl playing Arya seriously deserves an award. She has been the up there with Tyrion this seasonYeah, it seemed obvious from S1E1 that we had ourselves a little star.Agreed.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
725	bardgal	2012-05-20	I thought this was the most balanced and complete episode of the season. Here is what I liked: The Time Taken and the Time Spent: The best part of this episode was that it felt like every individual story-line was given the time and the space to grow and it did not feel like I was watching a â<U+0080><U+009C>Meanwhile-at-the-Legion-of-Doomâ<U+0080><U+009D> highlights. The episode gave each part of the show the time it needed to feel real and fully formed. This was maybe the only episode all season that did not feel fragmented and disjointed. Heck, I even liked the Jon Snow parts. The King in the North (-West): Look, for reasons not entirely clear to me, some viewers do not like Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship with the Volantian woman. But watching Robb comfortably talk to another woman (unlike Jon who with Ygritte has all the comfort of being naked on a nail-bed) is refreshing. He seems to care about her and she seems to have a genuine affection for him (or is a double-agent). When Robb said he did not want to marry the Frey girl, not only do I believe him but I kind of (sort of) understand him. Tylesa is a complete person filled with empathy, kindness, bravery, intelligence and decency. And Robb is all those things as well. And if she turns out to be a double-agent FUCK that's hot... wait, what? And before I forget- I liked that when they were having sex they both laughed. FOR ONCE on this show sex is seen as a positive and fun event. I mean, its going to kill Robb, but hey, still fun. And when he unloaded on Cat I was right there with him. She fucked it up. And she had to be told. Robb told her. And fuck her; freeing the KS was weak. The Siege of Stormâ<U+0080><U+0099>s End and Robert and Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Brother: Stannis is, possibly, my second or third favorite character in the books (Handless and Noseless take 1 and 2 (usually)). And on the show he has stepped up, gotten laid, and nailed this part. Whenever he speaks you get this sense of not only his determination and raw (almost pathological) force of will, but you can sense his emotional void; how when he held Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s center he deserved not only praise but gratitude. Instead, he got sent to Dragonstone. And all the while he talked about the horses and cats and dogs and the hate the hate the hate. And also the unfairness. One of the reasons I like Stannis (and one of the reasons I think the actor is hitting Stannis so well) is because I think we have all- at one time or another- known what its like to be truly treated unfairly. Stannis IS the rightful King and his realm is the Seven Kingdoms. Period. Whatever Robb or dead Renly or Tywin think matters not at all. Robert was King died without legal issue. Case closed. And yet he ain't the King. And so that same sense of fairness that drives Stannis also serves him to treat Davos well; it causes him to listen to wise counsel and it makes him toss aside those who are arrogant, proud and wrong. To me thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why Stannis works. So, ... so the fury comes out... woe be onto they who gets in that way- Mace Tyrell, Renly, the castellan of Storm's End, Gold cloaks, Mance Ryder or some Karstarks. You've. Been. Warned. Fuck... if I was Mace Tyrell I'd want ANYONE King other than Stannis. Stannis has to be the only guy in the 7 Kingdoms who kicks the shit out of you and then says "Want a rematch?" And he never blinks. The actor who plays him I think has blinked like 8 times this season. The Jaime and Brienne Show: Now that Tywin and Arya has been cancelled, I hope the Jaime and Brienne show is able to hold that time spot. So far so good; Jaime is arrogant and infuriating; Brienne proud and unbending. They make an amazing duo. The Salvation of Jon Snow: Okay so it only took them three episodes but I think the show has been able to cobble together the important bits and save Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story-line. They are going to do the Halfhand fight etc. And it may, potentially, save time in the long run. If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the case than this worked out. IF not, wellâ<U+0080>¦. â<U+0080><U+009C>You know nothing, Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+009D> is going to be the worst drinking game ever. The Spider and the Imp: I got nothing â<U+0080>cept that. Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need to say anything else. Bran: A boy knowsâ<U+0080>¦ What I am on the Fence about: The Least Shocking Reveal Ever: Who didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think it was going to be Roz? Okay, I know- we read it in the books and all but â<U+0080>¦ if you made 50 people watch this show Episode 1 to Episode 18 and then RIGHT BEFORE she walks out ask them â<U+0080><U+009C>Who is going to walk out in that room?â<U+0080><U+009D> How many of the 50 say â<U+0080><U+009C>Roz?â<U+0080><U+009D> And how many of them roll their eyes when they say it? Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m going to say 32 say â<U+0080><U+009C>Rozâ<U+0080><U+009D> 20 of them roll their eyes and two guys add the word â<U+0080><U+009C>fuckingâ<U+0080><U+0099> to her name. Now for me, I was fine with it, it just felt utterly unnatural the whole time. And when Roz walked out all I could think of was â<U+0080><U+009C>Thank Christ I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to listen to Shae! And then the next scene had Shae in it so I ran cold water in my bath tub in preparation of opening a vein, but, hey- she was fine. Dany: It was a pointless scene. We could have had no Dany this week and tacked on that scene to the week when she burns down the House of the Undying and it would have been fine. But what was there was fine. We Get It Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s A Moron: Whenever Theon talks to â<U+0080>¦ anyoneâ<U+0080>¦ I just want him to stop. And its not because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s poorly written or poorly acted, but because Theon Greyjoy is a car wreck. And with that said, its pretty much IDENTICAL to him in the books so not complaining about that just â<U+0080>¦ why does Theon have to be so â<U+0080>¦ human? What I did Not Like: Fuck it! Was a great episode. No bad things to say really. Just next weekâ<U+0080>¦ I put odds of Stannis dying at 25% and climbing. Fuckâ<U+0080>¦ just like Book 5â<U+0080>¦ Stannis. Is. Coming.LOVE THIS POST SO MUCH and I'm over my quota. DAMMIT.â<U+009D>¤â<U+009D>¤â<U+009D>¤â<U+009D>¤â<U+009D>¤Â3
726	Frumpus	2012-05-21	People need to get over the weasel soup thing. They've changed nearly every other scene from the book, why would they have expected that to be retained? The overall story is the same so far, but how they get there is different, and we need to accept that.
727	Darth Pipes	2012-05-21	Yes. All of this. I think Maisie could probably have chemistry with a chair. She's so brilliant!!She's great.  I love that little shrug she gave Jaqen when he said she went back on her word.
728	J_Crews	2012-05-21	I'm over my quota. DAMMITHate it when that happens.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
729	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	I wonder if they're trying to make the Jeyne thing some big shocking reveal for the last episode, like, whoa, this girl King Robb has fallen in love with is actually the daughter of a family that is on the other side, what will he do now?  For me, that sacrifices characterization for a sort of lame surprise, but I can see where they might have thought it would be cool in the writer's room.  It just doesn't seem to be working on screen.
730	J_Crews	2012-05-21	I wonder if they're trying to make the Jeyne thing some big shocking reveal for the last episode, like, whoa, this girl King Robb has fallen in love with is actually the daughter of a family that is on the other side, what will he do now? For me, that sacrifices characterization for a sort of lame surprise, but I can see where they might have thought it would be cool in the writer's room. It just doesn't seem to be working on screen.That actually sounds EXACTLY like something a TV writer(s) would do.
731	Triskan	2012-05-21	So we are to assume it's the Spider who put Roz in the place of Shae, right? And that she hasn't actually been abused? It was all a show to convince Cercei she was in control?Quoting myself to say "whoops."  Wasn't watching on HD the first time.  See the evidence now on HBOGO.
732	Frumpus	2012-05-21	Does anyone else think that they changed her name from Jeyne to Talisa just so they could bring back Jeyne Poole in a future season? Then again even I don't think that storyline will appear, so who knows *shrugs*. Maybe D&D just hated the name Jeyne. I think they originally wanted her to be a Lannister but changed their minds. I don't think they're setting her up to be a spy.
733	gpdrometer	2012-05-21	I agree with the sentiments that yes, weasel soup was a great and memorable part of aCoK, but it getting written out didn't leave me pouting by any means. try and keep in mind how great it is that this story is being adapted in the first place (and by very capable writers and actors) when you are watching, rather than post things like "I literally had to turn it off" just because of minor changes. It kinda makes me think that yall "purists" don't really deserve any adaptation at all because you aren't grown up enough to deal with it. 
on a completely different note, does anyone else leave HBO on after and watch Veep? I find it delightful.
734	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	Does anyone else think that they changed her name from Jeyne to Talisa just so they could bring back Jeyne Poole in a future season? Then again even I don't think that storyline will appear, so who knows *shrugs*. Maybe D&D just hated the name Jeyne. I think they originally wanted her to be a Lannister but changed their minds. I don't think they're setting her up to be a spy.But why not just change Jeyne Poole's name later, whenever she shows up?  Was she even in Season One?  I thought they dumped her.
735	gpdrometer	2012-05-21	I wonder if they're trying to make the Jeyne thing some big shocking reveal for the last episode, like, whoa, this girl King Robb has fallen in love with is actually the daughter of a family that is on the other side, what will he do now? For me, that sacrifices characterization for a sort of lame surprise, but I can see where they might have thought it would be cool in the writer's room. It just doesn't seem to be working on screen.i think/hope that's exactly what they are doing. did anyone else notice that she was visibly nervous when the rider got to them? even though we don't technically know if they were going to or coming from the crag, maybe she was afraid it was someone delivering news that would expose her
					
					
							Edited by gpdrometer, 21 May 2012 - 12:15 AM.
736	khaleesiStormborn	2012-05-21	That's where they're supposed to be. Or are you just saying it was revealed too early? Agreed. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	yes, i think it was def revealed too early. But I did like that Bran heard maester luwin.
737	J_Crews	2012-05-21	does anyone else leave HBO on after and watch Veep? I find it delightful.I DVR it.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But why not just change Jeyne Poole's name later, whenever she shows up? Was she even in Season One? I thought they dumped her.She was shown briefly at the feast at Winterfell in season 1, but I don't think she was ever named.  I think when fakeArya shows-up in a few seasons, it'll just be some unfortunate girl.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 21 May 2012 - 12:19 AM.
738	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-21	Last week people were complaining that B & R weren't in the crypts.  Now, they are complaining that they are in the crypts.  It's totally valid to not think certain changes work, but let's not complain just for the sake of complaining!
739	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	Good ep, nice set up for the big battle. Good to see Robb's side of things. I am glad they sped up Bran and Rickon getting in the crypts. As of now that is the storyline they should spend the least amount of time on as Bran and company hang out there for long time
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 21 May 2012 - 12:25 AM.
740	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	on a completely different note, does anyone else leave HBO on after and watch Veep? I find it delightful.Check out The Thick of It on youtube. Veep is pretty good, but this British show by the same creator is miles better.I DVR it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> She was shown briefly at the feast at Winterfell in season 1, but I don't think she was ever named. I think when fakeArya shows-up in a few seasons, it'll just be some unfortunate girl.Yeah, if htey do fake Arya it will have to be someone different. It was never mentioned that any girl went to King's Landing with the Starks, so it will have to just be some random girl that is around the same age as Arya. Could be somewhat problematic if Theon recognizing her is important, but it didnt' seem to be in ADWD adn they can write it around it pretty easily.
741	J_Crews	2012-05-21	Last week people were complaining that B & R weren't in the crypts. Now, they are complaining that they are in the crypts. It's totally valid to not think certain changes work, but let's not complain just for the sake of complaining!Good point.  Granted, in all fairness, it's probably different people doing the complaining, but it just goes to show that, no matter what they do, somebody is gonna get their feathers ruffled.
742	lostinwesteros	2012-05-21	Good Lord you can not care about the changes or care about them and either point is valid. Discuss the points, not the people. If it irritates you to read "purist" comments don't read em. Or find/create a thread that doesn't allow people to disagree with anything HBO does. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   It also really bothers me when two posters start a little 'war' with each other, get 'bossy' and indignant about it, and just can't let it go.  Or when they simply get into the "I'm right and you're wrong" thing.  I gotta tell you, I love having the 'last word' and I love being 'right', that I do, but it really does bog down a forum discussion.
743	Aegon I of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	In regards to the aparant changes, here's what I'm thinking. For Arya, I was also dissapointed with no Weasel Soup. I got all excited when Hot Pie was brought in, I was sure they would use him for that! But Weasel Soup actually is important to the plot, because without it Bolton doesn't get Harrenhal. So here's what I'm thinking. Jaqen uses the Weasel Soup to free prisoners like in the book, and Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie escape in the confusion of the castle being taken by northmen. This can be in the finale, because it would be one hell of a scene. Same for Dany. In the finale, she will get her climax in the House of the Undying. Blackwater looks SO EPIC. I swear to god, next week I am going all out. Maybe I'll even buy popcorn /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> . Jeyne/Talisa can also be a twist that will be saved for the finale. After Robb falls in love with her he finds out she's actually a member of a family sworn to the Lannisters! How would that be for an end to Robb's season 2 story? I'm hoping my predictions become true. TBH I understand why the writers are doing what they are doing. The battle is the climax of Tyrion/Cersei/Stannis/Davos, but the actual finale is the climax of Jon/Dany/Arya/Bran/Theon/etc.... The final chapters in book 2 were good, but if they hold all the great scenes for the finale it can be sure to end with a bang. Especially because they have to have something that can even compare with Blackwater's epicness.But then they would be inside the gates of Harrenhal for at least 48 hours. It's sadly not possible.
744	J_Crews	2012-05-21	it will have to just be some random girl that is around the same age as Arya. Could be somewhat problematic if Theon recognizing her is important, but it didnt' seem to be in ADWD adn they can write it around it pretty easily.I think it's really only important that Theon recognizes she's NOT Arya, as opposed to recognizing who she really is.  So, as you said, it'll come off fine.
745	jlk7e	2012-05-21	This was the first episode where the changes started to get to me.  Given the fact that they hadn't set up any of the stuff relating to weasel soup, and that Roose is off with Robb in the Westerlands, I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised that they didn't have it, but it was still a bit jarring.
My bigger complaints are two:
1) What on earth is the deal with Talisa?  I was convinced last week by her reluctance to go to the Crag that she was Jeyne, but now she's telling a detailed and convincingly detailed story about her life in Volantis, and seems to have returned from the Crag without incident.  So she is Talisa?  If so, why did they even bring the Crag into it?  Why do the extras say that the Crag is home to House Westerling?  That's just purposefully fucking with book readers, I think, which is annoying.
2) More subtly, I was a little bit irritated by the way Tywin took his leave of Arya.  Which I guess is a complaint that the show runners haven't changed from the books as much as they should have.  I guess I kind of thought that Tywin's interactions with her would prove to have some importance in the plot - that maybe he knew she was Arya, or something.  Because we saw a ton of them sitting in that room talking to each other.  And then he's just "Alright, I'm heading out, take good care of the Mountain for me."  It didn't feel very satisfying within the context of the show.  But perhaps that was inevitable.
Other than that, I was fairly satisfied.  I don't mind the change in Catelyn's release of Jaime, although I wish she'd have said that she did it in part because she was afraid Karstark and his men would murder Jaime if she didn't, and end all chance of her seeing her daughters.  And some of the other "changes" turn out not to have been changes at all, as I expected - Jon and Qhorin's endgame will play out basically as it did in the books, Bran and company are still hiding in the crypts.
And lots of good scenes - I loved Stannis and Davos, Theon and Yara, Cersei and Tyrion, all the Tyrion/Bronn/Varys business, and Brienne and Jaime.  Still not sure what I think of Robb/Talisa (I guess I have to start calling her that, now), as I'm too confused about what's going on, but Oona Chaplin certainly has a great body, and the book version obviously wouldn't work given that Madden isn't 15.
The Dany plot I still don't really care about, but I'll be interested to see the House of the Undying.
I suppose I'll also have to admit that I was stupidly wrong in thinking they wouldn't use Ros in Alayaya's role.  I thought it wouldn't make any sense why Cersei would think she meant something to Tyrion, but I guess it was fine, and it was obviously pretty predictable, since everyone else predicted it.  Ah well.
746	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-21	We'll find answers soon enough.
747	J_Crews	2012-05-21	I don't mind the change in Catelyn's release of Jaime, although I wish she'd have said that she did it in part because she was afraid Karstark and his men would murder Jaime if she didn't, and end all chance of her seeing her daughters.You must remember it came directly on the heels of dialogue between her and Brienne explicitly stating that Jaime would likely be dead before morning.  I just wish she had called-out Karstark on that in front of Robb.
748	Lady Olenna	2012-05-21	They should have named this episode Can't Understand Normal Thinking. If I had a nickel for every time they used the word I would have... Maybe a quarter? It was delivered most effectively by good old Yara. That was fantastic. The next usage of the word I am most looking forward to is when Arya places a Camel before it. That was simply a classic book moment. 
So I vaguely remember reading a thread (or 2) about who placed the NW cloaked obsidian in the Fist of First Men. I think the argument was that it was either Benjen or some other recent ranger. If the show is a proper reference then it looks like it is very old dragon glass. Which could mean it was left by someone of the First Men...
749	jlk7e	2012-05-21	You must remember it came directly on the heels of dialogue between her and Brienne explicitly stating that Jaime would likely be dead before morning. I just wish she had called-out Karstark on that in front of Robb.Yeah, that's basically what I was saying - she should have told Robb that she did it in part because Karstark seemed to be planning to murder Jaime before Robb got back.  But it's not a big deal, and I can kind of see why she might not want to alienate Karstark by doing that.
750	Ghost714	2012-05-21	In the preview for next week, does anyone else think it looked like Stannis was leading the charge off the rowboats, into the defenders of Kings Landing? 
Don't get me wrong, I am glad the are showing something that makes Stannis look like a badass, but Stannis isn't really that type of badass. He is definitely the more cautious Commander, and if he leads the charge, they are going to have to make him look even more badass IMO. He would have to be super badass, in order to survive to fight another day, after having led the charge right into a trap, and then being flanked by the Tywin/Tyrell army. 
So if my eyes did not decieve me, and if that preview was not just crafty editing to make it look like Stannis leads the charge, then I am very curious/excited to see Stannis fighting hand to hand the whole battle, and how he will survive it.
751	gpdrometer	2012-05-21	i didn't catch this myself, but someone posted this screencap to Reddit from tonight's episode http://i.imgur.com/EcqaA.png -- its in the background when Jaime and Brienne get into the rowboat. their guess was that this could have possibly been the silent sisters with ned's bones
752	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-21	I'm really unhappy with the changes to Arya's story.  Arya slices a man's throat in cold blood and whispers "Valar Morghulis" on her way out of Harrenhal.  Harrenhal was the beginning of Arya's journey to becoming a cold blooded killer.  Nothing about show!arya coveys that she has that level of darkness in her.  I think they have messed up her character arc in ACOK pretty badly, and given how Arya is my favorite character this is really ticking me off.
ETA:
HOTU in episode ten better be as freaking amazing as it was in the books (although I'm not holding my breath given what they did to Bran's 3-eyed crow dream), because otherwise the entire Dany story this season has been a big waste of time.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 21 May 2012 - 01:39 AM.
753	madman2711	2012-05-21	i like the the wildlings camo pattern 
talysa im not that into her as she is too "in your face/pants" Robb 
she is going to get married to the king by sleeping with him - i dont even care if she is a maid -
Jayne was a noble maid so when Robb took her, he was doing the noble thing so she wasn't disgraced but Talysa is not a noblewoman or at least not a Westeros noblewoman and the Freys wont be angry over Robb doing some westelands or essos girls but marrying one for sure will make them plan a RW
754	salt	2012-05-21	No horses for the king and his escort at the riots...barely any horses for the crows beyond the wall...but plenty of horses for the Ironborn /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.
755	pleonasm	2012-05-21	I feel almost redeemed with this train wreck of an episode. Every major issue I've had with this season's writing was pretty much proven correct.
1. The miscast and terrible writing of Shae. Who bought for a second that Tyrion had fallen head over heels for her? There hasn't been a single scene this season that would suggest that his feelings are anything more than sexual, and now he is near tears? Uggh...
2. Talisa - Stupid unnecessary rewrite of a minor character which required a long lenghty and boring backstory this week, that adds really nothing to the Robb/Jeyne Westerling union. I wasn't against modifying the original story given the aging up of Robb's character, but this was as awful as expected. It isn't the actors, both are more than competent to deliver the goods, but I wasn't feeling anything with these two. Even the clumsy attempt of humour during the stripping down scene, as least I think was an attempt, came off as terrible.
3. Arya and Tywin - Yes - They have chemistry in spades, but other than Cersei and Tyrion, what two characters had more screen time together this season? And what was the point in the end? Nothing. Yes - We got some lessons in great acting from Charles Dance and Maise, but to have no real significant point for the characters suggests what a poorly thought out idea. Why not at least play up the drama and have Tywin get a letter from Tyrion indicating they have lost Arya and Tywin suddenly clueing in on who this high born girl is? At least it would add some drama to the events at Harrenhal. Or as I like to call it "Arya's Haunted Castle Vacation"
4. Qarth. Despite all the rewrites and changes, it remains the weak storyline that it was in Clash of Kings. It feels like its taking her a month to get from the kidnapping of the dragons to actually visiting the House of the Undying.
That said, I did like Stannis and Davros, and Tyrion with everyone (excluding Shae).
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 21 May 2012 - 02:03 AM.
756	red snow	2012-05-21	No horses for the king and his escort at the riots...barely any horses for the crows beyond the wall...but plenty of horses for the Ironborn /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.That's quite a funny observation. I was hoping to see less horses after "luck"'s cancellation though!What I love about this show is that the ending was as close to a "happy" one as this show's going to get. And happy is "Theon burned two farm boys to death rather than the Stark kids"
757	midnightrider	2012-05-21	HBO really needs to get these last two episodes right...this episode was a snooze fest.
 I watch the episodes with a group of friends each week (non-readers) and they have said that they do not even want to continue watching.  Why is HBO focusing, and wasting so much time on meaningless scenes, only to leave out great moments in the book?  
And if I hear Danny whine about being the mother of Dragons, I am going to scream.  Granted she does not have the most interesting plot line in ACoK, but I would rather only see her charater every 4 episodes, than to have those horrible scenes like tonight...
Ugh..I digress
758	madman2711	2012-05-21	Of course due to the changes the Robb / Cat argument is invalid as in the book Robb already f@&Â<U+0080> up and married Jayne so the Freys already droped him as lord and ge is much more friendly to his mother "treason" so Edmure is the one who imprison her with their father on his death bed, but this is not a complaint just an observation
I just wondered who is protecting ER jayne from rape now and untill she joined the war effort as she is by far the only woman in Robb lowborn army (not including Cat& Brienne) 
Also i wonder what NGO is she on as except for the silent sisters who are the field nurses by the book
Anyway they at least try this episode to link back to the book main plot
759	salt	2012-05-21	Oona Chaplin naked /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />.  Not saying she's worth a sword in the heart, but certainly a sword in the shoulder, possibly a leg.
Also, was that a Stannis scene I didn't hate?  Hooray!
					
					
							Edited by salt, 21 May 2012 - 02:36 AM.
760	Mauvka	2012-05-21	If Talissa ends up being actually a Volantene lady... after this episode I can actually get behind that.  Now that she and Robb are actually talking to each other rather than the snarking from the earliest episodes, I'm a lot more sold on the two actors' chemistry.  The description of the Volantis slave society was a nice touch foreshadowing for book 5.
761	J_Crews	2012-05-21	If Talissa ends up being actually a Volantene lady... after this episode I can actually get behind that. Now that she and Robb are actually talking to each other rather than the snarking from the earliest episodes, I'm a lot more sold on the two actors' chemistry. The description of the Volantis slave society was a nice touch foreshadowing for book 5.I agree with this.
762	Dragon of Valyria	2012-05-21	I loved the descriptions of Volantis. It was a lot of name-dropping, which was nice. We heard that a Volantene lady's education involves recitation of Valyrian poetry (which is nice to know, since the everyday Volantene language has changed quite a bit from High Valyrian) and it was cool to hear about the Rhoyne. Yeah, she doesn't look Valyrian but it seems they're playing up the warmer climes of Volantis, so her tanned/Latin appearance works well for that.
And I feel like a pig for even saying this, but there's a face (and a body) that could launch a thousand ships... youch.
Varys continues to be spectacular, although I dunno about Bronn schooling everyone about how to defend a city. Seems like Tyrion should have an idea or two of his own, and it seems like reading books should be helpful (Napoleon learned a lot of the craft by reading Caesar). There is such a thing as the art of war, and military sciences. Sometimes I feel the show pushes a modernist mindset regarding commoners.
And of course, I was utterly enthralled to receive Hot Pie's words of wisdom. I learned more things about cherry pits than I had ever imagined. He is truly the prince that was promised.
763	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-05-21	Bit slow this week, but I didn't mind it, bar a couple things.
Didn't like how they did Robb/Talisa. The story was so eye-rolling expected. Since they've kept in Theon killing the fake Bran and Rickon, I have no idea why they decided to keep Catilyn and Robb ignorant of it when grief from their deaths is perfect for tipping Cat over the edge and releasing Jaime, and for Robb to break his marriage vow and sleep with another woman. The change to Cat's actions isn't too bad since the core reasoning, to get Sansa and Arya back, is the same, but the change to Robb's felt really hollow as "oh, god, my brothers are dead, I need comforting" just works better than how cheesy they played it up for romance. I totally get the need to "show, not tell" and that the Robb romance had to be on screen; I just wish it was being done slightly differently.
I also missed "weasel soup," but unlike the above, I totally understand why they cut it. In general, Arya's story feels kind of truncated, but it's been pretty well executed so I don't mind.
My biggest "Yay, we're going to get-- aww..." moment of the episode was Tyrion asking Varys what he wanted. With all the focus on Varys in this episode, I thought for sure we were going to get Varys' backstory about when he was castrated and how he hates magic. I was a bit crushed when I realized the scene had ended.
764	Morrigan	2012-05-21	He essentially quoted Maggy the Frog's prophecy word for word. GRRM has said multiple times in interviews that D&D have insight into how the series will end. I think that scene was a tip of the cap to all those who assumed it be him over Jaime. We'll see if lefty ends up killing her, but that scene confirms Tyrion for me.Huh? What? Citation plz."Robb and Talisa or whoever - meh. I don't see what we gain from this." Man I really really really don't understand people who are saying this. What we gain from this is a path to what could be one of the most amazing scenes on TV ever. Rob just can't show up and be married without us seeing how it happens. It has to be passionate as breaking his vow is a very, very big deal. So what we're seeing with Rob and Talisa/Jeyne and Cat releasing Jamie is set up for the Red Wedding. This stuff is ESSENTIAL for people who haven't read the books.Uh, yeah, they did need to show his falling-in-love-and-marriage on-screen... that's not what people are objecting to. They're objecting because the storyline D&D wrote is clichA©, boring, unbelievable and stupid.Sigh. This again. Jaime would've never lived to see the morning. Karstark was right there in camp, stirring-up trouble, as opposed to off with Robb like in the book. If anything, the way the show did it makes more sense, not less, than her letting him go in some desperate (and probably misguided) hope that it'll get her the girls back. She knows, for a fact, that if the Karstarks kill him, the girls are dead meat.Except, you know, Catelyn didn't even tell Robb that this was the reason she freed Jaime. Instead she just looked stupid and pathetic. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ridiculous and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s painful. It is annoying. It subtracts from the experience. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fucking assinine.Funny, I feel the same about your bitching.I honestly don't understand all the complaints about not getting weasel soup. I mean, if TV Arya isn't known as "Weasel", how or why can they have weasel soup in the same way as the book? Get over it, people! Yes, it was a 'fun' part of the book with Arya, but in the overall context of her storyline across this asnd the next 3 books, it was a tiny little detail that really has absolutely no long term signficance. Talk about griping over inconsequential changes!*facepalm* People aren't disappointed because there wasn't a scene called that literally... they are disappointed that Arya didn't use Jaqen's name to participate in an awesome scheme that resulted in a slaughterhouse, which is very important for Arya's development, and they're disappointed that she didn't even get to kill her own guard while escaping. When they say "no weasel soup, boo!" they mean that there isn't even a similar scene that would replace what was referred to as the "weasel soup" in the book. Of course it wouldn't be called that in the TV show, but that's not the point."Tiny detail with no long-term significance"? Ugh, yeah, nevermind the House of Black and White and the Faceless Men and the whole assassin-in-training thing...
765	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	Is there really this huge clamor to know more about Volantis?  It seems weird to infodump something that will not become even remotely relevant until they hit ADWD, if then.  Why not make her from Astapor, Yunkai, or Mereen?  Or Bravoos?  It just seems odd.  It's hard for me to see why including info about Volantis is a big positive.
766	rmanoj	2012-05-21	I don't mind the "Talisa" thing in itself, but I just don't see how they're going to have Robb marry her without being even more of an idiot than in the books. At least in the books, he only slept with her when he was wounded and emotionally unstable due to hearing about Bran and Rickon, and then married her afterwards for her honour. But in the show, there's no reason why he wouldn't be perfectly clear-headed when he has sex with her (he's not injured and hasn't heard about his brothers) so he knows what he's doing, and he's a grown man as opposed to a 16 year old. It's going to be a lot harder to sympathise with him when he screws up the war and loses his kingdom and the lives of his men over an infatuation. 
That said, I enjoyed the Stannis bits, as well as Jaime and Brienne and the scenes in KL. The Harrenhal scenes are always nicely acted and entertaining but I agree with what people are saying about Arya's development. Fast-forwarded through Jon and Dany.
					
					
							Edited by rmanoj, 21 May 2012 - 03:45 AM.
767	madman2711	2012-05-21	It will be hard for book worms like me to understand why Robb will marry Talysa as she isnt from a respectable noble family or her honor is not that a big deal as Karstark calls his kings lover "foreigh bitch" and as i said the Freys dont mind Robb sleeping around as lord Frey has lots of bastards himself 
The catalyst of their RW is Robb braking his betrohal to the Frey girl
768	J_Crews	2012-05-21	Two things re: Robb:First, I found this.And...I just re-watched ep. 8 and he and Talisa/Tulisa/whatever are definitely walking toward Robb's camp, as in having been to the Crag and are now returning.  The rider coming from the camp approaches them from the front.EDIT: This was talked about earlier in the thread i.e. whether or not they'd already been to the Crag or were going there and were called back.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 21 May 2012 - 04:10 AM.
769	kwak76	2012-05-21	Don't like the changes too much......
Negatives...Robb / Talisa ...I don't see the point of it...
Arya / Tywin.....It was interesting to see the chemistry between the two actors but really it would of been better if it was Bolton /Arya
770	runeghost	2012-05-21	I'm starting to think they are setting Jeyne up to betray Robb, why else would she continue this charade?I'm thinking that Talisa is going to turn out to be the daughter of Gerion Lannister, Tywin's youngest brother who was last seen in Volantis before he sailed off into Smoking Sea looking for Brightroar amid the ruins of Valyria. As to whether or not she'll turn out to be working or spying for Twywin... no idea.
771	Shienberg	2012-05-21	Episode was boring...I hate Catelyn Stark, she starts this whole war capturing Tyrion which gets her husband killed, and then betrays her son which assists in getting him killed.Anyone know why they don't just call Theon's Sister Asha?  Doesn't really make a difference just odd.Really wished they would have at least shown Dany at the HOTU and accomplished something this episode besides pure set up.Because Asha sounds too much like Osha. Same reason they called Robert Aryn Robin. Too many Robbs and Roberts. Easy to know the difference if you are reading. Hard to keep track of on tv.
772	madman2711	2012-05-21	Than why are they calling jayne talisa so that we dont bitch she isnt just like in the books
I really think she will start a baywatch/ lifeguard program in westeros just to get over her childhood drama
773	nara	2012-05-21	I agree with the sentiments that yes, weasel soup was a great and memorable part of aCoK, but it getting written out didn't leave me pouting by any means. try and keep in mind how great it is that this story is being adapted in the first place (and by very capable writers and actors) when you are watching, rather than post things like "I literally had to turn it off" just because of minor changes. It kinda makes me think that yall "purists" don't really deserve any adaptation at all because you aren't grown up enough to deal with it. on a completely different note, does anyone else leave HBO on after and watch Veep? I find it delightful.When they announced Oona Chaplin joining the cast, they said she would play someone named Jeyne.  At the time, the discussion (in the Casting discussion on this board) was whether she would be Jeyne Poole or Jeyne Westerling.  Unless they've subsequently changed their minds, I think they will reveal her as Jeyne Westerling...
774	DurararaFTW	2012-05-21	So, Karstark going to kill Kingslayer is what replaces Bran and Rickon's death for Cat, Catelyn's betrayal is what replaces it for Robb. That and this Talisa is ten times the woman Jeyne ever was. C'mon guys, her only characteristic of note were her childbearing hips. I nodded off a little during Talisa backstory but it's okay. I still have high hopes it'll all be one hell of a ruse.
Yara/Asha was good too. I always felt the Ironborn were morons here. Yeah, your strength lies in the sea. You still went to war against the North and you aren't going to conquer it or be ready when Robb goes North by harrying a few villages and staying at sea. Either don't go to war or do it properly. Theon's chances weren't fantastic, but at least he committed to the hopeless war they started. Balon and Asha had learned absolutely nothing from Theon's brothers deaths and would've steered towards the same old end if not for Euron. But here Yara when they were alone went for different angle. A Ironbron dies at sea. She wants her brother to be an ironborn win or lose. Theon doesn't get this, he doesn't see how being Prince of Winterfell and Ironborn are two different things. Which is what his character arc is all about.
Varys, Tyrion, Bronn's greatness go without saying. Though i wouldn't mind Tyrion actually coming up with some ideas for the defense every now and then rather then just tell us he's smart and thinking about it.
Stannis was the Stannis I know and love this episode, I wasn't too sure in the past, but I wasn't sure in the books at the time either. He and Davos have a great bromance.
Ser Kevan showing up and showing us he cares is nice. Jaqen and Arya were great but I'll miss Arya being able to interact with Jaqen and Tywin rather then Hot Pie and gendry. Though Gendry is pretty cool. Maybe Jaqen will replace her FM mentor in later seasons...
I'm disappointed that Luwin won't be revealing he knew all along on his deathbed, but this gives potential for him and Bran to speak again unjured in the next episode one last time which is cool.
I like Jorah's being all "off course i remember you stepping out of flames unburnt. You were supernaked. I think about that moment every second of every day."
775	nara	2012-05-21	I suppose I'll also have to admit that I was stupidly wrong in thinking they wouldn't use Ros in Alayaya's role.  I thought it wouldn't make any sense why Cersei would think she meant something to Tyrion, but I guess it was fine, and it was obviously pretty predictable, since everyone else predicted it.  Ah well.I saw it coming, but I think that it would have been better if we'd seen a conversation with Tyrion and Ros after he arrived in KL to remind viewers that she's the same prostitute from his first scene in the series.  That conversation could have been observed by someone, who told Cersei.
776	J_Crews	2012-05-21	When they announced Oona Chaplin joining the cast, they said she would play someone named Jeyne. At the time, the discussion (in the Casting discussion on this board) was whether she would be Jeyne Poole or Jeyne Westerling. Unless they've subsequently changed their minds, I think they will reveal her as Jeyne Westerling...You may be right, but I'm not holding my breath, since they've been to Jeyne Westerling's home castle the Crag without her being found out.  Honestly, I couldn't care less, though.  Volantene noblewoman works for me.  The point of the RW was never that Robb's young wife was a Westerling, but rather that he broke his word and married anyone who wasn't one of Walder Frey's girls.
777	J_Crews	2012-05-21	I always felt the Ironborn were morons here. Yeah, your strength lies in the sea. You still went to war against the North and you aren't going to conquer it or be ready when Robb goes North by harrying a few villages and staying at sea. Either don't go to war or do it properly. Theon's chances weren't fantastic, but at least he committed to the hopeless war they started. Balon and Asha had learned absolutely nothing from Theon's brothers deaths and would've steered towards the same old end if not for Euron. But here Yara when they were alone went for different angle. A Ironbron dies at sea. She wants her brother to be an ironborn win or lose. Theon doesn't get this, he doesn't see how being Prince of Winterfell and Ironborn are two different things. Which is what his character arc is all about.I like the Ironborn culture (as fiction, that is -- if they were real, they be some shitty neighbors to have), but Balon and crew in charge are morons.  They should've taken Robb's deal, but assuaged their pride by demanding Robb cede them Sea Dragon Point, the Stony Shore (say, everything from the coast to 10-15 miles inland), and a chunk of the Rills. In the interest of negotiation, I would've demanded Bear Island as well, all the while knowing they'd balk -- then I'd concede on it to show what a reasonable negotiator I was.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 21 May 2012 - 04:50 AM.
778	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Balon is blinded by his lust for vengeance over the sons he lost because he started his rebellion and completely unreasonable, even Damphair of all people admits it in one of his POVs, nuff said I think.
The episode was awesome! Many great dialogues, jokes (Varys is just SOOO good, Dolorous Ed as well) and lots of backstory: Stephen Dillane just nailed it this time around with the tale of the siege of Storm's End and the dialogue was perfect (past portrayals of Stannis were sometimes somewhat lacking, because of the writing mind you, 'cos Dillane does a great job). Karstark was awesome as well, I just love how they really do their best to find the perfect actors for the minor characters as well. My only gripes are that the Halfhand is severely less cool being captured like that and the Starks seem like total idiots now whereas you would have had more sympathy for them if they acted on emotion 'knowing' Bran and Rickon were dead. Jeyne should've also made the move, not Robb, 'cos I still feel it was a Westerling ploy (how did she NOT get pregnant anyway?) rather than pure coincidence. Either way after Episode 7 gave me some worries they're back with force with this episode 8.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 05:01 AM.
779	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-21	Not a bad episode.  I could have cheerfully done without seeing more Robb/Talisa scenes; but at least Roz didn't talk too much while standing in for Alayaya from the books.Cersei was in better form in this episode -  perhaps she just had to have somebody whipped to restore the confidence that was lagging in the last episode?  It's not easy being queen...Finally, a moment or two when I liked Asha-Yara.  It started when she had her feet up on the Winterfell table; a pose that seemed very Asha-ish.  Nice scene between her and Theon.  Poor Theon is still trying to be both Stark - wanting to compensate the miller for murdering his foster-sons - and Ironborn by claiming credit for killing Bran and Rickon.  Alfie Allen is extremely believable as Theon.  Tyrion is very much in love with Shae; and it seems fairly obvious to the viewer that she thinks he's cute, or gullible, but she certainly is nowhere near reciprocating his deep feelings for her.The Jamie/Brienne Road Trip sets off in fine style!  More of these two, less of Talisa and Robb, and I'd be a happy watcher!  The Dany/Jorah scene had a lovely view of the Mighty Cheekbones and Azure Eyes of Iain Glen, but not much else.I really wanted to slap Robb upside the head for talking to his mother like that.  Yes, he's a king; and he's done what to get his sisters back?  On his watch, Winterfell has fallen to the Ironborn; (as far as they know) his little brothers are prisoners, of course Catelyn would take action to try to preserve her daughters' lives by freeing Jaime before the Karstarks killed him.   Technically, Catelyn should not have flouted the authority of the King in the North; but she's his mother and still deserves more respect than he gave her; and I'd probably have done the exact same thing in her place.Tywin's left Harrenhal in force and showed his continued admiration for the plucky girl cupbearer by giving her as a present to Gregor Clegane.  That's so sweet.  I can see how much she meant to him.  A  nice reminder that Tywin is still Tywin and doesn't really give a darn about the peasant help; even smart  plucky ones.  Maybe he thinks she'll domesticate the Mountain.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 21 May 2012 - 05:11 AM.
780	Roose Seal	2012-05-21	What a boring-ass episode. 
Arya/Tywin : What a disappointing end to a great storyline. So Tywin just goes 'I need to go' and goes. That's it. And then Arya says "I need to escape" and she escapes. No tension, no suspense, nothing. All that incredible build-up for nothing. Lame.
Brienne/Jaime : Fun start for their road trip, excited to see more.
Theon/Yara : Okay but they made it way too obvious that the two boys were not Bran and Rickon. No suspense whatsoever there. 
Tyrion: Fun scenes this week.
Robb/Talisa: Yaaaaawn. What's with the infodump about Volantis ? 
Cersei : Alright.
Stannis/Davos : Enough with the backstory. 
Dany : Jeez, go to the House of the Undying already!
All in all, this episode bored me to tears, ep 9 and 10 better be damn good or I'm not watching s3. This season has been extremely underwhelming.
					
					
							Edited by The Lost Direwolf, 21 May 2012 - 05:26 AM.
781	insertname	2012-05-21	Tywin's left Harrenhal in force and showed his continued admiration for the plucky girl cupbearer by giving her as a present to Gregor Clegane. That's so sweet. I can see how much she meant to him. A nice reminder that Tywin is still Tywin and doesn't really give a darn about the peasant help; even smart plucky ones. Maybe he thinks she'll domesticate the Mountain.   /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I'm sorry but that's one of the main problems I have with this episode, because honestly it makes Tywin look like a fool. All those past episodes I though he knew who she was and just kept her around that way for his own specific reasons that were supposed to revealed later, and I was thrilled to see where this was going.Yet now? Tywin realizes she's a highborn northern girl, yet make no move whatsoever to find out who she is? How many northern girls are running around in a war, I ask you? How come she was able to be captured when the Lannisters haven't even breached northern territory? How come that nobody told Tywin that Amory Lorch chased Arya five minutes before he got murdered? The show also lets Tywin assume he was the target of the murder where the way the killing happened clearly suggests he isn't (Lorch drops dead into his room with the dart already in his neck)Tywin just appears to be big idiot instead of smart strategist. Way to ruin a role, imo.
782	Pliskin	2012-05-21	Why do I always see Asha when I look at Oona Chaplin ?
And am I the only one ?
783	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Probably. Asha is neither dark-skinned nor very pretty. She doesn't even have long hair.
As for Tywin, giving Arya to the Mountain is probably his idea of making sure she stays where she is. Most girls would be too scared to run knowing Gregor would come after them. The Mountain will probably get a rap on the knuckles for letting her escape later and then is when it'll be revealed Tywin knew she was important.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 06:04 AM.
784	Arataniello	2012-05-21	More flattening of the plot to give the producers more screen-time for what they want to show, which in this episode was Robb/Talisa.  So we lose quintessential plot elements like weasel soup and Jaquen changing his face for romance. 
The one bright spot for me was the brief scene with Brienne and Jaime.
Osha being seen in broad daylight, and Luwin talking to her?  Yet more watering down of the great writing in the books to provide TV-esque plottery for the general public.
I should have put money on Ros being the Whore That Fulfils All Plot Points That Require A Whore.
785	DurararaFTW	2012-05-21	Probably. Asha is neither dark-skinned nor very pretty. She doesn't even have long hair. As for Tywin, giving Arya to the Mountain is probably his idea of making sure she stays where she is. Most girls would be too scared to run knowing Gregor would come after them. The Mountain will probably get a rap on the knuckles for letting her escape later and then is when it'll be revealed Tywin knew she was important.Asha was suppose to be quite pretty in the books, but that's it.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 21 May 2012 - 06:14 AM.
786	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	I think of her more as 'handsome' than 'pretty' if you get my drift: the way she's described Asha is more about charisma and the way she carries herself rather than 'blindingly pretty girl with big brown eyes-looks' like Jeyne is. I never think of her as ugly but not stunningly beautiful either and I think that's the way she's described. A girl like Jeyne would be a pushover and be turned into a salt wife if she was on the Iron Islands, not to mention looking terribly out of place.
Yeah, it totally would have made more sense to simply have a previously unseen black whore dragged out of nowhere instead of the clever way they set up Ros for the job (in case you missed it, she was caught because she was still wearing the necklace Tyrion gave her in episode 1).
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 06:17 AM.
787	Pliskin	2012-05-21	I think of her more as 'handsome' than 'pretty' if you get my drift: the way she's described Asha is more about charisma and the way she carries herself rather than 'blindingly pretty girl with big brown eyes-looks' like Jeyne is. I never think of her as ugly but not stunningly beautiful either and I think that's the way she's described. A girl like Jeyne would be a pushover and be turned into a salt wife if she was on the Iron Islands, not to mention looking terribly out of place.Probably. Asha is neither dark-skinned nor very pretty. She doesn't even have long hair.I don't care at all how she looks like. When I say she looks like Asha, I'm not talking about her skin or her prettiness. It's more than that.They had the perfect actress for Asha... and they cast her for another role.
					
					
							Edited by Pliskin, 21 May 2012 - 06:23 AM.
788	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-21	I did not read the whole thread but two small moments stood out for me in this episode:
1. Tyrion's 'I told you so' glance at Bronn about the pronunciation of some weird author name
2. Arya's 'so?' glance/shrug at jaquen about her having no honor. Who cares../smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
These nonverbal signs are one of the benefits of the medium. Really terrific acting. Sometimes dialogue and words are overrated
789	Pliskin	2012-05-21	Oups, sorry, post erased. It was a mistake.
					
					
							Edited by Pliskin, 21 May 2012 - 06:22 AM.
790	zippypoodle	2012-05-21	Well you're free to start one. This thread is all-inclusive and it's a little unrealistic to expect there won't be "purists"/"nitpickers" etc. on it.And it is unrealistic to expect they will not themselves be picked at.
791	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	I don't care at all how she looks like. When I say she looks like Asha, I'm not talking about her skin or her prettiness. It's more than that. They had the perfect actress for Asha... and they cast her for another role.So when you say someone looks like someone else, you're not talking about their appearance... okay then. I think our ideas on who or what Asha is differ extremely. The current actress does a great job portraying her IMO, smugness, authority and threatening confidence all around. Not the pretty sultry out-of-place looking outlandish girl who is nevertheless a daughter of Balon Greyjoy Oona would have made if cast for Asha.Talking about similar appearances, I had Bronn confused with Roose there for a minute at the beginning of a scene where it was kinda dark, lol. Roose is another character they did really well. It makes no sense to me Jeyne would simply walk straight into the tent and interrupt Robb's council however (this is the second time!). It does make for great foreshadowing for what Roose is going to pull.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 06:35 AM.
792	DurararaFTW	2012-05-21	So when you say someone looks like someone else, you're not talking about their appearance... okay then. I think our ideas on who or what Asha is differ extremely. The current actress does a great job portraying her IMO, smugness, authority and threatening confidence all around. Not the pretty sultry out-of-place looking outlandish girl who is nevertheless a daughter of Balon Greyjoy Oona would have made if cast for Asha. Talking about similar appearances, I had Bronn confused with Roose there for a minute at the beginning of a scene where it was kinda dark, lol. Roose is another character they did really well. It makes no sense to me Jeyne would simply walk straight into the tent and interrupt Robb's council however (this is the second time!). It makes for great foreshadowing for what Roose is going to pull however.So when you say someone looks like someone else, you're not talking about their appearance... okay then. I think our ideas on who or what Asha is differ extremely. The current actress does a great job portraying her IMO, smugness, authority and threatening confidence all around. Not the pretty sultry out-of-place looking outlandish girl who is nevertheless a daughter of Balon Greyjoy Oona would have made if cast for Asha. Talking about similar appearances, I had Bronn confused with Roose there for a minute at the beginning of a scene where it was kinda dark, lol. Roose is another character they did really well. It makes no sense to me Jeyne would simply walk straight into the tent and interrupt Robb's council however (this is the second time!). It makes for great foreshadowing for what Roose is going to pull however.Current Yara looks like she could be related to Theon, they went with making sibling look possibly related ahead of extreme book accuracy. Tyrion's suppose to have part black and white hair and green and black eye and stuff and the actor even had to fake an accent but they still cast Peter after all.And c'mon, the guards know Robb's planning on doing her, she was having a date with him in the forst trailed by his bodyguards after all. It's the wedding part that's the problem.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 21 May 2012 - 06:40 AM.
793	Pliskin	2012-05-21	So when you say someone looks like someone else, you're not talking about their appearance... okay then. I think our ideas on who or what Asha is differ extremely. The current actress does a great job portraying her IMO, smugness, authority and threatening confidence all around. Not the pretty sultry out-of-place looking outlandish girl who is nevertheless a daughter of Balon Greyjoy Oona would have made if cast for Asha.I don't know how to say it. She may not look like Asha, but she IS Asha, for me. You still don't see what I mean ?And she certainly looks more like Asha, physically, than Yara does, anyway. But it's not the point (old troll).She's lean, tall, charismatic. And I don't find her face that pretty (at least not more than book!Asha), so... but still, it's not my point Â2 (sorry...).
					
					
							Edited by Pliskin, 21 May 2012 - 06:42 AM.
794	Arkash	2012-05-21	Most important part of the episode for me: Dragonglass ! Great moment ! Otherwise, it was a pure episode of transition.
795	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	I don't see what you mean at all - I've already established she doesn't look anything like her, Asha is never described as exceedingly pretty, and her character is wholly different as well: when Asha says something mean, it's meant to be mean, Jeyne is simply talking back to Robb to get in his pants. Whereas Asha is more the 'direct attack' type, if you get my drift. Just think back on her memories of the sailor who only knew ten words, one of them being 'fuck'. That's not to say Yara looks that much like I imagined Asha (more or less, though), but she gets the character down perfectly. If Oona had been cast as Asha, I'm pretty sure people would be having their doubts about Balon's authority over his wife and thinking foreign sailors often made their way to Pyke, lol...
That's true 'cos Theon looks nothing like I imagined him either. But it's more important that Alfie Allen does such a great job playing him.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 06:51 AM.
796	Pliskin	2012-05-21	Most important part of the episode for me: Dragonglass ! Great moment ! Otherwise, it was a pure episode of transition.Grenn and Sam finding the dragonglass, instead of Jon, was, indeed, a smart move.(sad, we cannot say the same for all of them in season 2)
797	Pliskin	2012-05-21	I don't see what you mean at all - I've already established she doesn't look anything like her, Asha is never described as exceedingly pretty, and her character is wholly different as well: when Asha says something mean, it's meant to be mean, Jeyne is simply talking back to Robb to get in his pants. Whereas Asha is more the 'direct attack' type, if you get my drift. Just think back on her memories of the sailor who only knew ten words, one of them being 'fuck'.Well, I've never said that Talisa has something to do with Asha. They're completely different, we agree on this.But just try to imagine Oona Chaplin (and not the character Talisa she's playing right now) as Asha. And tell me if you don't find her more convincing that Jemma Whelan.
798	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	I guess we'll never know. For one she'd look horribly out of place and probably too 'soft' for the role, on the other hand I'm very happy with Jemma Whelan's (you saved me the bother of looking up her name, yay) performance. She's every bit as smug and confident as I imagined her in the books, and her smile, which is one of Asha's most important features, is exactly the same. You can just see the Asha-ness radiating off her when you see her on-screen IMO, Jemma and Alfie truly shine in their dialogues. I think it's a good thing they went with an actress that is perhaps less 'pretty' than the Asha from the books to make clear that's not why men follow her. Oona would've just made her 'typical warrior princess No. xxx' I believe.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 06:57 AM.
799	Arkash	2012-05-21	And alongside the dragonglass, was the horn, so maybe it is important for the rest of the story (I'm saying this from a book-walker perspective).
800	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	Erm, wow. I think every scene in that episode was perfect. I especially loved Tyrion's "one game at a time, my friend" line. Here are my somewhat non coherent ramblings.-I was a little apprehensive about the Jon/Ygritte digression last week, because one of Jon's best chapters in the series is the hopeless flight away from the wildling army, trying to get back to the fist. But as long as we get the whole "you must not balk" Jon/Halfhand thing, I'm fine with the change. Bloody love Rose Leslie as Ygritte, and Rattleshirt's armour is awesome.ETA- Also, Sam getting all nerdy over Dragonglass was awesome. It was nice to get a reminder about Dolorous Edd, Grenn &amp; Sam being on the fist. I still have my fingers crossed that this season will end with the three hornblows...-Alfie Allen is killing it as Theon! I loved the Yara/Theon exchange at the beginning of the episode. For me, Yara is coming across pretty much exactly how Asha did in the books, but then, I don't have some intense obsessive fanboy crush on Asha. I still firmly think that Roose's bastard is already in Winterfell, it's Dagmer! But yeah, at this stage that's just a guess, it's a theory with holes in, blah blah blah. But I'd be surprised if Dagmer wasn't at least one of the Bastard's boys.  Also, glad that the Brickon party are actually in the crypts. -I loved the Harrenhal scenes. I don't really mind that we didn't see Jaqen's face change, because I still can't see how that wouldn't look cheesy on tv (i'm sure they'll do it well when they get round to it, but it's not really relevant at this stage). Also, if he IS the alchemist, and shows up in season 4, it'll be much better if it's Tom Wlaschiha who shows up because a) he's gorgeous and b)the audience probably won't make the connection that we saw that randomer in season 2. Also, so psyched for the Brotherhood. Will Arya get captured in SO2E10? I think so...-Jaime and Brienne. JAIME AND BRIENNE. ajkajshidkjsdfndks. Just hit the nail on the head. NCW is just made for that role, and Christie just is Brienne. That is all.-I've said it before and I'll say it again, I really like what they've done with Talissa/Jeyne! Making her a Volantene or whatnot might be a step too far BUT AT LEAST SHE'S INTERESTING! In the books, it worked fine when Robb reappeared with some pretty but meek wife, because it was a real WTF moment. I completely understand that Martin would never have written Robb's wife as a spunky war nurse, but as we're watching their relationship with the show, thank fuck they developed her a bit more.-Stannis and Davos scene was great. Stannis was hilarious. Davos was just the exact same Davos we see in the books which is fucking awesome. Win.-HA, knew Ros would = Alayaya. Knew it. And Dinklage was once again on fire this episode, Tyrion's scene with Bronn was awesome, he and Colneth Hill were amazing together as usual, and it's nice to see Tyrion's emotional side for once. He plays the game so very well that we can forget how human he really is.-Dany was a little short changed this week but we'll get the HoU soon and that will end her arc with another bang this season. Also, Emilia Clark and Iain Glen work really well together.So yeah. Loved it.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 21 May 2012 - 07:22 AM.
801	Balefont	2012-05-21	Can we stop bitching about Robb and Talisa's scenes (I thoroughly enjoyed them tonight and completely understand the need to show Robb falling in love - esp. since they aged him up) and get to the matter at hand? The hottest chick on the show got NEKKID this week. Seriously. Oona is gorgeous. I may be girl-crushing. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />I disagree.  I'm on Team Natalie Dormer.I'm not a purist, but Cat freeing Jamie before she finds out about Bran and Rickon bugs the hell out of me. Honestly I'm just trying to pretend it didn't happen.If they waited until after she heard the boys were dead, Karstark's argument would have been hugely deflated because Cat would have the upper hand in the morality debate.
802	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	If they waited until after she heard the boys were dead, Karstark's argument would have been hugely deflated because Cat would have the upper hand in the morality debate.Why is Cat having the upper hand in the morality debate a problem for the show? I'm still not sure why they changed it; makes more sense for Catelyn to free Jaime and Robb to sleep with Jeyne (Talisa) after they found out Bran and Rickon died. The timeline matched up too, if they just waited an extra episode. It's not like they needed to move up Jaime's escape.
803	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	They didn't even really have to wait an extra episode, just make some minor changes to the sequencing of scenes.  They could easily have had Robb/Catelyn find out about Bran/Rickon at the beginning of this episode, then have that be the determining factor that convinced Catelyn to really let Jaime escape instead of just considering it, as well as the reason he slept with Jeyne/Talisa.
804	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	If they waited until after she heard the boys were dead, Karstark's argument would have been hugely deflated because Cat would have the upper hand in the morality debate.I think that's the whole point of people being unhappy with it! If they created the whole 'Jaime was going to die anyway due to the trouble Karstark and his men were making' why ignore it like that now... I imagined Robb would be quite angry at Karstark, but no. What the show does do though, is show how Catelyn Is Always Right and Robb is acting like a fool: he's even more irresponsible in the show because he makes the first move(s) to get Jeyne rather than the other way around, even when not emotionally shattered. And that right after he berated his own mother, no less. This might actually give Catelyn some sympathy because it's clear Robb is being hypocritical here. Losing the Freys is more crucial than losing Jaime.Stannis was hilarious.I knew, one day, one day I would finally see this sentence on this forum /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> He was hilarious when speaking of his almost dead wife who was so scared she couldn't speak, though? That's cold, man, real cold x')
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 07:37 AM.
805	Puck the Goat	2012-05-21	OK... they could have handled Dany's bit in 5 to 10 minutes. House of Undying... grab those babies... burn the place down. Then we could have her meet up with her new friends at the docks in episode 10.
Instead we had the goofy scene with Robb.
I am glad that the boys are in the crypt. That helps. So long as when they come out, the Reeds are waiting for them.
806	Versiroth	2012-05-21	I feel almost redeemed with this train wreck of an episode. Every major issue I've had with this season's writing was pretty much proven correct. 1. The miscast and terrible writing of Shae. Who bought for a second that Tyrion had fallen head over heels for her? There hasn't been a single scene this season that would suggest that his feelings are anything more than sexual, and now he is near tears? Uggh... 2. Talisa - Stupid unnecessary rewrite of a minor character which required a long lenghty and boring backstory this week, that adds really nothing to the Robb/Jeyne Westerling union. I wasn't against modifying the original story given the aging up of Robb's character, but this was as awful as expected. It isn't the actors, both are more than competent to deliver the goods, but I wasn't feeling anything with these two. Even the clumsy attempt of humour during the stripping down scene, as least I think was an attempt, came off as terrible. 3. Arya and Tywin - Yes - They have chemistry in spades, but other than Cersei and Tyrion, what two characters had more screen time together this season? And what was the point in the end? Nothing. Yes - We got some lessons in great acting from Charles Dance and Maise, but to have no real significant point for the characters suggests what a poorly thought out idea. Why not at least play up the drama and have Tywin get a letter from Tyrion indicating they have lost Arya and Tywin suddenly clueing in on who this high born girl is? At least it would add some drama to the events at Harrenhal. Or as I like to call it "Arya's Haunted Castle Vacation" 4. Qarth. Despite all the rewrites and changes, it remains the weak storyline that it was in Clash of Kings. It feels like its taking her a month to get from the kidnapping of the dragons to actually visiting the House of the Undying. That said, I did like Stannis and Davros, and Tyrion with everyone (excluding Shae).1. This was the reveal that Tyrion WAS head over heels!   Even Shae seemed surprised.   Not everything in a TV show can have an elaborate build up.  A lot of people simply expect too much.   It's obvious that Tyrion was trying to hide/protect Shae and in this episode, we find out that he's in love with her.   2.  So, you'd have rather Robb go off to the Crag and then come back married to some random girl?   They couldn't have the duaghter of the enemy roaming around in Robbs camp.  Even if it would have been that Jeyne was there to spy as people guessed, Robb would have been forced to execute her once he found out for providing intel to his enemies.   This way, you get to see more with Robb, you get to see why he broke his oath and you get to see their love story.  This will make future events hit even harder.   The fact that Robb marries Jeyne has no consequence in the show/books at all.   Talisa gives the audiance something to see in the show from Robb.  The book barely had him in it at all.3. Arya and Tywin gave screen time and insight to two important characters.   Regardless of people thinking Arya some how "too innocent" in the show due to not killing a guard herself,  She ordered the death of two men and was also responsible for the death of those guards.  That alone shows she's capable to taking life.  It shows the path she'd going down.   I'm guessing they will use the "killing" part as a character arc once she gets to Braavos.  They'll likely make her struggle with it.    It's a time limited TV show.  Would you honestly have rather them give screen time to a bunch of random characters like in the book?  And on top of that, a lot of what you get in the book is inner monologue.    Another writing device that doesn't work on screen.4.  I don't disagree that Dany's story is the weakest this season, but I appreciate that they tried.   Martin really didn't do much with her in this book other than in the HoTU, so the writers on the show gave it more build up.   All they did was try to spice up what they were given.   Luckily, her story gets better going forward. Taken for what it is, this is an awesome show.  The best on TV right now, IMO.    It's honestly sad that people that have read the books (well, a lot) can't just watch it for what it is.   This is NOT the book series.  It's an adaptation.  Minor things will change a lot and very important things will change some too from time to time..   It happens.  Stop watching it with a magnifying glass and a copy of the book in hand and you'll enjoy it much, much more.    Otherwise, you might as well stop watching altogether and just re-read the books.   I promise, nothing will have changed in those at all.
807	David Selig	2012-05-21	So Stannis will attack in tow days and Tywin's army is still at Harrenhall and he wants to attack Robb's forces? How would Stannis be defeated at Blackwater? I really hope they won't have Tyrion defeats him only with the meagre forces he has in KL, this would be ridiculous, though given that they are doing their best to whitewahs Tyrion and turn him into a hero with no flaws, it wouldn't surprise me. No word on LF's negotiation with the Tyrells, which sucks, I was hoping we'd see how he arranged the alliance, they showed him in so many pointless scenes this season yet apparently skipped the really important ones.
 Anyway, pretty good episode overall. Bu I am disappointed they didn't show how more of the interaction between Cat and Jaime - the vows, how Jaime was released and got out of the camp, etc. The scene between Robb and Cat should've been longer too, so much potential for drama there was largely wasted.
 I really don't like Arya didn't have to kill anyone to get out of Harrenhal. This is a crucial part of her character deveopment, showing how ruthless and desensitized she has become because of all the violence she's witnessed at such an young age, and also showing how capable she is to deal with problems.
 Stannis hates cats and likes dogs, figures, no wonder he's such a killjoy.
808	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	He doesn't like cats that much. Hate is such a strong word that gets tossed around too easily. I share your worry about Tywin leaving Harrenhal too late... I just can't see how he's still going to make it to King's Landing. The most likely outcome is that the Tyrells will 'save the day' on their own, not something I'm looking forward to. As much as I applaud them going through such lengths in order to not have to skip this battle I fear it'll become the typical tv kind-of battle where the 'larger force' gets beaten through tactics and heroism rather than a stupid trick and overwhelming reinforcements.
809	AsoiafFTW!	2012-05-21	all in all it was a good episode.
love davos/stannis
we now have cool obsidian stuff
need some more jon snow and qhorin (really disapointed with qhorin's hair... a long braid it's like +100 badassery.)
about tywin, he probably owns a car or maybe can do magic like LF and appear out of nowere
					
					
							Edited by AsoiafFTW!, 21 May 2012 - 08:28 AM.
810	Kaitscralt	2012-05-21	It might just be me, but I feel like Roose gives Talisa/Jeyne a knowing look every time he passes her when Robb can't see his face.
811	Gloria	2012-05-21	I thought this was a great episode.  My feeling was it put everything back more or less on track - Qhorin/Jon setup for the Jon/turncloak storyline; Bran/Rickon/Osha in the crypts; Theon/RAMSAY(!!); Jaime/Brienne.  I didn't even mind Ros, but I'm trying to figure out why Cersei thinks she's Tyrion's girl.  The only little thing bothering me now is Talisa, but even then I can see why they did it.  They needed somebody for Robb to interact with as an equal, to be seen to be relaxed with and able to talk to.  This gives Robb a way to be a more well rounded character and sets up the viewers to feel worse about the RW; she needs to be Volantene because if she were Westerosi there could be some kind of favoritism there.  I just wish there were more Grey Wind.  He really should be up Robb's nose more or less.
812	Orys'Fury	2012-05-21	Up until tonight, I really didn't pay attention to anyone theorizing that Dagmer was Ramsay. At all. But, it just seems like they're really endeavoring to prop the character of Dagmer up. He's almost in every scene with Theon. Granted, it's to give Theon someone to talk to, but, that aside. Maybe Roose had known Theon couldn't be trusted, and, as a backup plan, he decided to plant Ramsay on Pyke for Theon's homecoming?Not a fan of Dagmer = Ramsay, but what if Ramsay sent Reek (Dagmer) to follow Robb and Theon south knowing the North would be ripe for the picking and then onto Pyke to convince Theon.  Now all Reek(Dagmer) has to do is open the gates for Ramsay.
813	David Selig	2012-05-21	Oh, and I was quite annoyed that Robb kept saying that the deal with the Freys was only "for a bridge" and ignored the 4000 soldiers he got out of it, every single one of which he desperately needs now. After they made a point at the start of the episode to show how Robb considers himself to be a  really responsible lord caring for his subjects, ignoring this is quite hypocritical. Not marrying the Frey girl would not be just Robb breaking his word, it would mean losing a large part of his army at a time he really could not afford it and Robb knows that.
Robb and Talisa had the potential to be a good plotline, both of the actors are very good, they have decent chemistry together, and Oona Chaplin being gorgeous helps matters a lot, but the writing is just so bad their scenes remain mediocre at the best of times. Was anyone surprised even a little bit by the story of why Talisa became a medic? It's basically the same story we've all seen and read dozens of times. Every dialogue between those two is so predictable and follows the cliches so closely I can guess the next line basically word for word without even trying much.
Some positives - the Theon/Asha scene at the start was really good. Lena Headey's acting has improved by leaps and bounds since last season, her Cersei looks a lot more convincing to me now. Good to see Varys again.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 21 May 2012 - 11:47 AM.
814	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Hm, I never realized the Volantenes had such a Rhoynish streak. Werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they the â<U+0080><U+009C>first child of Old Valyriaâ<U+0080><U+009D> or some such? Shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they be blond Andals? Not all people across the narrow sea have an olive complexion.Or perhaps she isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really from there after all?  Hm.Please pardon me for asking such non-abusive questions in a thread dedicated to such, and coming to you unaccompanied by sack-cloth and ashes or the savage tearing out of  my hair and eyes.  We now therefore return you  to your regularly scheduled hatefest about your personal suffering here at the end of the world and the worst of times.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 08:52 AM.
815	ServantOnIce	2012-05-21	. It's honestly sad that people that have read the books (well, a lot) can't just watch it for what it is. This is NOT the book series. It's an adaptation. Minor things will change a lot and very important things will change some too from time to time.. It happens. Stop watching it with a magnifying glass and a copy of the book in hand and you'll enjoy it much, much more. Otherwise, you might as well stop watching altogether and just re-read the books. I promise, nothing will have changed in those at all.How many folks had this complaint last season?  Not as many as this season I gather . ..They have changed the nature. I don't care about Talisa or Jeyne, I don't care about Ygritte have better teeth than I have in the 21st century, I don't care about Shae, I don't care about Bronn being head of the Gold Cloaks, or Melisandre being skinny and not curvylicious,The reality is that when you have something so essential as the development of a relationship between Jon and the Halfhand, and something as essential as the black rage and utter despair of Robb and Cat after she hears that Bran and Rickon are slaughtered, you start to lose the nature of the story, the nature of the drama.Halfhand's death will seem pointless as Jon is already questioning his vows to the watch thanks to some booty shaking by Ygritte (who looks flawless for a wilding woman),  and it seems like Cat was just a selfish weasel.   Not a mother who had nothing left, a dead husband, 2 dead children, and was all in for her girls . .. it harms the nature of the story.I will admit and will take chastening for my whining earlier this month, you are correct, I need to read ACOK and shut up.  But not this time, this was WRONG, this was GARBAGE, this had me furious because it makes the Starks look like selfish jerks. Right now the Lannisters look more noble and trustworthy than the Starks . . .
816	Lyonel B	2012-05-21	My only criticism of the episode was it was a bit slow, but that is always going to be the case when an episode is heavy with exposition that, for those of us who have read the books, is not necessary.
I'm watching it with someone who has never read a single page of ASOIAF, and they are absolutely loving the show.
817	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	It's a time limited TV show. Would you honestly have rather them give screen time to a bunch of random characters like in the book? And on top of that, a lot of what you get in the book is inner monologue. Another writing device that doesn't work on screen. ... Taken for what it is, this is an awesome show. The best on TV right now, IMO. It's honestly sad that people that have read the books (well, a lot) can't just watch it for what it is. This is NOT the book series. It's an adaptation. Minor things will change a lot and very important things will change some too from time to time.. It happens. Stop watching it with a magnifying glass and a copy of the book in hand and you'll enjoy it much, much more. Otherwise, you might as well stop watching altogether and just re-read the books. I promise, nothing will have changed in those at all.Excellently well put!
818	Puck the Goat	2012-05-21	Oh.. and the Tyrion/Varys stuff was great! I love how Varys gives just enough info about Dany to make himself look like an informant, but discredits her as being so far away and insignificant to the game.
819	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	My only criticism of the episode was it was a bit slow, but that is always going to be the case when an episode is heavy with exposition that, for those of us who have read the books, is not necessary. I'm watching it with someone who has never read a single page of ASOIAF, and they are absolutely loving the show.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s truly remarkable for how many  the experience of having read the books has made watching the show a source for such pathetic misery and abject despair, dead ashes in their mouths instead of the joy that everyone else gets from it.Smells like misplaced self-importance and childish self-entitlement to me. Why people continue to masochistically watch something that gives them so much hatred and anger and revulsion, I will never, ever come to understand. Like the doctor says, if it hurts so fucking much when you do that, donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t fucking do that.  Duh!
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 09:08 AM.
820	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-05-21	Seems like opinions regarding the show have diverged here a bit in the last several weeks.  Allow me to throw in my own two cents.
1.  Robb+Talisa/Jeyne- I was sure she wold turn out to be Jeyne Westerling when she was hesitant to go to the Crag, I'm less certain about that now.  But either way, I disagree with all those who call this romance 'useless.'  Jeyne Westerling was never more than a plot device, to get Robb to break his pact with Walder Frey, and eventually set up the Red Wedding.  Whether she is Jeyne Westerling, or some random Volantene girl, the effect of her and Robb's whirlwind romance/marriage is the same:  Frey is pissed, and Bolton see's a chance to move up in the world.  Their romance isn't the most interesting thing on the show; but I don't disagree with the showrunners on this one.  Robb can't disappear for an entire season- from a storytelling point of view (too long of a hiatus for fans to keep up interest), and from a production point of view (if Madden walks and gets another job, you might not get him back).
2.  Arya at Herrenhal-   I've liked these bits all season.  I once again agree, mostly, with the decisions the producers have made.  Having Harrenhal change hands as often as it did in the books would confuse fans- it confused me a bit my first read through.  Also, without the Bloody Mummers its kind of impossible to work in the whole weasel soup/double-cross.  Lorch was bound for the grave anyways, and Gregor Clegane isn't very well going to betray the Lannisters.  The thing about the weasel soup episode, if I'm not mistaken, was that Arya's plan was just kind of icing on the cake.  Hoat was already going to give Harrenhal to Bolton (of course, speculation abounds as to whether this was all part of Tywin's plans to set the Red Wedding in motion; it might very well have been his first move in that gambit.  IIRC, not long after Bolton takes the castle, Arya overhears the Frey prisoners arguing- over whether or not to get on board the Tywin Train).  With so many characters out, it would have been impossible to really recreate the book's plot there.  But think about it- Jacquen killing multiple guards serves as a 'weasel soup' of sorts (Arya's last name resulting in multiple deaths of unsuspecting guards); and just because she didn't kill anyone on the way out doesn't mean that she can't slit some poor SOB's throat in episode 9, or 10, and whisper "valar morghulis" as he slips to the ground.  I think Maise Williams is a fantastic Arya, and I'm ok with how her story is moving along.
Theon!- I think Theon's story in the north is being executed perfectly.  Others have said, and I agree, that this was the first time I ever really liked Yara in a scene.  She hasn't lived up to the Asha in my mind, but that character only started to become more interesting to me after aCoK anyways.  I actually very much enjoyed her chapters in aDwD; call me crazy, but I rather enjoy the whole Iron Born subplot.  I'm interested in how Leuwin knowing for certain that Bran and Rickon are alive changes things, but it I think its relatively minor.  Indeed, it might turn his unfortunate death into a more noble sacrifice for the little lords.  I think speculation that at least one, if not both, Reeds will show up next season is probably correct.  The meeting can be done in a number of believable ways, and keeps the story moving on the right track (splitting up Bran and Rickon, destinations, etc.).  The fact that Rickon gets so little screen time now is a good thing, in that if he become important several seasons down the line, they can pretty much recast that character as soon as he and Bran are split- unless they plan on showing some of those formerly offscreen adventures.  OTOH, the actress playing Osha is said to be a favorite of the showrunners, so they may be juggling who escorts who where.  Which might result in Leuwin being left alive to take Rickon.
Tyrion- I've liked his bits this season, too.  Its obvious they've streamlined quite a bit (I was mildly disappointed that we don't get as much a sense of Tyrion's personal force of crazy mountain tribespeople; also, not nearly enough Pod, who like Rickon perhaps is being kept anonymous because of a need for future recasting).  But, I think the cuts have been mostly good, and they work.  I'm surprised they cut the chain, as that seems the easiest bit of the Blackwater to leave in- but Tyrion's masterful defense of King's Landing was the result of more than just one idea.  He made several key decisions; as long as enough of them are in the mix, it's his victory.
Jon Snow- Another bit where I've agreed with the changes.  I would have preferred the Fist be in the woods, not on a mountain top, but thats nitpicking, IMO.  I think the stuff at Craster's, and the changes made with Jon+Ygritte+Qhorin appear to be getting us to the same place.  Qhorin has set Jon up to kill him, and go undercover with the Free Folk.  It even creates a nice parallel with Jon's earlier inability to do what needed to be done.
Danny- Her's is the story I've been most underwhelmed by; but I don't think its the showrunner's fault.  Danny does nothing in Qarth in the books, besides asking for aid from every faction in town, and being turned down by each.  The HotU serves as the catalyst to get her on the move.  I fully understand why the changes that were made were necessary.  How much additional time would it have taken to set up and explain:  the pure-born, each of the 3 merchant guilds, Xaro's place as a leader in one of those guilds, the guilds' continuous conflict among themselves, and with the pure-born, and the warlock's and their part in the ongoing petrification of Qarth.  Too much, its all too complicated for what amounts to the B (or even C) plot of the book.  So the fact that Danny's story has been unfamiliar, and not up to the same quality as the rest of the plots, is not surprising.  I'm not worried, though- she still is going to go to the HotU, will still likely burn it down (only she'll mean it this time!), and will still likely have to leave the city quite quickly afterwards.  Enter Arstan Whitebeard, talk about a ship sent by Illyrio, and scene.  She still goes to Astapor next season, and does her thing in Slaver's Bay.  It will be interesting to see if Mereen, where Danny does do quite a bit, will translate better than Qarth.
Wheh, that was long.  Any thoughts?
EDIT:  Oh, I forgot Sansa.  Her story has tracked the book pretty closely.  I will say I'm somewhat surprised/disappointed that Ser Dontos has been basically ignored since she saved him from his Ironic Death.  Her's is another story that I think will pick up steam once she marries Tyrion, and the Tyrells show up.  I suppose that maybe they've delayed the note, and plans to escape, might be due to a desire to make it clear that the entire operation is Littlefinger's.  As far as Sansa's story is concerned, as long as they get one of my favorite lines in, I'll be happy : LF telling Sansa to get the guards after pusing Lysa out the Moon Door- "This singer's just killed my wife."  Delicious.
					
					
							Edited by AegonTheUnlikely, 21 May 2012 - 09:16 AM.
821	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	Jeyne Westerling was never more than a plot device, to get Robb to break his pact with Walder Frey, and eventually set up the Red Wedding. Whether she is Jeyne Westerling, or some random Volantene girl, the effect of her and Robb's whirlwind romance/marriage is the same: Frey is pissed, and Bolton see's a chance to move up in the world.You make a lot of good points, but this is one that other people have made and that I really disagree with.  It makes a huge difference in how people see Robb, and whether she is Jeyne Westerling in the books or Talisa as written in the show or even Talisa who turns out to be Jeyne says very different things about who he is as a person and how we see his decision to marry her.
822	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Danny- Hers is the story I've been most underwhelmed by; but I don't think its the showrunner's fault. Danny does nothing in Qarth in the books, besides asking for aid from every faction in town, and being turned down by each. The House of the Undying serves as the catalyst to get her on the move. I fully understand why the changes that were made were necessary. How much additional time would it have taken to set up and explain: the pure-born, each of the 3 merchant guilds, Xaro's place as a leader in one of those guilds, the guilds' continuous conflict among themselves, and with the pure-born, and the warlock's and their part in the ongoing petrification of Qarth. Too much, its all too complicated for what amounts to the B (or even C) plot of the book. So the fact that Danny's story has been unfamiliar, and not up to the same quality as the rest of the plots, is not surprising. I'm not worried, though- she still is going to go to the House of the Undying, will still likely burn it down (only she'll mean it this time!), and will still likely have to leave the city quite quickly afterwards. Enter Arstan Whitebeard, talk about a ship sent by Illyrio, and scene. She still goes to Astapor next season, and does her thing in Slaver's Bay. It will be interesting to see if Mereen, where Danny does do quite a bit, will translate better than Qarth. Wheh, that was long. Any thoughts?Agree that Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plodding ineffectiveness at her begging in Qarth accurately reflects how she was in the book. She is unwittingly recreating her brotherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sad tale that earned him the name of the Beggar King.The change in Xaro is intriguing; I want to know what they are trying to do with him. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s now black instead of gay, and more importantly, he is now involved in this plot to take her dragons from her and to become â<U+0080><U+009C>King of Quarthâ<U+0080><U+009D>. How come he let all of his own men get killed?  Why take the dragonlings only to give them back?  Seems like a strange way to go about it. The warlocks didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think they could get her to come visit the House of the Undying to have their vampires suck out her lifeblood without the lure of her stolen dragons?  Really? And what is Chekovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Treasure Vault all about, eh?  What is the form that Xaroâ<U+0080><U+0099>s comeuppance will take?  Or are the showwriters intent on following Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lead in which people donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get their comeuppance, because life isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t about justice?
823	King Rickon	2012-05-21	Anyone else want to see a show where Bronn, Tyrion, and Varys drive around the country in a van solving mysteries? Anyone? Because I would pay cash money for that.Yes!  Please, please, please!  And if we could throw in Little Finger and Jaime along the way to further prod them, it would be wonderful.  I call all of the Varys/Littlefinger scenes in Season 1 "dick-offs" as they're both trying to be ever so dickish (but in the politest way) to each other.
824	pleonasm	2012-05-21	1. This was the reveal that Tyrion WAS head over heels! Even Shae seemed surprised. Not everything in a TV show can have an elaborate build up. A lot of people simply expect too much. It's obvious that Tyrion was trying to hide/protect Shae and in this episode, we find out that he's in love with her. 2. So, you'd have rather Robb go off to the Crag and then come back married to some random girl? They couldn't have the duaghter of the enemy roaming around in Robbs camp. Even if it would have been that Jeyne was there to spy as people guessed, Robb would have been forced to execute her once he found out for providing intel to his enemies. This way, you get to see more with Robb, you get to see why he broke his oath and you get to see their love story. This will make future events hit even harder. The fact that Robb marries Jeyne has no consequence in the show/books at all. Talisa gives the audiance something to see in the show from Robb. The book barely had him in it at all. 3. Arya and Tywin gave screen time and insight to two important characters. Regardless of people thinking Arya some how "too innocent" in the show due to not killing a guard herself, She ordered the death of two men and was also responsible for the death of those guards. That alone shows she's capable to taking life. It shows the path she'd going down. I'm guessing they will use the "killing" part as a character arc once she gets to Braavos. They'll likely make her struggle with it. It's a time limited TV show. Would you honestly have rather them give screen time to a bunch of random characters like in the book? And on top of that, a lot of what you get in the book is inner monologue. Another writing device that doesn't work on screen. 4. I don't disagree that Dany's story is the weakest this season, but I appreciate that they tried. Martin really didn't do much with her in this book other than in the HoTU, so the writers on the show gave it more build up. All they did was try to spice up what they were given. Luckily, her story gets better going forward. Taken for what it is, this is an awesome show. The best on TV right now, IMO. It's honestly sad that people that have read the books (well, a lot) can't just watch it for what it is. This is NOT the book series. It's an adaptation. Minor things will change a lot and very important things will change some too from time to time.. It happens. Stop watching it with a magnifying glass and a copy of the book in hand and you'll enjoy it much, much more. Otherwise, you might as well stop watching altogether and just re-read the books. I promise, nothing will have changed in those at all.I think you are missing the criticism. It isn't that change is bad. Its the quality of the changes that's the problem. This is a we will have to be an agree to disagree arguement. This is hardly the best tv show on right now. Yes - It might be the most ambitious, but the quality of writing and plotting is mixed at best. And we all realize its an adaption which will necessitate changes. In fact, when they do it well, I think they deserve tonnes of credit (i.e. Theon's execution of Roderick). When its done poorly or not thought through, they can be called out.Tywin and Arya is annoying, because there is no payoff. Its a great concept, with a some great moments, but its pointless because of the lack of payoff.Shae fails, because the writing never established the importance of the relationship to Tyrion before the scene with Cersei. Or a single scene that redeems Shae as a character. They attempted last week with her coming to the defence of Sansa, but that felt trite to me.Talisa and Robb is boring. That's the problem. It not that they changed anything, but the change itself is boring. Replace Talisa with Jeyne Westerling and retain the same scenes and dialouge and it still would suck.I know good dramatic and comedic writing when I see it and this season has unfortunately lots of bad writing and plotting.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 21 May 2012 - 09:25 AM.
825	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-05-21	You make a lot of good points, but this is one that other people have made and that I really disagree with. It makes a huge difference in how people see Robb, and whether she is Jeyne Westerling in the books or Talisa as written in the show or even Talisa who turns out to be Jeyne says very different things about who he is as a person and how we see his decision to marry her.We'll probably have to agree to disagree on this one.  I found Jeyne more important not for what she was, but what she wasn't.  She wasn't a Frey, and she wasn't a Northerner.  She wasn't the prudent choice.  Its tough to quibble with the direction the producers take with scenes and material that was only ever offscreen.  We never really see how Jeyne and Robb fall for each other, so I was never all that attached to it as a subplot.Agree that Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plodding ineffectiveness at her begging in Qarth accurately reflects how she was in the book. She is unwittingly recreating her brotherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sad tale that earned him the name of the Beggar King. The change in Xaro is intriguing; I want to know what they are trying to do with him. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s now black instead of gay, and more importantly, he is now involved in this plot to take her dragons from her and to become â<U+0080><U+009C>King of Quarthâ<U+0080><U+009D>. How come he let all of his own men get killed?   Why take the dragonlings only to give them back? Seems like a strange way to go about it. The warlocks didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think they could get her to come visit the House of the Undying to have their vampires suck out her lifeblood without the lure of her stolen dragons? Really?  And what is Chekovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Treasure Vault all about, eh? What is the form that Xaroâ<U+0080><U+0099>s comeuppance will take? Or are the showwriters intent on following Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lead in which people donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get their comeuppance, because life isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t about justice?Most of that is just to take up time.  They have to find some way for "Danny does nothing in Qarth; leaves," to fill space, and bridge the gap to a much cooler third and fourth season.  Xaro is black because they liked the actor, and in any event it's only of minor importance.  The racial composition of the city in the books may play some small role; but where Qarth has been simplified politically, it doesn't really matter.  It also give them the option of perhaps cutting out a Slaver's Bay City (Yunkai?), and having Xaro/Qarth fill that role come Mereen.  It gives Danny a nice, memorable antagonist out there, which may be useful.
826	rmholt	2012-05-21	Is there really this huge clamor to know more about Volantis? It seems weird to infodump something that will not become even remotely relevant until they hit ADWD, if then. Why not make her from Astapor, Yunkai, or Mereen? Or Bravoos? It just seems odd. It's hard for me to see why including info about Volantis is a big positive.Res ipsa loquitor.  The fact that the writers put in the volantis soliloquy means they thought it was important.  not having been in the writers room, whether there was a clamor or not, I cant answer
827	Versiroth	2012-05-21	How many folks had this complaint last season? Not as many as this season I gather . .. They have changed the nature. I don't care about Talisa or Jeyne, I don't care about Ygritte have better teeth than I have in the 21st century, I don't care about Shae, I don't care about Bronn being head of the Gold Cloaks, or Melisandre being skinny and not curvylicious, The reality is that when you have something so essential as the development of a relationship between Jon and the Halfhand, and something as essential as the black rage and utter despair of Robb and Cat after she hears that Bran and Rickon are slaughtered, you start to lose the nature of the story, the nature of the drama. Halfhand's death will seem pointless as Jon is already questioning his vows to the watch thanks to some booty shaking by Ygritte (who looks flawless for a wilding woman), and it seems like Cat was just a selfish weasel. Not a mother who had nothing left, a dead husband, 2 dead children, and was all in for her girls . .. it harms the nature of the story. I will admit and will take chastening for my whining earlier this month, you are correct, I need to read ACOK and shut up. But not this time, this was WRONG, this was GARBAGE, this had me furious because it makes the Starks look like selfish jerks. Right now the Lannisters look more noble and trustworthy than the Starks . . .Robb and Catelyn... DRAMA!  Robb locking up his own mom = Drama.  Robb releasing her when he finds out that his brothers are dead = drama.   Robb instantly forgiving Catelyn never made sense in the books anyway.  This way, he did the right thing by imprisoning her and the news of the deaths will give him reason to release her.   And it was made obviously clear that Karstark was planning on killing Jaime.  So, her releasing him in an attempt to free her daughters was obvious.   Learning of her sons deaths doesn't change that she saw this as her lone opportunity to free her daughters.    Not once has Jon shown to be questioning his vows.   He couldn't kill Ygritte in the books and he couldn't in the show.   Heck, in the books, he actually lets her go... which shows him staying more tru to his vows that in the book even.   The Halfhands death will be the same.  He will order Jon to kill him and then play the role of spy.   They're already setting that up.  The only difference is that Jon got more time with Ygritte, a character that will play a big part next season over Quorin, who dies soon anyway.Some times, written word just doesn't translate.   You can't read a book and then expect inner monologue, pointless travel scenes, scenes about how much food the characters have left, etc will make the cut into a time limited series.   They simply do not have the time.
828	rmholt	2012-05-21	OK... they could have handled Dany's bit in 5 to 10 minutes. House of Undying... grab those babies... burn the place down. Then we could have her meet up with her new friends at the docks in episode 10. Instead we had the goofy scene with Robb. I am glad that the boys are in the crypt. That helps. So long as when they come out, the Reeds are waiting for them.I tend to agree with whoever posted that Maester Luwin is going to be going with Bran, Osha with Rickon.  Bran may have to take on the greendreaming duties.  Did he not have the dream about the sea drowning Winterfell earlier in the TV series?
829	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	1. This was the reveal that Tyrion WAS head over heels! Even Shae seemed surprised. Not everything in a TV show can have an elaborate build up. A lot of people simply expect too much. It's obvious that Tyrion was trying to hide/protect Shae and in this episode, we find out that he's in love with her. 2. So, you'd have rather Robb go off to the Crag and then come back married to some random girl? They couldn't have the duaghter of the enemy roaming around in Robbs camp. Even if it would have been that Jeyne was there to spy as people guessed, Robb would have been forced to execute her once he found out for providing intel to his enemies. This way, you get to see more with Robb, you get to see why he broke his oath and you get to see their love story. This will make future events hit even harder. The fact that Robb marries Jeyne has no consequence in the show/books at all. Talisa gives the audiance something to see in the show from Robb. The book barely had him in it at all. 3. Arya and Tywin gave screen time and insight to two important characters. Regardless of people thinking Arya some how "too innocent" in the show due to not killing a guard herself, She ordered the death of two men and was also responsible for the death of those guards. That alone shows she's capable to taking life. It shows the path she'd going down. I'm guessing they will use the "killing" part as a character arc once she gets to Braavos. They'll likely make her struggle with it. It's a time limited TV show. Would you honestly have rather them give screen time to a bunch of random characters like in the book? And on top of that, a lot of what you get in the book is inner monologue. Another writing device that doesn't work on screen. 4. I don't disagree that Dany's story is the weakest this season, but I appreciate that they tried. Martin really didn't do much with her in this book other than in the HoTU, so the writers on the show gave it more build up. All they did was try to spice up what they were given. Luckily, her story gets better going forward. Taken for what it is, this is an awesome show. The best on TV right now, IMO. It's honestly sad that people that have read the books (well, a lot) can't just watch it for what it is. This is NOT the book series. It's an adaptation. Minor things will change a lot and very important things will change some too from time to time.. It happens. Stop watching it with a magnifying glass and a copy of the book in hand and you'll enjoy it much, much more. Otherwise, you might as well stop watching altogether and just re-read the books. I promise, nothing will have changed in those at all. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Pretty much identical to my thoughts. I wish people would stop playing spot the difference and enjoy the show, because it's fantastic television. The phrase 'bad writing' or 'lazy writing' is thrown about so much on these threads but 99% unjustified to say that, because some people can't handle minor changes and go apeshit at the 'evil writers' for 'butchering' the show just because they're translating it into another medium.  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
830	rmholt	2012-05-21	Most important part of the episode for me: Dragonglass ! Great moment ! Otherwise, it was a pure episode of transition.This would be true if I could figure out why they were digging up the snow to begin with.  Seemed like a Monty Python moment.
831	Versiroth	2012-05-21	I think you are missing the criticism. It isn't that change is bad. Its the quality of the changes that's the problem. This is a we will have to be an agree to disagree arguement. This is hardly the best tv show on right now. Yes - It might be the most ambitious, but the quality of writing and plotting is mixed at best. And we all realize its an adaption which will necessitate changes. In fact, when they do it well, I think they deserve tonnes of credit (i.e. Theon's execution of Roderick). When its done poorly or not thought through, they can be called out. Tywin and Arya is annoying, because there is no payoff. Its a great concept, with a some great moments, but its pointless because of the lack of payoff. Shae fails, because the writing never established the importance of the relationship to Tyrion before the scene with Cersei. Or a single scene that redeems Shae as a character. They attempted last week with her coming to the defence of Sansa, but that felt trite to me. Talisa and Robb is boring. That's the problem. It not that they changed anything, but the change itself is boring. Replace Talisa with Jeyne Westerling and retain the same scenes and dialouge and it still would suck. I know good dramatic and comedic writing when I see it and this season has unfortunately lots of bad writing and plotting.Yeah, we will agree to disagree then because I disagree with you completely.
832	Istari	2012-05-21	No I think he was talking about the Mountain. He left Gregor in charge and he told Arya to try to keep him sober. Basically Tywin gave her a death sentence! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Speaking of the Mountain....let's talk about the MOST IMPORTANT question of the show! Who are the three men that Jaime think might be able to best him!?!?! I'd say the Mountain and the Hound for sure. Who is the third? In the books he does think about the men who are stronger than him: The Cleganes, Robert, the Greatjon, and Strongboar. I hope Jaime brings back this topic again so he can give the audience a mention to who I think the third is: The Red Viper. Would be a good setup to next season. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Hound, Mountain, Barristan the Bold
833	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	This would be true if I could figure out why they were digging up the snow to begin with. Seemed like a Monty Python moment.Latrine trench, it was part of the dialogue.
834	Versiroth	2012-05-21	This would be true if I could figure out why they were digging up the snow to begin with. Seemed like a Monty Python moment.They said in the show that they were digging a latrine.
835	rmholt	2012-05-21	More thoughts:
All the deviations from the book that I didnt care for were TOTALLY redeemed by Rattle shirt's helmet and armor.
People seem to have problems with what appears to be the fact that the Dagmar character carries some of the Ramsey/Reek load and there is another actor in the wings which Roose has sent to Winterfell who will come off the bench, kill Dagmer, and take over the Ramsey/Reek duties.
I console myself over the weasel soup scene by realizing that they probably wouldnt have met my expectations.
I would love to see Arya kill her pursuers after escaping Harrenhal in the form of Nymeria.  That was a killer scene in the book.  Not holding my breath!
It is stated in the book that giving Dragonstone to Stannis was MEANT as a slight - I think by Cersei.
I wish they had shown more clearly that Cersei was the loser in the Ros/Alayaya scene - by guessing the wrong whore - and giving Tyrion (or so he thought) justification for taking revenge.  In this scene she looks like the winner.  OTOH they do show the pathos of Tyrion fooling himself into falling in love with Shae which has been glaringly missing.
Here;s a broader question - why do the rangers wear black beyond the wall, talk about terrible camo.
All the best
Marie
							Edited by rmholt, 21 May 2012 - 09:51 AM.
836	rmholt	2012-05-21	Latrine trench, it was part of the dialogue.ah!  Thank you.  They hadnt dug up any dirt yet.  I miss a lot of th dialog and may have to get out of the chair and enable CC
837	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	ah! Thank you. They hadnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t dug up any dirt yet.Rather hard to dig through permafrost.
838	rmholt	2012-05-21	About House of the Undying:  I am pretty sure it wont live up to my expectations without mushrooms or something.
839	rmholt	2012-05-21	Rather hard to dig through permafrost.The Weeper managed, though it was a lot of work, and I suppose with the snow it wouldnt be necessary.  Anyway, who says it is permafrost?  they have crops and livestock out there.
840	Khal Yolo	2012-05-21	I'm glad they shored up Bran's plot line to match the book more. Who knows, maybe we will still meet the Reed siblings.  Will we catch a glimpse of the strange dragon-creature that Summer sees?
I am crossing my fingers for a proper HotU scene, that was my favorite chapter of the entire series. 
I wouldn't worry about Arya, the last episode is called "Valar Morghulis"
841	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a show spoiler from Jaqen himself. It answers at least one particular question that lingers in peopleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s minds.
842	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	The Weeper managed, though it was a lot of work, and I suppose with the snow it wouldnt be necessary. Anyway, who says it is permafrost? they have crops and livestock out there.Not permafrost by Castle Black.  But yes permafrost in the Frostfangs, whither theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve relocated the First of the Fist Men.
843	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	I'm glad they shored up Bran's plot line to match the book more. Who knows, maybe we will still meet the Reed siblings. Will we catch a glimpse of the strange dragon-creature that Summer sees? I am crossing my fingers for a proper House of the Undying scene, that was my favorite chapter of the entire series. I wouldn't worry about Arya, the last episode is called "Valar Morghulis"I wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t bet on seeing any fantastical visions.
844	Alboin	2012-05-21	I'm having zero problems with Jeyne Westerling/Talisa switch. We hardly ever met Jeyne in the books and even when we did it was sort of abrupt - yesterday, Robb was warring at Westerlands and all of a sudden - bam! - he's married. Such thing would never work in film, they had to establish something for the girl to make this turn believable. I'm pretty sure we'll find out why they made her Talisa from Volantis and not Jeyne Westerling from Crag, they will never leave it without explanation, it's just ahead of us.
On the other hand in the books this affair happens AFTER and BECAUSE of the news Robb hears about his brothers, Jeyne comforts him. That was a way more better explanation to abandon his debt to Freys, then some random story about Volantis kids. Producers could easily recreate same reasoning with current Talisa.
					
					
							Edited by Alboin, 21 May 2012 - 10:27 AM.
845	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	About House of the Undying:  I am pretty sure it wont live up to my expectations without mushrooms or something.It is a trippy place, isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it? You might want to check into a nip of shade of the evening before you watch it; it certainly helped Dany. ; }The actress playing Dany said that fans wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be disappointed.  Of course sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s utterly wrong in that, because we know that is completely impossible with this crowd.But it gives some small measure of hope.
846	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	It might just be me, but I feel like Roose gives Talisa/Jeyne a knowing look every time he passes her when Robb can't see his face.It's clear that she bothers him and he sees what's coming and perhaps might already be thinking ahead like the crafty bastard he is. Foreshadowing at its best. Nicely done.I didn't even mind Ros, but I'm trying to figure out why Cersei thinks she's Tyrion's girl.Because of the necklace he gave her in episode 1. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s truly remarkable for how many  the experience of having read the books has made watching the show a source for such pathetic misery and abject despair, dead ashes in their mouths instead of the joy that everyone else gets from it.(... and yadda yadda yadda)Trust me, you've seen nothing. You should have seen the Sword Of Truth forum when the show aired - it was enormous. I think people on this board are very civilized in voicing the gripes they have with the show and should have the right to voice these without being shot down as 'bloody purists'.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 10:14 AM.
847	Lord Over	2012-05-21	It's official, Ros is the Kilroy of Westeros. I'm debating whether or not I should start a thread about how instrumental Ros was to every mystery in the story. I resented the character, I struggled against her...but like a stockholm syndrom victim, I embraced her and began to love it.
Who hid the Dragonglass in the Fist of Men? Ros, of course.
Also, three guesses as to who is under Qualithe's mask.
(Also, an excellent episode mostly because it had interactions between my favorite banter couples...Tyrion/Bronn, Davos/Stannis, Jaime/Brienne. I had to go lie down after all that)
848	Versiroth	2012-05-21	I'm having zero problems with Jeyne Westerling/Talisa switch. We hardly ever met Jeyne in the books and even when we did it was sort of abrupt - yesterday, Robb was warring at Westerlands and all of a sudden - bam! - he's married. Such thing would never work in film, they had to establish something for the girl to make this turn believable. I'm pretty sure we'll find out why they made her Talisa from Volantis and not Jeyne Westerling from Crag, they will never leave it without explanation, it's just ahead of us. On the other hand in the books this affair happens AFTER and BECAUSE of the news Robb hears about his brothers, Jeyne comforts him. That was a way more better explanation to abandon his debt to Freys, then some random story about Volantis kids. Producers could easily recrerate same reasoning with current Talisa.I think they switched her just so they could have her within his camp.  That way, they could have multiple scenes building their relationship up.
849	Lord Balbi	2012-05-21	Loved the episode. Best one so far /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I was thinking about the writers decision to hide Bran's and Rickon's "deaths" from Robb and Cathelyn. I know this is quite controversial but it makes sense for me from a tv show point of view. I know a lot of people thinks this change affected their motivations as characters but:1. How would we believe Robb could be romantically involved with someone right after finding out both their brothers are dead? If you have pages and pages of inner dialoge or if you just don't have to show it it's easier but I agree with the people saying we need to see Robb's falling in love. I just can't imagine any believable "love" scene after that. And (in my patetic opinion) I guess thats the main reason they changed it.2. But I guess this also works for Cathelyn. I agree that makes a lot of sense to free Jaime as a desperate act after finding out two of your sons are dead but works as well to know they are captive and the Kingslayer isn't going to survive the night. Then, what was going to happen with their daughers? It seems good enough for me.Can't wait for Blackwater!Edit: grammar
					
					
							Edited by Lord Balbi, 21 May 2012 - 10:22 AM.
850	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Trust me, you've seen nothing. You should have seen the Sword Of Truth forum when the show aired - it was enormous. I think people on this board are very civilized in voicing the gripes they have with the show and should have the right to voice these without being shot down as 'bloody purists'.You do realize that telling the Heavenly vacationer that he supposed to enjoy his rotten sojourn in Purgatory because â<U+0080><U+009C>hey look, it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Hellâ<U+0080><U+009D>, is no real encouragement, donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t you?
851	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Yes, that's why the first part is more like a joke (it *was* funny), and the second is what I'm really thinking. I don't think people are as negative as you're making it out to be.
@ Versiroth: Yes, I believe what Alboin is saying is that he doesn't mind that at all, but that he does mind the decision of Robb to bang her of his own accord (rather than Jeyne wanting to 'comfort' him) before even 'finding out' Bran and Rickon are dead (like most of us do). It just destroys a lot of sympathy you could have possibly had for the Starks that they take the decisions that lead to their doom without the emotional devastation that news caused them. It also destroys the possibility it was a Westerling plot all along (I always felt that way, what with Jeyne not getting pregnant and the Wolf not trusting them).
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 10:22 AM.
852	ViennaGirl	2012-05-21	"Robb and Talisa or whoever - meh. I don't see what we gain from this." Man I really really really don't understand people who are saying this. What we gain from this is a path to what could be one of the most amazing scenes on TV ever. Rob just can't show up and be married without us seeing how it happens. It has to be passionate as breaking his vow is a very, very big deal. So what we're seeing with Rob and Talisa/Jeyne and Cat releasing Jamie is set up for the Red Wedding. This stuff is ESSENTIAL for people who haven't read the books.I'm good with him falling in love, and I'm good with the actress, I just don't see why they had to change her from Jeyne Westerling to Talisa-the-Free-Cities-Doctor chick. I don't see what we gain from THAT. I agree he needs to fall in love with whatever girl he breaks his Frey promise for.
853	rmholt	2012-05-21	Not permafrost by Castle Black. But yes permafrost in the Frostfangs, whither theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve relocated the First of the Fist Men.The Fist is not in the Frostfangs.
854	rmholt	2012-05-21	I'm good with him falling in love, and I'm good with the actress, I just don't see why they had to change her from Jeyne Westerling to Talisa-the-Free-Cities-Doctor chick. I don't see what we gain from THAT. I agree he needs to fall in love with whatever girl he breaks his Frey promise for.She's the SLAVE cities chick - that's why
855	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	@ Vienna: They changed her because it would make no sense for an enemy lady to be roaming around the camp (Bad Things Might Happen to her) and Robb needed some dialogue with her leading up to breaking her vows. The real problem is that Robb comes off as a big idiot seeking her out himself.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 10:27 AM.
856	rmholt	2012-05-21	It's official, Ros is the Kilroy of Westeros. I'm debating whether or not I should start a thread about how instrumental Ros was to every mystery in the story. I resented the character, I struggled against her...but like a stockholm syndrom victim, I embraced her and began to love it. Who hid the Dragonglass in the Fist of Men? Ros, of course. Also, three guesses as to who is under Qualithe's mask. (Also, an excellent episode mostly because it had interactions between my favorite banter couples...Tyrion/Bronn, Davos/Stannis, Jaime/Brienne. I had to go lie down after all that)I was rather startled that they didnt find Ros under that First Men manhole.BTW we are up to at least two memes from Lost with that manhole cover.
857	rmholt	2012-05-21	Not permafrost by Castle Black. But yes permafrost in the Frostfangs, whither theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve relocated the First of the Fist Men.If you mention rims of frost I am going to plotz
858	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	The Fist is not in the Frostfangs.Right.  Ainâ<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to be.  Is now.  Notice the complete and utter lack of trees. Gotta roll with the new reality.
859	ViennaGirl	2012-05-21	Up until tonight, I really didn't pay attention to anyone theorizing that Dagmer was Ramsay. At all. But, it just seems like they're really endeavoring to prop the character of Dagmer up. He's almost in every scene with Theon. Granted, it's to give Theon someone to talk to, but, that aside. Maybe Roose had known Theon couldn't be trusted, and, as a backup plan, he decided to plant Ramsay on Pyke for Theon's homecoming?This, exactly. I'm 90% convinced Dagmer=Ramsay.
860	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	And in that short time the Bastard of Bolton would become the first mate of the Sea Bitch? There's so many holes in this theory. Dagmer = Dagmer, he's simply taken the role of devil on the shoulder of Theon and taken over some of Ramsay's role, but that doesn't mean he *is* him. He's simply filling up the role. Roose says to Robb when Dagmer is already with Theon his 'Bastard at the Dreadfort' could take Winterfell back. Probably Ramsay will only show up right in the end and pretend to be a hero just before putting the torch to Winterfell. Him killing another force that's laying siege (which was mentioned in this episode) is also still a possibility, why else mention Robb has sent men to reclaim Winterfell? Dagmer will likely die when Winterfell is taken despite still being alive in the books.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 10:40 AM.
861	Lord Over	2012-05-21	I was rather startled that they didnt find Ros under that First Men manhole. BTW we are up to at least two memes from Lost with that manhole cover.Oooooh~ I did not catch that /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> Now we just need polar bears for the holy trifecta of Others and a Hatch
					
					
							Edited by Lord Over, 21 May 2012 - 10:37 AM.
862	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	The final tally:Acting: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookCamera work: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookMusical score: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookSpecial visual effects: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookFoley work: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookADR work: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookSet design: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookCostume design: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookMakeup work: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookEnsemble work: 0 out of 10, nothing like the Good BookFinal score?  A big whoppinâ<U+0080><U+0099> 0 out of 100: nothing like the â<U+0080><U+0094> genuflect when you say that you infidel â<U+0080><U+0094> Good Book! What a waste of time and money!  I should have just gone to school today instead of sitting home and bitching.  My three-year-old sister coulda shoulda woulda done better.
863	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Yes. All of this. I think Maisie could probably have chemistry with a chair. She's so brilliant!!The Lord of Bones! That was cool, though he needs to clatter more /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />LOL /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
864	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-21	another filler episode with a few redeeming moments such as: jaime & brienne, and rattleshirt
865	Puck the Goat	2012-05-21	This would be true if I could figure out why they were digging up the snow to begin with. Seemed like a Monty Python moment.They were digging a latrine.
866	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	They were digging a latrine.The Pythons dug no latrines? That musta made for a pretty shitty show then, eh?  ; }
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 10:45 AM.
867	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	So only ocean-faring pirates have horses.  Kyool!
868	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Although I did find it weird Robb imprisoned Catelyn, whereas in ASoS, he knew she did it for the best. I guess since the Tullys aren't in this season, we'll have to save face with that one. And I was also expecting the mention of the chain, especially near the end where they were looking across the bay, I just thought Tyrion would mention it. But hey, Blackwater's gonna be a beast nonetheless! Although it would have been a beautiful scene if episode 10 ended with Bran, Rickon, and co. being revealed for the first time since their "deaths", with the camera following their shadowed backs out of the crypts and out into the ruined Winterfell. Would have been a great ending and shocker for the audience.Iirc, Robb did place Cat under house arrest at Riverrun in the books; I don't think he's actually having her penned up in the show.Re: the chain, I think it'll be sprung on us like it will be on Stannis and Davos.  They're saving it up.And I completely agree about seeing the kids escape the crypts at the end of the season.  Would've been stellar.I wonder if they're trying to make the Jeyne thing some big shocking reveal for the last episode, like, whoa, this girl King Robb has fallen in love with is actually the daughter of a family that is on the other side, what will he do now? For me, that sacrifices characterization for a sort of lame surprise, but I can see where they might have thought it would be cool in the writer's room. It just doesn't seem to be working on screen.Agreed.In the preview for next week, does anyone else think it looked like Stannis was leading the charge off the rowboats, into the defenders of Kings Landing? Don't get me wrong, I am glad the are showing something that makes Stannis look like a badass, but Stannis isn't really that type of badass. He is definitely the more cautious Commander, and if he leads the charge, they are going to have to make him look even more badass IMO. He would have to be super badass, in order to survive to fight another day, after having led the charge right into a trap, and then being flanked by the Tywin/Tyrell army. So if my eyes did not decieve me, and if that preview was not just crafty editing to make it look like Stannis leads the charge, then I am very curious/excited to see Stannis fighting hand to hand the whole battle, and how he will survive it.Damn straight.I feel almost redeemed with this train wreck of an episode. Every major issue I've had with this season's writing was pretty much proven correct. 1. The miscast and terrible writing of Shae. Who bought for a second that Tyrion had fallen head over heels for her? There hasn't been a single scene this season that would suggest that his feelings are anything more than sexual, and now he is near tears? Uggh... 2. Talisa - Stupid unnecessary rewrite of a minor character which required a long lenghty and boring backstory this week, that adds really nothing to the Robb/Jeyne Westerling union. I wasn't against modifying the original story given the aging up of Robb's character, but this was as awful as expected. It isn't the actors, both are more than competent to deliver the goods, but I wasn't feeling anything with these two. Even the clumsy attempt of humour during the stripping down scene, as least I think was an attempt, came off as terrible. 3. Arya and Tywin - Yes - They have chemistry in spades, but other than Cersei and Tyrion, what two characters had more screen time together this season? And what was the point in the end? Nothing. Yes - We got some lessons in great acting from Charles Dance and Maise, but to have no real significant point for the characters suggests what a poorly thought out idea. Why not at least play up the drama and have Tywin get a letter from Tyrion indicating they have lost Arya and Tywin suddenly clueing in on who this high born girl is? At least it would add some drama to the events at Harrenhal. Or as I like to call it "Arya's Haunted Castle Vacation" 4. Qarth. Despite all the rewrites and changes, it remains the weak storyline that it was in Clash of Kings. It feels like its taking her a month to get from the kidnapping of the dragons to actually visiting the House of the Undying. That said, I did like Stannis and Davros, and Tyrion with everyone (excluding Shae).Great post..."Arya's Haunted Castle Vacation" /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />He is truly the prince that was promised.DYING!!!!  LOVE IT.
869	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Roose disgusts Talisa because Robb's fucking up really bad because of her.  Couple that with Catelyn's meddling and Roose knows they're screwed.  I"m sure Roose is already plotting to take over the north on the show even
870	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Rumour has it that Sean Bean and Jason Momoa were on set for filming the second series. David and Dan said that weâ<U+0080><U+0099>d see Ned in flashback-like scenes later on, although we havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t yet. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine that will be in â<U+0080><U+009C>Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D>, which leaves only â<U+0080><U+009C>Valar Morghulisâ<U+0080><U+009D> for them to show up.The actress playing Dany said fans wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be disappointed by her â<U+0080><U+009C>big sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D> this season.  Sounds like we may get more than we bargained for in the final episode.Prediction: Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll see something of Ned in Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shade-of-the-evening visions in the Houses of the Holy Undying. I wonder whether theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll use that to tell her she has a rival for the Iron Throne in some undisclosed nephew borne of Rhaegar, instead of showing Rhaegar and Elia and Aegonito.  Might see some Tower of Joy scene. Might see Aerys cooking Papa Stark inspiring daughter Danny-Aerys to do some improvisational cooking on her own.
871	Thunder	2012-05-21	Lol. What I really think it boils down to is the creators not having enough time to bring the story to life.
872	Versiroth	2012-05-21	@ Vienna: They changed her because it would make no sense for an enemy lady to be roaming around the camp (Bad Things Might Happen to her) and Robb needed some dialogue with her leading up to breaking her vows. The real problem is that Robb comes off as a big idiot seeking her out himself.Love makes idiots of us all. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
873	victim	2012-05-21	Cutting off faces? Shae is clearly Ramsay -- it all makes sense now.
I don't understand people who complain that Jon's storyline makes him seem incompetent. He got captured by his enemy, which at this point has also happened to fan-favourites Tyrion, Jaime and Eddard. People are complaining because it deviates from the book but that's it. I love Ygritte in the show more than I liked her in the books, and I really liked her in the books; the more of her the better the show is. Where's Ghost at though? I'm not sold that he won't show up at the last second to free Jon so he and Qhorin can do a last stand like in the books but with their little scuffle I seriously doubt it.
874	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	How many crows were killed in the making of this production? ; }
875	jarl the climber	2012-05-21	I think I'm in a very small minority of people who don't have a problem with the Jeyne?/Robb romance if it is put into the proper context, that she is one of the few bright spots in his dreary and bloodstained existance. I'm not exactly sure where they are going with things put I think Jeyne will become less wooden as the series progresses. By Jeyne I mean Talisha of course.
876	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	I love the chiaroscuro use of natural lighting, but people without super high-quality/contrast TV sets who view this in a completely dark room are going to have a really tough time with it. And they wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why they canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see anything.
877	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	I'm thinking that Talisa is going to turn out to be the daughter of Gerion Lannister, Tywin's youngest brother who was last seen in Volantis before he sailed off into Smoking Sea looking for Brightroar amid the ruins of Valyria. As to whether or not she'll turn out to be working or spying for Twywin... no idea.Intriguing...I always felt the Ironborn were morons here. Yeah, your strength lies in the sea. You still went to war against the North and you aren't going to conquer it or be ready when Robb goes North by harrying a few villages and staying at sea. Either don't go to war or do it properly. Theon's chances weren't fantastic, but at least he committed to the hopeless war they started. Balon and Asha had learned absolutely nothing from Theon's brothers deaths and would've steered towards the same old end if not for Euron. But here Yara when they were alone went for different angle. A Ironbron dies at sea. She wants her brother to be an ironborn win or lose. Theon doesn't get this, he doesn't see how being Prince of Winterfell and Ironborn are two different things. Which is what his character arc is all about.Brilliant.I like Jorah's being all "off course i remember you stepping out of flames unburnt. You were supernaked. I think about that moment every second of every day." /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Not a bad episode. I could have cheerfully done without seeing more Robb/Talisa scenes; but at least Roz didn't talk too much while standing in for Alayaya from the books. Cersei was in better form in this episode - perhaps she just had to have somebody whipped to restore the confidence that was lagging in the last episode? It's not easy being queen... Finally, a moment or two when I liked Asha-Yara. It started when she had her feet up on the Winterfell table; a pose that seemed very Asha-ish. Nice scene between her and Theon. Poor Theon is still trying to be both Stark - wanting to compensate the miller for murdering his foster-sons - and Ironborn by claiming credit for killing Bran and Rickon. Alfie Allen is extremely believable as Theon.  Tyrion is very much in love with Shae; and it seems fairly obvious to the viewer that she thinks he's cute, or gullible, but she certainly is nowhere near reciprocating his deep feelings for her.Good points all....totally with you on Cersei...amusingly put...Re: Shae, I always read her as a total golddigger...ironically the very thing Tyrion thought Tysha was...thought it was great writing for GRRM to juxtapose those two in that way and mess with Tyrion's head and heart.The Jamie/Brienne Road Trip sets off in fine style! More of these two, less of Talisa and Robb, and I'd be a happy watcher!  The Dany/Jorah scene had a lovely view of the Mighty Cheekbones and Azure Eyes of Iain Glen, but not much else.Here, here!!I'm sorry but that's one of the main problems I have with this episode, because honestly it makes Tywin look like a fool. All those past episodes I though he knew who she was and just kept her around that way for his own specific reasons that were supposed to revealed later, and I was thrilled to see where this was going. Yet now? Tywin realizes she's a highborn northern girl, yet make no move whatsoever to find out who she is? How many northern girls are running around in a war, I ask you? How come she was able to be captured when the Lannisters haven't even breached northern territory? How come that nobody told Tywin that Amory Lorch chased Arya five minutes before he got murdered? The show also lets Tywin assume he was the target of the murder where the way the killing happened clearly suggests he isn't (Lorch drops dead into his room with the dart already in his neck) Tywin just appears to be big idiot instead of smart strategist. Way to ruin a role, imo. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Osha being seen in broad daylight, and Luwin talking to her? Yet more watering down of the great writing in the books to provide TV-esque plottery for the general public. I should have put money on Ros being the Whore That Fulfils All Plot Points That Require A Whore.Yeah, that Osha thing was a wtf moment for me, too.Knew that Ros thing was coming...love the way you put it, though.I think you are missing the criticism. It isn't that change is bad. Its the quality of the changes that's the problem. This is a we will have to be an agree to disagree arguement. And we all realize its an adaption which will necessitate changes. In fact, when they do it well, I think they deserve tonnes of credit (i.e. Theon's execution of Roderick). When its done poorly or not thought through, they can be called out. Tywin and Arya is annoying, because there is no payoff. Its a great concept, with a some great moments, but its pointless because of the lack of payoff. Shae fails, because the writing never established the importance of the relationship to Tyrion before the scene with Cersei. Or a single scene that redeems Shae as a character. They attempted last week with her coming to the defence of Sansa, but that felt trite to me. Talisa and Robb is boring. I know good dramatic and comedic writing when I see it and this season has unfortunately lots of bad writing and plotting. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
878	baxter	2012-05-21	"The actress playing Dany said fans wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be disappointed by her â<U+0080><U+009C>big sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D> this season. Sounds like we may get more than we bargained for in the final episode."I've been thinking all along that the reason the Qarth scenes have been so, shall we say, cheap and without much substance is because they baked in all their budget for the final HofU scenes, which were very detailed in the books.  Plus you know they have to be budgeting for that dragon CGI.  Same goes for the battle at KL.  Honestly, my only beef has been that they haven't had Tyrion working on the chain subtly.  If they just drop it in all of a sudden like an ah ha moment, its going to blow.
879	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	If you mention rims of frost I am going to plotzÂ<U+00BF>CA3mo? You no speaka me linguage, hombre!
880	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	It's clear that she bothers him and he sees what's coming and perhaps might already be thinking ahead like the crafty bastard he is. Foreshadowing at its best. Nicely done. Because of the necklace he gave her in episode 1. Trust me, you've seen nothing. You should have seen the Sword Of Truth forum when the show aired - it was enormous. I think people on this board are very civilized in voicing the gripes they have with the show and should have the right to voice these without being shot down as 'bloody purists'. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
881	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	It's official, Ros is the Kilroy of Westeros. I'm debating whether or not I should start a thread about how instrumental Ros was to every mystery in the story. I resented the character, I struggled against her...but like a stockholm syndrom victim, I embraced her and began to love it.Who hid the Dragonglass in the Fist of Men? Ros, of course.Also, three guesses as to who is under Qualithe's mask.(Also, an excellent episode mostly because it had interactions between my favorite banter couples...Tyrion/Bronn, Davos/Stannis, Jaime/Brienne. I had to go lie down after all that)Fucking brilliant.
882	Ghost714	2012-05-21	Why do people keep thinking Dagmer is Ramsey? Why would Ramsey just be chillin on the Iron Islands, hoping Theon would turn his cloak? How could Roose know Theon would be a turncloak?
 If this guy was not a true "Iron Islander", then how does he know enough to school Theon on their ways and customs, and wouldn't Theon's crew notice if this guy was not Ironborn? If Dagmer is Ramsey, how would he sack Winterfell  and take Theon captive? In the book, "Reek" said he knew some Dreadfort men he could find to come help them. In the show, what do you think "Dagmer" will do? I can't see him saying "my prince give me some bags of silver, I know I am "Ironborn", but unexplainably, I have hundreds of friends in the neighborhood that will come to your aid". Just to name a few holes in this crackpot theory...
The biggest one though IMO, is the fact that Dagmer is in his 40's, and he looks it!!! Roose in the book, is in his mid to late 40's, Roose in the show looks about the same. However, for the sake of argument, let's just say Roose is 50, considering everybody was aged up a little bit for the show. Do you people think Roose had Ramsey when he was seven?!? 
I know that Dagmer has been playing the role of Reek/Ramsey, every since Theon and his crew got to Winterfell, but that does not mean Dagmer is Ramsey.
The show gave some of the role of the Reeds to Osha, but that does not mean Osha is Meera Reed. 
Obviously Dagmer could be Ramsey, the show can do that if they ultimately wanted to, I am just saying if that's the case, it makes no sense at all, and I hope the show writers aren't that dumb.
883	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Weird to think of Stannis and Tyrion as in-laws.
884	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	The biggest one though IMO, is the fact that Dagmer is in his 40's, and he looks it!!! Roose in the book, is in his mid to late 40's, Roose in the show looks about the same. However, for the sake of argument, let's just say Roose is 50, considering everybody was aged up a little bit for the show. Do you people think Roose had Ramsey when he was seven?!?Oh itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s workable, all right: Roose is supposed to look ridiculously young for his age, whereas Ramsey is supposed to look rather older than his age.  Remember when Asha finally finds Theon again, she thinks heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an old man.  Clean living versus self-(or otherwise)abuse makes a huge real-world difference in perceived ages.
885	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Yes, that's why the first part is more like a joke (it *was* funny), and the second is what I'm really thinking. I don't think people are as negative as you're making it out to be. @ Versiroth: Yes, I believe what Alboin is saying is that he doesn't mind that at all, but that he does mind the decision of Robb to bang her of his own accord (rather than Jeyne wanting to 'comfort' him) before even 'finding out' Bran and Rickon are dead (like most of us do). It just destroys a lot of sympathy you could have possibly had for the Starks that they take the decisions that lead to their doom without the emotional devastation that news caused them. It also destroys the possibility it was a Westerling plot all along (I always felt that way, what with Jeyne not getting pregnant and the Wolf not trusting them).Yep.  I really thought the whole Westerling Momma/Tywin/Frey plot which led to the RW was great writing and good storytelling, which we have been set up for.  We know how prickly Frey is about being slighted by the greater houses- the Tully's in particular- from Season 1, so I do feel the motivation for him would be the same were Robb married to a Westerling vs. a Volantian.  If folks feel the need to see the falling in love, that's their perrogative, just don't really see the point of switching her character.  I'm not sure we need slave city backstory, slavery=bad to everyone already, just the fact of a city being a slave city would be enough, I think.  I don't see how Tulisa's little life lesson story makes anyone feel anything about slavery that we didn't already.It was clear in the books that Tywin and the Westerlings (not necessarily Jeyne, but maybe) had a deal; Mom Westerling kept pouring moon tea into Jeyne to keep her from producing an heir, and Tywin mentions the Reynes of Castamere in a conversation with Tyrion re: Robb and the Westerlings and we put two and two together.  It's all perfect Tywin and I'm not sure why they might want to drop it.  Hope they won't. I should have just gone to school today instead of sitting home and bitching.Probably.I love Ygritte in the show more than I liked her in the books, and I really liked her in the booksI also think she's doing a great job, which is nice because I couldn't stand her in the books.
886	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Man, Jon Snow looks like an impotent douche.
He can't buy a lick of credit on the TV series, he couldn't even get indirect credit for finding the dragonglass through Ghost.
887	SelaBela	2012-05-21	Hey we got the full Monty from Theon in season 1...Theon?? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> Might be worth muting and watching, but we almost got ROBB!Besides, I think androsexual outrage over the lack of man meat has been kept at a minimum.  Whereas if there was a marked decrease in boobies, gynosexuals would be up in arms. Though the comments would get a lot less creepy.
888	Balefont	2012-05-21	Why is Cat having the upper hand in the morality debate a problem for the show? I'm still not sure why they changed it; makes more sense for Catelyn to free Jaime and Robb to sleep with Jeyne (Talisa) after they found out Bran and Rickon died. The timeline matched up too, if they just waited an extra episode. It's not like they needed to move up Jaime's escape.Makes for better TV, imo.
889	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Man, Jon Snow looks like an impotent douche.Why do you call him a â<U+0080><U+009C>showerâ<U+0080><U+009D> for fuckâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sake!?  Do you mean heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a wet blanket, a party pooper?  Or that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a jerk or a freak or a sop? Me no speaka dis nuvo kidztalk! What are you saying, this time in proper English instead of ghetto slang?
890	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Probably.â<U+0080><U+0099>Fraid  youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been flattened by my ironing board, mate.
891	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-21	Man, Jon Snow looks like an impotent douche. He can't buy a lick of credit on the TV series, he couldn't even get indirect credit for finding the dragonglass through Ghost.Can you imagine that toolbag as head of the 'watch? He shouldn't be running the stables.
892	A Stark in Salem	2012-05-21	Good episode. Jeyne is really hot, Jaime was wrong. All I want to know now is how the Battle of the Blackwater will be presented. The chain is not out of plans, or at least this episode made me think that way. Thank the Seven that GRRM is the writer of the episode.When Tyrion and Varys were speaking, you could hear the distinct but faint sound of iron being hammered in the background for most of the scene. Obviously a detail meant only for book fans since anyone else would not notice it at all or not get it's inference.
893	Arya The Assassin	2012-05-21	One of the best episodes so far! Looking forward to Blackwater!Good:The first scene with Theon and his sister. Nice dialogue.Arya asks Jaqen to kill Tywin, but it turns out to be too late. This makes more sense than in the book, where she never asks him to kill Tywin (IIRC, she asks him to kill someone else of lesser importance, and she basically wastes her opportunity).  A pity I don't get to see more scenes with Arya and Tywin, their scenes have been one of the biggest highlights of the series so far.The scene with Tyrion and Bronn was a bit funny.Tyrion and Cersei. Well acted and written scene. Nice touch to introduce Ros as Tyrion's whore (but perhaps not that surprising).Bad:A was a bit disappointed that we didn't get to see the 'weasel soup' (or at least some kind of action), but I didn't really expect it to happen anyway because of the other (positive) changes that had been made. And it also makes more sense to me that they manage to escape in this 'stealthy' manner, given the circumstances.
894	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	No royal Robb-arse?  For shame!
895	A Stark in Salem	2012-05-21	Can you imagine that toolbag as head of the 'watch? He shouldn't be running the stables.Can you imagine that toolbag as head of the 'watch? He shouldn't be running the stables.Yeah, well for some reason they haven't bothered to even show Ghost except a few seconds for about a week in the show's timeline. Save some money some where else people and keep the wolves in the story! It can't be that expensive for Pete's sake. They are not CG, but enlarged/composited actual wolf actors. It's not a super expensive thing to do (and I work in CG). Maybe I'll volunteer my services to next season just to see more of the dire-wolves, heheh.
896	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Why do you call him a â<U+0080><U+009C>showerâ<U+0080><U+009D> for fuckâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sake!? Do you mean heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a wet blanket, a party pooper? Or that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a jerk or a freak or a sop? Me no speaka dis nuvo kidztalk! What are you saying, this time in proper English instead of ghetto slang?Lol, ghetto?Anyway, read the second sentence then
897	jblair	2012-05-21	Why do you call him a â<U+0080><U+009C>showerâ<U+0080><U+009D> for fuckâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sake!? Do you mean heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a wet blanket, a party pooper? Or that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a jerk or a freak or a sop? Me no speaka dis nuvo kidztalk! What are you saying, this time in proper English instead of ghetto slang?Please tell me this is trolling. Ghetto slang?Unrelated: Show-Jeyne is so insanely hot, for the first time I see why Robb pissed away his kingdom and life.
					
					
							Edited by jblair, 21 May 2012 - 12:39 PM.
898	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Can you imagine that toolbag as head of the 'watch? He shouldn't be running the stables.What a chump.......he should be Sam's steward. When Ygritte says she'd be the one to cut his balls off if he ran, I almost peed myself laughing at Snow's character.Craster's keep was bad enough
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 21 May 2012 - 12:44 PM.
899	White Raven	2012-05-21	Cutting off faces? Shae is clearly Ramsay -- it all makes sense now.Nah, Shae is a Faceless (Wo)man and a Sand Snake.
900	Chelly	2012-05-21	It was pretty good. I really liked the Asha and Theon scene. Its the first time we get to see Asha letting her guard down and expressing some genuine concern for her little brother. Theon still owns every scene he is in.
Jaqen is so freaking hot. I loved his "a girl has no answer" and Arya just shrugs like "whatever". They have great interactions, but even though I"m not one to nitpick, I am a little disappointed in no weasel soup or Arya stabbing the guard to escape(I think that was important for her development into training to become a skilled killer). Anyway, there's plenty of time for that.
Tyrion and Varys are great together. So are Tyrion and Bronn. Did Robb ever make it to the Crag? What about all those depleted medical supplies Jeyne was so worried about? Anyway, she doesn't bother me that much and I think her and Robb have a good chemistry.
I don't know why, but I was expecting HoTU in this episode. So, I was annoyed that Dany scene was pretty much the same scene she had with Jorah last episode. Damn, at least have her enter the damn place already. 
I still love Ygritte. I think she's been fantastic Lord O' Bones is much more scarier looking than I imagined him.
901	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-21	My heart really broke for the Stark children this episode..
If this  pushy whore from Volantis ends up being a spy, I will really hate her, otherwise I can deal.
902	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Man, Jon Snow looks like an impotent douche. He can't buy a lick of credit on the TV series, he couldn't even get indirect credit for finding the dragonglass through Ghost.LOL! So true. He looks like he's going to burst into tears at any moment. So far Sam would have done a better job. He might have tripped trying to swing the sword and accidentally crushed Ygritte.â<U+0080><U+0099>Fraid  youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been flattened by my ironing board, mate.I think he's just not falling for your trolling and is telling you to stop it with reverse irony.@ Chelly: I think the pack horses from the first scene with Jeyne and Robb held those supplies. And isn't it just loveable how Robb accompanies her for no reason and then blames it on his mother that his men screwed up and got rowdy while he was on a love date? Jeez, he really is such a douche in the show.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 12:46 PM.
903	Crowned Stag	2012-05-21	I don't know if this has been talked about but I wasn't too happy with Luwin finding boys in the crypt.  I just remember how powerful the scene in the book was, when Luwin finds the boys alive as he is about to die.
					
					
							Edited by Crowned Stag, 21 May 2012 - 12:42 PM.
904	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-21	Also I'm getting really tired of hearing Dany say the word dragons. I really liked her a lot more season 1.
905	Sand	2012-05-21	Rattleshirt was sooo much better in the show than in the book imo. He looked scary and mean. This episode was perfect!
906	A Stark in Salem	2012-05-21	Lol. What I really think it boils down to is the creators not having enough time to bring the story to life.True, but if they had not bothered to have so much "Robb" time, which he gets none in the books whatsoever, maybe we have much more time for everyone else. Think of it: they have a mere ten ep.s for this massive book and they give Robb his own set of scenes, plus this new made up chick and her own story line. Why? It adds nothing to the overall series and he of all the characters changes the least of any. I'm sure it's why GRRM never gave him his own POVs. He stays the same more or less, despite his actions being pivotal to the stories of all the other characters.
907	Ghost714	2012-05-21	Oh itÂ<U+0092>s workable, all right: Roose is supposed to look ridiculously young for his age, whereas Ramsey is supposed to look rather older than his age.  Remember when Asha finally finds Theon again, she thinks heÂ<U+0092>s an old man.  Clean living versus self-(or otherwise)abuse makes a huge real-world difference in perceived ages.I really don't think it's workable. That is to much of a stretch. Unless your turned into Reek like Theon was, "dirty living" is not going to age you twenty years. For psychopaths like Ramsey, what he does, does not bother him. So it's not like the stress of being a sadistic killer has made him age poorly, and there is no Westerosi equivalent to meth or crack cocaine, so I don't see Ramsey looking that much older than he really is. And Roose doesn't look ridiculously young for his age, he just has an "agelessness about him", and even though he has been in battle, he has no scars. I also don't remember the books saying anywhere that Ramsey looks older than he really is.Not to mention the other problems I pointed out for this theory, in my last post.
908	arrowsmith	2012-05-21	didn't miss weasel soup one bit, I'd forgotten about it in the books anyway
still not concerned about them getting rid of the chain, sure it was used a few real battles mostly across small rivers, this is blockading a whole harbor, it would have to be on the size of the three gorges damn in china, it just seem implausible
great to see the dragonglass, and rattle shirt, amazing shots in iceland!
Talisa/Jeyne impressed me this week, her acting/writing has been rather thin nice to see her character fleshed out (bad pun) remember her character is just the reason for the Frey's to revolt later, whether she is a spy or not doesn't matter much, when we know whats in store for Robb
Shae on the other hand is just such a vacuum when on screen, the show loses so much momentum, just waiting for the crossbow sceneâ<U+0080>¦
looking fwd to the rest of the season its gone by so fast!
909	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-21	I don't know if this has been talked about but I wasn't too happy with Luwin finding boys in the crypt. I just remember how powerful the scene in the book was, when Luwin finds the boys alive as he is about to die.I agree, but I am glad that he knows that they are alive. In the book the boys go immediately to the crypts and not to that farm right? I thought the series would just have them go to the farm and keep venturing on, not including the part where Luwin sees them when Winterfell is burned down and he is dying.
910	blasted_saber	2012-05-21	Why do people still think Dagmer is Ramsay? We've now heard at least twice how Ramsay is traveling north with a force to retake Winterfell. Roose didnt tell Robb "My son is at winterfell wating to strike".
Jeyne/Talisa doesnt bother me. Minor characters with irrelevent backstory. We all know what happens soon anyways......
911	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Haters gonna hate, lovers gonna love, and neâ<U+0080><U+0099>er the twain do meet.
912	legba11	2012-05-21	First Impression: 
I can't believe how negative I am about this episode.  I have never scored any of them below a 6/10 (and my average score is like in the high 8's), this was a 4/10 and that may be generous.  I am hoping I realize I am wrong after a second watching.
Rattleshirt scene was ok, though he looked a bit cartoonish for the show.  The scene was fine though.  The Quorin/Jon setup was adequate, though only because I like what is coming.  This storyline was basically wasted material this week.  Where the hell is Ghost?
Robb and Catelyn was excellent.  One of two scenes worth watching.  Sadly it led to Robb and not-Jeyne:  For the first time in 18 episodes, i found myself wondering where my smartphone was so I could play a round of Draw Something while watching an episode.  Boring beyond belief.  I realize we haven't had sex on screen for a bit and HBO was probably going to fire people if a nipple wasn't seen soon; however this was so forced anf generic, I was reminded of The Matrix 2.
Cersei and Tyrion was just more of the same, and I'm tired of it now.  This is probably hurt by the fact I knew it would be Roz, and I don't care what happens to Roz.  Not that I cared what happened to Shea in the books, either.  Tyrion's reunion with Shae was forced and flat.
Tyrion and Varys is the only other (Robb/Catelyn) thing wirth watxhing in this episode.  Good enough scene.  I am expecting the people who were holding out hope for a miracle chain scene disagree.
Sam, Grenn and DE worked but really seemed thrown in randomly.
I think there was a Dany/Jorah scene.  I seriously can't remember it.  I'm pretty sure she ordered him to go get her dragons last week.  Why is he still there?  Complete waste of time.
Stannis/Davos was fine, though unremarkable.  Compared to most of the rest of this episode, it was a pleasant relief from the drudgery.
What an awful (on the GoT scale) episode.
913	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Haters gonna hate, lovers gonna love, and neâ<U+0080><U+0099>er the twain do meet.Your posts grow more useless by the minute.
914	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	LOL! So true. He looks like he's going to burst into tears at any moment. So far Sam would have done a better job. He might have tripped trying to swing the sword and accidentally crushed Ygritte.haha, they are definitely getting the EMO vibe across for Jon Snow.  They made him beg the Halfhand to go along and then he goes from blunder to blunder after they left the Fist.  The producers couldn't even give him the one kill he got on the watchers before he captured Ygritte, poor Snow.  Loses his team, loses his prisoner, gets suckered into a trap, gets made a prisoner by his former prisoner, all the while getting dressed down like a proper virgin in every conversation with Ygritte.
915	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Haters gonna hate, lovers gonna love, and neâ<U+0080><U+0099>er the twain do meet.you are the worst troll ever.  at least try......
916	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Why do people still think Dagmer is Ramsay?For several possible reasons not often mentioned:  One is that they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believe Ralph Ineson would be cast for a merely third- or even fourth-tier villain like Cleftjaw rather than for a second-tier one like Ramsey. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a lot of money and acting chops for somebody whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bound to go away really soon. The only possible reason is because heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been given a lot of Ramseyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plot points â<U+0080><U+0094> which he quite obviously has â<U+0080><U+0094> even without being that person. It might be another Osha-nA©e-Meera thing.Another is that Theon didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t recognize his old teacher, Cleftjaw. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really rather weird.One  more minor one is that Dagmerâ<U+0080><U+0099>s jaw isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even cloven, although this isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a very strong motivator; I doubt weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll see Tyrion lose his nose nor  any other important limb or member.
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 01:09 PM.
917	Ghost714	2012-05-21	First Impression: I can't believe how negative I am about this episode.  I have never scored any of them below a 6/10 (and my average score is like in the high 8's), this was a 4/10 and that may be generous.  I am hoping I realize I am wrong after a second watching.Rattleshirt scene was ok, though he looked a bit cartoonish for the show.  The scene was fine though.  The Quorin/Jon setup was adequate, though only because I like what is coming.  This storyline was basically wasted material this week.  Where the hell is Ghost?Robb and Catelyn was excellent.  One of two scenes worth watching.  Sadly it led to Robb and not-Jeyne:  For the first time in 18 episodes, i found myself wondering where my smartphone was so I could play a round of Draw Something while watching an episode.  Boring beyond belief.  I realize we haven't had sex on screen for a bit and HBO was probably going to fire people if a nipple wasn't seen soon; however this was so forced anf generic, I was reminded of The Matrix 2.Cersei and Tyrion was just more of the same, and I'm tired of it now.  This is probably hurt by the fact I knew it would be Roz, and I don't care what happens to Roz.  Not that I cared what happened to Shea in the books, either.  Tyrion's reunion with Shae was forced and flat.Tyrion and Varys is the only other (Robb/Catelyn) thing wirth watxhing in this episode.  Good enough scene.  I am expecting the people who were holding out hope for a miracle chain scene disagree.Sam, Grenn and DE worked but really seemed thrown in randomly.I think there was a Dany/Jorah scene.  I seriously can't remember it.  I'm pretty sure she ordered him to go get her dragons last week.  Why is he still there?  Complete waste of time.Stannis/Davos was fine, though unremarkable.  Compared to most of the rest of this episode, it was a pleasant relief from the drudgery.What an awful (on the GoT scale) episode.I don't see how anybody can think any of the episodes are boring. Most people call me a purist(even though I have like many of the changes, as long as they are done well), and even if I wish the show was more true to the book, I would never say any of the episodes are boring. No matter what, source material aside, it's still a good show. I watch every episode three times, and I have done the same with this episode, and not one episode on any of my rewatches, has ever been boring(and I have seen a lot of the episodes even more than three times).
918	Lannes	2012-05-21	At this point, I almost hope that Dagmer=Ramsey....just so I can watch the internets explode with the intensity of a thousand suns.....
					
					
							Edited by Lannes, 21 May 2012 - 01:18 PM.
919	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	The Robb and Catelyn scene worked excellently well. Bravo (and brava, respectively) for them.
920	Ghost714	2012-05-21	For several possible reasons not often mentioned:  One is that they donÂ<U+0092>t believe Ralph Ineson would be cast for a merely third- or even fourth-tier villain like Cleftjaw rather than for a second-tier one like Ramsey. ItÂ<U+0092>s a lot of money and acting chops for somebody whoÂ<U+0092>s bound to go away really soon. The only possible reason is because heÂ<U+0092>s been given a lot of RamseyÂ<U+0092>s plot points Â<U+0097> which he quite obviously has Â<U+0097> even without being that person. It might be another Osha-nA©e-Meera thing.Another is that Theon didnÂ<U+0092>t recognize his old teacher, Cleftjaw. ThatÂ<U+0092>s really rather weird.One  more minor one is that DagmerÂ<U+0092>s jaw isnÂ<U+0092>t even cloven, although this isnÂ<U+0092>t a very strong motivator; I doubt weÂ<U+0092>ll see Tyrion lose his nose nor  any other important limb or member.Ok, your post explains why the idea might pop into some people's heads, that Dagmer is Ramsey, but it does not explain why people would continue to believe that, if they actually gave it some real thought. How is it possible for Dagmer to be Ramsey, he looks almost older than Roose, at minimum, way to old to be Roose's son. Why would he be on the Iron Islands? How would he know Theon would turn his cloak? How would the other Ironborn not know him for false, I mean Theon spent most of his adult life in Winterfell, so it might be understandable that he doesn't see Dagmer as a false Iron Islander, but how would Ramsey fool everyone else? The list literally goes on...
921	midnightrider	2012-05-21	First Impression: I can't believe how negative I am about this episode. I have never scored any of them below a 6/10 (and my average score is like in the high 8's), this was a 4/10 and that may be generous. I am hoping I realize I am wrong after a second watching. Rattleshirt scene was ok, though he looked a bit cartoonish for the show. The scene was fine though. The Quorin/Jon setup was adequate, though only because I like what is coming. This storyline was basically wasted material this week. Where the hell is Ghost? Robb and Catelyn was excellent. One of two scenes worth watching. Sadly it led to Robb and not-Jeyne: For the first time in 18 episodes, i found myself wondering where my smartphone was so I could play a round of Draw Something while watching an episode. Boring beyond belief. I realize we haven't had sex on screen for a bit and HBO was probably going to fire people if a nipple wasn't seen soon; however this was so forced anf generic, I was reminded of The Matrix 2. Cersei and Tyrion was just more of the same, and I'm tired of it now. This is probably hurt by the fact I knew it would be Roz, and I don't care what happens to Roz. Not that I cared what happened to Shea in the books, either. Tyrion's reunion with Shae was forced and flat. Tyrion and Varys is the only other (Robb/Catelyn) thing wirth watxhing in this episode. Good enough scene. I am expecting the people who were holding out hope for a miracle chain scene disagree. Sam, Grenn and DE worked but really seemed thrown in randomly. I think there was a Dany/Jorah scene. I seriously can't remember it. I'm pretty sure she ordered him to go get her dragons last week. Why is he still there? Complete waste of time. Stannis/Davos was fine, though unremarkable. Compared to most of the rest of this episode, it was a pleasant relief from the drudgery. What an awful (on the GoT scale) episode.I couldn't agree more.  You really hit the nail on the head.  I also found myself wanting to do something else, besides watch the show.  I started checking my email, etc.  This is the first time in all 18 episodes that I completely lost interest.  I also watch the show with some friends each week.  (All which are non-readers)  A few of them said that they do not think they want to keep investing in the show. The first season was so amazing, and this season has really derailed.  HBO focuses on unimportant scenes,  and leaves out exciting moments from the book. ??? I feel like every episodes is the same thing, and very little happens.  I find that I am not emotionally invested in the characters this season.   The season is very rushed and disjointed. I really want the show to stay on the air, but the books only get MORE involved and much more complex.  If HBO doesn't start formatting the show differently, I do not think they are going to be able to hold a fan base beyond the loyal readers.  This is just my opinion, and I do not want to upset anyone.  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' /> You like thisUnlikeQuoteMultiQuote
922	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Sure wish folks would try unravelling show-Xaro and Dany-Aerysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s certain revenge upon him for betraying her babies, and what possible rA´le Chekovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Treasure Vault will play in Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s broader multi-season plot arc. Pretty sure this all has to go down in S2E10, not later. But S2E10 has to have a whole seriesâ<U+0080><U+0099> worth of critical denoument points in it, including:Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s  narrowly surviving Ser Mandon Mooreâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perfidy, and subsequent loss of HandshipStannisâ<U+0080><U+0099>s retreat to Dragonstone and reunion with the Red WitchDavosâ<U+0080><U+0099>s rescue from the rocks and imprisonment the combined return of Tywin victorious, along with the two widowed Tyrells siblings Sandorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fugue the breaking-up of Bran and Rickon with their appointed guardians, probably Osha+Hodor vs the surprisingly surviving (but surely not sempervirent) Maester Luwin I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really see Chekovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Treasure Vault as denouement, but maybe. Same with Jaqenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s guaranteed  shapechange and gift of coin to Arya.  Do Robb and that woman get some sort of denouement? What about Jaime and Brienne?   And what of Harrenhall?Colour me mA©fiant, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a lot of denouement to still fit in key non-denouement parts likethe sack of Winterfell â<U+0080><U+0094> but at whose hand, at whose hand?and of course Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s grand Casa de los Vampiros conflagration.Will Barristan really still rescue Dany from the manticore so that they can all of them sail off into the sunset together? I really canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see how they can possibly fit this in yet this season.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 01:55 PM.
923	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	I love that Brienne was riding a white horse!  Shows whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the white knight in this courtship, eh?
924	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Now we know where all the horse-budget went!
925	Husband to Bears	2012-05-21	Tyrion: "If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over."Varys: "They say he burns his enemies alive to honor the Lord of Light."Tyrion"The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned. The Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?"Varys"In the Summer Isles. They worship the fertility goddess with sixteen teats."Tyrion "We should sail there immediately."
926	Markers	2012-05-21	Great episode as usual.
Watching this episode I had an epiphany...Could Dagmer/Reek be just be an imagination of Theon? Nobody has ever talked to him. When they talk to each other they're always alone
					
					
							Edited by Markers, 21 May 2012 - 02:02 PM.
927	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	If that's true Maester Luwin has a very funny way of walking to synchronize with Theon imagining Dagmer pushing him around.
928	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t you think peopleâ<U+0080><U+0099>d have a whole lot more trouble with Dagmer being a figment of Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s damaged imagination than his being Ramsey?
929	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	If that's true Maester Luwin has a very funny way of walking to synchronize with Theon imagining Dagmer pushing him around.The evidence is right there in his maesterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s chain.  See that link forged of metallurgic alldizium? That oneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s from the Ministry of Silly Walks.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 02:14 PM.
930	gougef	2012-05-21	Rattleshirt was sooo much better in the show than in the book imo. He looked scary and mean. This episode was perfect!I always thought that he sounded kind of comical in the books.
931	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	True, but if they had not bothered to have so much "Robb" time, which he gets none in the books whatsoever, maybe we have much more time for everyone else. Think of it: they have a mere ten ep.s for this massive book and they give Robb his own set of scenes, plus this new made up chick and her own story line. Why? It adds nothing to the overall series and he of all the characters changes the least of any. I'm sure it's why GRRM never gave him his own POVs. He stays the same more or less, despite his actions being pivotal to the stories of all the other characters.Because it's television and it's important for the viewer to see more of Robb to feel emotionally connected to him for when the RW happens. Why would the audience care if we only get a few small snippets of him? We need to know who he is and what is character thinks. Also it is important for the viewer to see his romance with Talisa/Jeyne develop so they understand why he would make such a grevious error in his alliance with the Freys.
932	Arawni	2012-05-21	Two things re: Robb:First, I found this.And...I just re-watched ep. 8 and he and Talisa/Tulisa/whatever are definitely walking toward Robb's camp, as in having been to the Crag and are now returning.  The rider coming from the camp approaches them from the front.EDIT: This was talked about earlier in the thread i.e. whether or not they'd already been to the Crag or were going there and were called back.Wow. It was actually strange to read that article you linked because those were exactly my thought about Robb and Talisa ending up having sex. As a non-reader I did not expect him to hear about Bran and Rickon and then fell into the arms of the first available woman. I actually felt for Robb in this episode. He goes on and on raving about how Theon betrayed him and then he felt that his mother betrayed him, too. So he's utterly ALONE - and here comes someone with whom he can connect, who listens to him. So he succumbs. I found it believable.I've read about Robb's marriage in the books and reasons behind it. However, I don't buy them. So Robb is this very honourable guy who wants to "do the right thing". How come rescuing a lady is more honorauble than keeping the word he has given to one of the lord and who has already done him a great favor? If Robb IS so very honourable, I simply cannot believe he would back from his word just because of one night's mistake. Actually I would've expected him to act like Ned and promise he'd raise the child if sex has lead to pregnancy.Only reason I can see an honourable Robb to break his promise is the one thing that makes even clever and apt people do stupid things: love. And while I'm not that invested in Robb/Talisa pairing, at least I find it believable that he falls in love and because of that breaks his promise to lord Frey.
933	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Robb is nothing short of hypocritical in this episode. He isn't around to keep his men in control because he's on a random love date and then blames his momma for it, then loses the Freys for no reason other than a random girl, which is much worse than attempting to trade the Kingslayer for (in their mind) 2 girls. As formidable as he is Jaime doesn't weigh up to the difference of having the full support or the full enmity of the Freys. Please don't proclaim you're a non-reader and then say 'I don't buy the reasons from the book'. That's just irritating. Book-Robb is like, 15 years old and not as much a douche as Show-Robb (who jumps Jeyne rather than being jumped by her after he's injured and heard about Bran and Rickon's 'deaths') and there's far more (often subtle) information in the books than you can get on the net.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 03:03 PM.
934	Arawni	2012-05-21	Robb is nothing short of hypocritical in this episode. He isn't around to keep his men in control because he's on a random love date and then blames his momma for it, then loses the Freys for no reason other than a random girl, which is much worse than attempting to trade the Kingslayer for (in their mind) 2 girls. As formidable as he is Jaime doesn't weigh up to difference having the full support or the full enmity of the Freys. Please don't proclaim you're a non-reader and then say 'I don't buy the reasons from the book'. That's just irritating. Book-Robb is like, 15 years old and not as much a douche as Show-Robb (who jumps Jeyne rather than being jumped by her after he's injured and heard about Bran and Rickon) and there's far more (often subtle) information in the books than you can get on the net.Ok. I'll say that I don't buy people's interpretation of the book-Robb's actions. Happy?I do think that Robb is doing major mistakes here and yes, he's also somewhat a hyppocrite. He wants to make war but doesn't want to face the consequenses of fighting. He's trying to live some kind of ideal that's not really possible but still he's requiring other people to back up his delusions. So he's far from being practical and efficient leader and it's no wonder he'll loosing support of his bannermen and he would've even without marrying the wrong the girl. He's actually little bit like Hannibal trying to beat Rome: he can win but he cannot ripe fruits of his winnings. He's very flawed, indeed and cannot even excuse himself as being almost a child. So basically he's humanbeing. Which is why I'm starting to like this guy. Pity he has to die but truth be told he is asking for it.
935	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Why do the First Men have such frosty manhole covers?
936	jarl the climber	2012-05-21	Why do the First Men have such frosty manhole covers?Because they prefer to pitch and not to catch
937	ViennaGirl	2012-05-21	She's the SLAVE cities chick - that's whyok, yeah, fine, typo. and I guess it won't really matter for much longer anyway...
938	Ghost714	2012-05-21	I posted this last night, like twenty pages ago, but considering at that time, there was like 20 posts a minute coming in, I don't think anybody saw it. So I am going to repost it.
In the preview for next week, does anyone else think it looked like Stannis was leading the charge off the rowboats, into the defenders of Kings Landing? 
Don't get me wrong, I am glad the are showing something that makes Stannis look like a badass, but Stannis isn't really that type of badass. He is definitely the more cautious Commander, and if he leads the charge, they are going to have to make him look even more badass IMO. He would have to be super badass, in order to survive to fight another day, after having led the charge right into a trap, and then being flanked by the Tywin/Tyrell army. 
So if my eyes did not decieve me, and if that preview was not just crafty editing to make it look like Stannis leads the charge, then I am very curious/excited to see Stannis fighting hand to hand the whole battle, and how he will survive it.
939	Warden of the North121	2012-05-21	I posted this last night, like twenty pages ago, but considering at that time, there was like 20 posts a minute coming in, I don't think anybody saw it. So I am going to repost it. In the preview for next week, does anyone else think it looked like Stannis was leading the charge off the rowboats, into the defenders of Kings Landing? Don't get me wrong, I am glad the are showing something that makes Stannis look like a badass, but Stannis isn't really that type of badass. He is definitely the more cautious Commander, and if he leads the charge, they are going to have to make him look even more badass IMO. He would have to be super badass, in order to survive to fight another day, after having led the charge right into a trap, and then being flanked by the Tywin/Tyrell army. So if my eyes did not decieve me, and if that preview was not just crafty editing to make it look like Stannis leads the charge, then I am very curious/excited to see Stannis fighting hand to hand the whole battle, and how he will survive it.I felt the same thing when I saw the preview. They've been known for trying to trick us in these promos but I'm almost sure I saw him on solid ground.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 21 May 2012 - 03:39 PM.
940	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	People actually reacted to that post I think. I'm pretty sure it's Stannis. I figure having Stannis stay out of the battle would make it more difficult to film because you'd have to switch between the battle and his overview of the battle - an overview was exactly what they were trying to avoid. I also think to lead and direct your men, especially in a night battle where you can't give banner signals, you have to be in the thick of it; He does not have Lightbringer and it seems like he's getting knocked out in the trailer though, so I can't say I'm too excited... if they make him look like a fool I'll get mad as Aerys... Stannis *was* on solid ground in the books as well though so it's not that much of a stretch. Considering how narrow the escape was it would be unlikely he got nowhere near the fighting - Robert was the warrior of the Baratheons but Stannis isn't a pushover.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 03:46 PM.
941	gmavridis	2012-05-21	Until now I was hoping they will engineer a disclosure scene for Jeyne Westerling so the real beauty of Tywin's plot would not be lost. Also, the only reason that anyone could forgive Catelyn for letting Kingslayer go, was the unimaginable grief that she must have suffered when she found out that the boys (Bran and Rickon) were dead.I think they blew it with these two lines of the plot.
942	Warden of the North121	2012-05-21	People actually reacted to that post I think. I'm pretty sure it's Stannis. I figure having Stannis stay out of the battle would make it more difficult to film because you'd have to switch between the battle and his overview of the battle - an overview was exactly what they were trying to avoid. I also think to lead and direct your men, especially in a night battle where you can't give banner signals, you have to be in the thick of it; He does not have Lightbringer and it seems like he's getting knocked out in the trailer though, so I can't say I'm too excited... if they make him look like a fool I'll get mad as Aerys... Stannis *was* on solid ground in the books as well though so it's not that much of a stretch. Considering how narrow the escape was it would be unlikely he got nowhere near the fighting - Robert was the warrior of the Baratheons but Stannis isn't a pushover.Ahh you're right stannis commanded the men on land while that tool Imry? Florent (all the Florents are tools it seems) got everyone killed. God I hope they don't make Davos the one guilty for the blunder.
943	rmanoj	2012-05-21	People actually reacted to that post I think. I'm pretty sure it's Stannis. I figure having Stannis stay out of the battle would make it more difficult to film because you'd have to switch between the battle and his overview of the battle - an overview was exactly what they were trying to avoid. I also think to lead and direct your men, especially in a night battle where you can't give banner signals, you have to be in the thick of it; He does not have Lightbringer and it seems like he's getting knocked out in the trailer though, so I can't say I'm too excited... if they make him look like a fool I'll get mad as Aerys... Stannis *was* on solid ground in the books as well though so it's not that much of a stretch. Considering how narrow the escape was it would be unlikely he got nowhere near the fighting - Robert was the warrior of the Baratheons but Stannis isn't a pushover.I'm fairly sure that there was a bit in the books where Stannis remembers that "Lightbringer" had served him no better than any ordinary sword on the Blackwater, so he did indeed get caught up in the melA©e.Edit: Yes, it's from ASOS, Davos V: "It glimmers prettily, I grant you, but on the Blackwater this magic sword served me no better than any common steel."
					
					
							Edited by rmanoj, 21 May 2012 - 04:14 PM.
944	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	I posted this last night, like twenty pages ago, but considering at that time, there was like 20 posts a minute coming in, I don't think anybody saw it. So I am going to repost it. In the preview for next week, does anyone else think it looked like Stannis was leading the charge off the rowboats, into the defenders of Kings Landing? Don't get me wrong, I am glad the are showing something that makes Stannis look like a badass, but Stannis isn't really that type of badass. He is definitely the more cautious Commander, and if he leads the charge, they are going to have to make him look even more badass IMO. He would have to be super badass, in order to survive to fight another day, after having led the charge right into a trap, and then being flanked by the Tywin/Tyrell army. So if my eyes did not decieve me, and if that preview was not just crafty editing to make it look like Stannis leads the charge, then I am very curious/excited to see Stannis fighting hand to hand the whole battle, and how he will survive it.Motionless as a gargoyle, Tyrion Lannister hunched on one knee atop a merlon. Beyond the Mud Gate and the desolation that had once been the fishmarket and wharves , the river itself seemed to have taken fire. Half of Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fleet was ablaze, along with most of Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. The kiss of wildfire turned proud ships into funeral pyres and men into living torches. The air was full of smoke and arrows and screams. Downstream, commoners and highborn captains alike could see the hot green death swirling toward their rafts and carracks and ferries, borne on the current of the Blackwater. The long white oars of the Myrish galleys flashed like the legs of maddened centipedes as they fought to come about, but it was no good. The centipedes had no place to run. A dozen great fires raged under the city walls, where casks of burning pitch had exploded, but the wildfire reduced them to no more than candles in a burning house, their orange and scarlet pennons fluttering insignificantly against the jade holocaust. The low clouds caught the color of the burning river and roofed the sky in shades of shifting green, eerily beautiful. A terrible beauty. Like dragonfire. Tyrion wondered if Aegon the Conqueror had felt like this as he flew above his Field of Fire. The furnace wind lifted his crimson cloak and beat at his bare face, yet he could not turn away. He was dimly aware of the gold cloaks cheering from the hoardings. He had no voice to join them. It was a half victory. It will not be enough. He saw another of the hulks heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d stuffed full of King Aerysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fickle fruits engulfed by the hungry flames. A fountain of burning jade rose from the river the blast so bright he had to shield his eyes. Plumes of fire thirty and forty feet high danced upon the waters, crackling and hissing. For a few moments they washed out the screams. There were hundreds in the water, drowning or burning or doing a little of both. Do you hear them shrieking, Stannis? Do you see them burning? This is your work as much as mine. Somewhere in that seething mass of men south of the Blackwater, Stannis was watching too, Tyrion knew. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d never had his brother Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s thirst for battle. He would command from the rear, from the reserve, much as Lord Tywin Lannister was wont to do. Like as not, he was sitting a warhorse right now, clad in bright armor, his crown upon his head. A crown of red gold, Varys says, its points fashioned in the shapes of flames. â<U+0080><U+009C>My ships.â<U+0080><U+009D> Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s voice cracked as he shouted up from the wallwalk, where he huddled with his guards behind the ramparts. The golden circlet of kingship adorned his battle helm. â<U+0080><U+009C>My Kingslanderâ<U+0080><U+0099>s burning, Queen Cersei, Loyal Man. Look, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Seaflower, there.â<U+0080><U+009D> He pointed with his new sword, out to where the green flames were licking at Seaflowerâ<U+0080><U+0099>s golden hull and creeping up her oars. Her captain had turned her upriver, but not quickly enough to evade the wildfire. She was doomed, Tyrion knew. There was no other way. If we had not come forth to meet them, Stannis would have sensed the trap. An arrow could be aimed, and a spear, even the stone...
945	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-21	I was thinking about the possibility of Talissa being Jeyne Westerling but a different one than the sweet and innocent girl in the books. Maybe she is indeed a spy for Tywin and will be loyal to the Lannisters until the end. She may end up being to the group of Robb's betrayers, replacing her mother? That would add some tragedy to Robb's story, as if the Red Wedding itself weren't tragic enough.Also, I'm praying to not see the Sack of Winterfell this season. I wanna see it happening with the actual Ramsey-actor, not the extra one, helmet-ed or not. Also, the only reason that anyone could forgive Catelyn for letting Kingslayer go, was the unimaginable grief that she must have suffered when she found out that the boys (Bran and Rickon) were dead. I think they blew it with these two lines of the plot.Maybe that will be the reason why Robb will forgive her eventually. They saved the news of Bran and Rikon's supposed deaths as a way for Robb and her mother to come close again.
946	gmavridis	2012-05-21	What was up with Tywin's comment about keeping someone sober? Was he talking about Ser Kevin?No. He was talking about the Mountain.
947	niA±ostark	2012-05-21	Slow boring episode /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Blackwater seems great (I loved the scene when Tyrion is commanding people to kill those brave men=
TV Robb does not have honor and blows everything for being horny, that just sucks... be it an adaptation and all, it sucks hard, the scene was horrible to watch (even though, the girl has a nice ass)
Book Arya is a badass starting to be a killing machine, TV Arya is not
Jaime, Theon and Tyrion are the only ones I'm enjoying to watch...
I don't know if I'm the only one, but beside the looks (amazing casting btw) the girl playing Brienne sucks at acting
948	jblair	2012-05-21	Also I'm getting really tired of hearing Dany say the word dragons. I really liked her a lot more season 1.Yes. She is sounding more and more like Veruca Salt, and I'm liking her less and less."I WANT MY DRAGONS AND I WANT THEM NOW, DADDY MORMONT!"
949	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	At that point, he wasn't fighting, but you can be damned sure Stannis committed the reserve to attack when his forces were being overrun. It would be a poor general who would lose sight of the greater scale of the battle to go charging off from the start. I remember the passage rmanoj is referring to as well: he probably got caught up in the fighting during the retreat. Otherwise how would he know Lightbringer didn't serve him better than any other sword? They really should have given him Lightbringer, it would work awesomely in the darkness.Ok. I'll say that I don't buy people's interpretation of the book-Robb's actions.Ah, so that's what you were saying. I see. I thought you meant what he did in the book was unrealistic, which I thought was a result of you imagining him as grown-Robb from the show. I always thought he dreaded getting a bastard because he saw what that had caused with Catelyn and thus made some false pretense about honour up for marrying Jeyne, completely oblivious to the fact breaking vows with your bannermen is equally if not worse offending. He thought he could get away with it, but obviously didn't know Walder Frey well enough... I didn't hate him, but I did think of him as a fool. Even if it hadn't been for Lord Frey marrying such a small house would have been stupid. Marrying Asha in exchange for the North and support to get her on the throne of Pyke, on the other hand... Now there's a killer move. Shame Robb, such a shame! So a fool he is, but a 15-year old fool who had a lot (far too many) burdens to carry at that and still did admirably at least on the field of battle, of course.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 04:14 PM.
950	Fengari	2012-05-21	Winterfell: Great scene between Theon and his sister, I had no problems with Yara before but I really liked her today.I especially loved how she sent her men away before changing her tone from mocking Theon to telling him she doesn't want him to die. The anecdote was a nice touch to show she does care for her brother, even though she does not think him fit to lead the Ironborn.North of the Wall: I just repeat what I said about last weeks episode: the changes do not affect why/how Jon joins the wildlings, so no problem. The scenes with Ygritte showed the viewers how strong Jon feels about his vows, while he could still say it (as we can't hear him think it later). He was all alone with her, nobody to rat him out, and he was clearly tempted, but didn't give in to it. Now we're done with that, I'm ready for Kit to get out of all these furs for her now.So, we were all wrong. It wasn't Sam finding the dragonglass, it was Grenn (I think?). At least it has been found. I wonder what the first men's signs were about...Robb's camp:Different 'trigger' for releasing Jaimie, yes, but not less understandable, and actually more justified. Though I understood the grief driving Cat to her decision, she did make a terrible gamble in the books: after all, with only Brienne as an escort (I don't think Cleos ever counted...), how good was the chance of Jaimie actually reaching Kings Landing, and even if he did, how big was the chance that that would get her girls back? (We know how well it worked out...). In this scenario, she takes the gamble as opposed to leaving Jaimie in a situation where he would most likely be lynched soon, which would certainly be disastrous for her girls.Great acting in the scene between Robb and Cat, by the way.I liked the scenes of Robb and Talisa this episode. Now they havved dropped their guard around each other they feel a lot less awkward, and that's fitting. Yes, it's a lovey-dovey romance story, but it needs to be to have his fall from the Frey's grace make sense at all. Personally, I feel this relationship they have set up makes more sense than the one in the book. Robb risking his kingdom for a woman he has come to know and love is less foolish and more mature than him sleeping with a nice nobody in a moment of weakness and then deciding he has to do the 'honorable thing'. One can argue not marrying her and honouring his previous promises would have been just as honourable. After all, as far as he knows, even his father has had a 'fling on the side'.I also don't get why people want Talisa anything other than she appears to be. Because it is a different character than in the book? It would be kind of hard to explain a nobleman's daughter, espacially from an enemy house, being around him long enough to get to know and love in these circumstances... And having him wounded and being nursed back to health in a castle would take him out of his camp too long to fit with the rest of the timelines as they are presented in the series.If the conspiracy theories about Talisa do turn out to be right, though, I'll happily accept that D&D have managed to surprise me as GRRM has done so many times...On the Road (or river): Soooo looking forward to more of that!Harrenhall:Did I understand it correctly that Tywin is marching towards Robb? Isn't he coming to the rescue of King's Landing then?I liked how they showed Arya was too late in thinking of naming Tywin, and I loved the 'Unname me', 'No', 'Please?', that smug expression on her face, and the shrug when Jaqen says 'a girl lacks honour'.Weasel soup, as I have said before, is something I can do without, even though I loved it in the books. Without prisoners, it wouldn't have made much sense. I do hope the escape isn't finished yet, though, I feel Arya killing people along her journey with lessening horror at what she's doing is important. But, we know there's more Jaqen and a coin to come, so the possibility is still there. Them walking between all these staged guard-corpses was pretty cool-looking, though.(By the way HBO, when Jaqen sheds his face, could you please send it over here for my husband to borrow for a bit? That would compensate nicely for the lack of a certain bath-scene...)King's Landing: All Tyrion's scenes were great, as always, and Bronn, Varys and Cersei are great with him. I'm a bit worried about him being so desperately late in planning the defenses, though. I really want the viewers to see that he really was who saved King's Landing, not Renly's ghost or Tywin (if he ever gets there). I'm reserving judgement until after next episode, though.I wonder if Tyrion ever contemplates this opportunity: if he gets Joffrey killed, Cersei will kill Roz, and Shae will be safe because Cersei will think she's already gotten Tyrion's love. Win/win/win. Well, the last one purely for Tyrion. The actress playing Shae is not convincing me.I'm looking forward to seeing Joffreys arrogance crumble next week ('There's too many of them!' in the preview had me cracking up...)I'm not usually one who notices the cinematography aspects consciously unless they are bad, but what a great image, when Varys and Tyrion talk about the dragons, with the flames on the foreground...On sea: I now know why I have never like Stannis. He is not a cat person.Good exposition between Stannis and Davos, though I think for non-readers it would have been good to get this a bit earlier in the season.Qarth: When Dany's dragons were stolen I thought it was to give her something to do until going to the House of the Undying. But she doesn't really do much, does he? I'm starting to fear it is to give her something to do IN the House of the Undying, INSTEAD of walking around having visions... If I think about it more, that makes sense. They have left everything that is dreams, visions or prophecy out, except when it is for Bran (where it is quite obviously very necessary). So why would they include those from the House? Showing the RW without giving too much away is difficult, the vision of Rhaegar has no immediate part in the storylines so far (and we didn't get the other R+L=J clues either). I'm lowering my expectations, that way i can only be pleasantly surprised...A final note: if I'm wrong and there will be visions, I want to request an added one: Arya holding armfuls of small golden statues of naked bald men holding swords...
951	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	I'm looking forward to seeing Joffreys arrogance crumble next week ('There's too many of them!' in the preview had me cracking up...)He'll probably be shitting his pants throughout the battle and make an ass of himself when he legs it and causes his troops to rout (if they go down that road) but once the battle is won will be back to his usual smugness and that will be terrible to watch along with the gloating Tyrells alongside him. Please tell me Mace hasn't been cast...
952	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Motionless as a gargoyle, Tyrion Lannister hunched on one knee atop a merlon. Beyond the Mud Gate and the desolation that had once been the fishmarket and wharves , the river itself seemed to have taken fire. Half of StannisÂ<U+0092>s fleet was ablaze, along with most of JoffreyÂ<U+0092>s. The kiss of wildfire turned proud ships into funeral pyres and men into living torches. The air was full of smoke and arrows and screams. Downstream, commoners and highborn captains alike could see the hot green death swirling toward their rafts and carracks and ferries, borne on the current of the Blackwater. The long white oars of the Myrish galleys flashed like the legs of maddened centipedes as they fought to come about, but it was no good. The centipedes had no place to run. A dozen great fires raged under the city walls, where casks of burning pitch had exploded, but the wildfire reduced them to no more than candles in a burning house, their orange and scarlet pennons fluttering insignificantly against the jade holocaust. The low clouds caught the color of the burning river and roofed the sky in shades of shifting green, eerily beautiful. A terrible beauty. Like dragonfire. Tyrion wondered if Aegon the Conqueror had felt like this as he flew above his Field of Fire. The furnace wind lifted his crimson cloak and beat at his bare face, yet he could not turn away. He was dimly aware of the gold cloaks cheering from the hoardings. He had no voice to join them. It was a half victory. It will not be enough. He saw another of the hulks heÂ<U+0092>d stuffed full of King AerysÂ<U+0092>s fickle fruits engulfed by the hungry flames. A fountain of burning jade rose from the river the blast so bright he had to shield his eyes. Plumes of fire thirty and forty feet high danced upon the waters, crackling and hissing. For a few moments they washed out the screams. There were hundreds in the water, drowning or burning or doing a little of both. Do you hear them shrieking, Stannis? Do you see them burning? This is your work as much as mine. Somewhere in that seething mass of men south of the Blackwater, Stannis was watching too, Tyrion knew. HeÂ<U+0092>d never had his brother RobertÂ<U+0092>s thirst for battle. He would command from the rear, from the reserve, much as Lord Tywin Lannister was wont to do. Like as not, he was sitting a warhorse right now, clad in bright armor, his crown upon his head. A crown of red gold, Varys says, its points fashioned in the shapes of flames. Â<U+0093>My ships.Â<U+0094> JoffreyÂ<U+0092>s voice cracked as he shouted up from the wallwalk, where he huddled with his guards behind the ramparts. The golden circlet of kingship adorned his battle helm. Â<U+0093>My KingslanderÂ<U+0092>s burning, Queen Cersei, Loyal Man. Look, thatÂ<U+0092>s Seaflower, there.Â<U+0094> He pointed with his new sword, out to where the green flames were licking at SeaflowerÂ<U+0092>s golden hull and creeping up her oars. Her captain had turned her upriver, but not quickly enough to evade the wildfire. She was doomed, Tyrion knew. There was no other way. If we had not come forth to meet them, Stannis would have sensed the trap. An arrow could be aimed, and a spear, even the stone...That's merely conjecture on Tyrion's part.  Doesnt mean Stannis didnt fight in the battle.
953	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	That's merely conjecture on Tyrion's part. Doesn't mean Stannis didn't fight in the battle.Fair point.But it does show how much Tyrion respected his opponent, his nephewâ<U+0080><U+0099>s uncle, to project Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cunning and caution onto Stannis.
954	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	A final note: if I'm wrong and there will be visions, I want to request an added one: Arya holding armfuls of small golden statues of naked bald men holding swords...For some reason, your vision summoned up Daario Narahisâ<U+0080><U+0099>s twin blades to my depraved mind, a connection Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve never made before.  Thank you.  I think. ; }
955	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Fair point.But it does show how much Tyrion respected his opponent, his nephewÂ<U+0092>s uncle, to project TywinÂ<U+0092>s cunning and caution onto Stannis.That it does.  Stannis deserved respect, tyrion earned in at bob.
956	gmavridis	2012-05-21	Okay, for everyone complaining about Robb and Jeyne let's set a few things straight. Last episode Robb was heading to the Crag to broker a surrender, Catelyn releases Jaime after he killed Torrhen Karstark. Fast forward to this episode, we see Robb, Jeyne and a group of soldiers traveling somewhere, outriders are sent to bring Robb back to his camp because the Kingslayer is released, Robb goes to his camp, yells at Catelyn, bones Jeyne, realizes he is in love. My guess is that Robb has yet to go to the Crag and Tarlisa will still reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling before going to the Crag to broker a surrender/marriage.Your guess is the only way to save some of the original story. Still the beauty of Tywin's plot is not served unless Tywin and Jeyne's mother forsaw that Robb would fall for a lovely girl that cuts off legs in his camp!!!!
957	Grail King	2012-05-21	Well, I've never said that Talisa has something to do with Asha. They're completely different, we agree on this. But just try to imagine Oona Chaplin (and not the character Talisa she's playing right now) as Asha. And tell me if you don't find her more convincing that Jemma Whelan.Too thin, Iron born are rough and weathered, can handle both ships and swords, Oona makes a fine high born or nurse, septa but not a warrior type.This isn't saying she isn't hot but she ain't no sea borne hellcat
958	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	(By the way HBO, when Jaqen sheds his face, could you please send it over here for my husband to borrow for a bit? That would compensate nicely for the lack of a certain bath-scene...)Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re killing me!  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hilarious. Thank you again. I now know why I have never like Stannis. He is not a cat person.Aye, but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a dog person.  With spicy barbecue sauce, no less.You know, Tolkien wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a cat person, either. Consider the precursor to Sauron, Tevildo Prince of Cats, in that very early version of the tale of TinAoviel which  Tolkien wrote nearly 100 years ago. Check out the giant cat guards. Even later, his legendarium featured the fabled cats of Queen BerAothiel:She had nine black cats and one white, her slaves, with whom she conversed, or read their memories, setting them to discover all the dark secrets of Gondor, so that she knew those things â<U+0080>that men wish most to keep hiddenâ<U+0080><U+0099>, setting the white cat to spy upon the black, and tormenting them. No man in Gondor dared touch them; all were afraid of them, and cursed when they saw them pass.Pretty sure Tolkien was a dog person, too.  Martin, well, Martin I think rather likes cats, but I may be wrong. In Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own legendarium, there are plenty of felines of good repute, including Tommenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sweet kittens Ser Pounce, Lady Whiskers, and Boots; Princess Rhaenysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fierce kitten Balerion; and of course Cat of the Canalsâ<U+0080><U+0099> cadre of cats who trail after her cart, including that very special cat into whose skin she was wont to slip.Consider in contrast Haggonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s imprecation against Varymyr  slipping into the skin of a feline. Well, youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d expect as much from a warg, but weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen little evidence that Haggon the Horribleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s warnings were reasonable, or respectable.  He was only a â<U+0080><U+009C>hedge wargâ<U+0080><U+009D>, after all, and never a greenseer. Perhaps someone who knows Martin will correct me, but I think he rather likes these critters. Which is fine by me.
959	Dacie	2012-05-21	I really liked this episode. 
Stannis talking about the siege at Storms End was perfect, my favorite part of the show.
I think the outdoor scenery was especially beautiful; the river where Jaime and Brienne escape, Robb and Talisa's walk, and the outdoor shots of Kings Landing all stood out to me.
960	Smooth	2012-05-21	The show is the show and the book is the book,I understand that. They butchered this though. I'm really getting tired of this reinvented story, because it's not better. I'm struggling to think of one scene from this episode that was actually the same. I had absolutely no problem with season 1. Season 2 is a complete disaster as far as I'm concerned.
961	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Too thin, Iron born are rough and weathered, can handle both ships and swords, Oona makes a fine high born or nurse, septa but not a warrior type. This isn't saying she isn't hot but she ain't no sea borne hellcatIâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve always thought of the Ironborn as thinnish.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not like theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re well fed, eh?If we assume that HBO keeps going with the series â<U+0080><U+0094> and we must assume that, or all is lost â<U+0080><U+0094> then Asha has so much more to do â<U+0080><U+0094> at least, once they get past Storm, that is. AYsahraa   doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t i¬gure into Storm at all. Will the showrunners really let Gemma Whelan go for two years before having her back? What can she be doing in the meantime?  Will they pull forward some her story elements from Feast and Dance into any of the fourth or even the third season, rather than waiting for a possible i¬fth season?  I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see them putting Ali¬e Allenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Theon on a two-year hiatus, so perhaps they wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do so with his sister either?Has anyone ever seen the actress who plays AYsahraa  â<U+0080><U+0094> Gemma Whelan â<U+0080><U+0094> acting in anything else? How are her acting chops? She seems somewhat single-noted so far in this show, but that could just be the material sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been given so far. I sure do hope she has the staying power for her Feast and Storm parts.
962	Grail King	2012-05-21	How many folks had this complaint last season? Not as many as this season I gather . .. They have changed the nature. I don't care about Talisa or Jeyne, I don't care about Ygritte have better teeth than I have in the 21st century, I don't care about Shae, I don't care about Bronn being head of the Gold Cloaks, or Melisandre being skinny and not curvylicious, The reality is that when you have something so essential as the development of a relationship between Jon and the Halfhand, and something as essential as the black rage and utter despair of Robb and Cat after she hears that Bran and Rickon are slaughtered, you start to lose the nature of the story, the nature of the drama. Halfhand's death will seem pointless as Jon is already questioning his vows to the watch thanks to some booty shaking by Ygritte (who looks flawless for a wilding woman), and it seems like Cat was just a selfish weasel. Not a mother who had nothing left, a dead husband, 2 dead children, and was all in for her girls . .. it harms the nature of the story. I will admit and will take chastening for my whining earlier this month, you are correct, I need to read ACOK and shut up. But not this time, this was WRONG, this was GARBAGE, this had me furious because it makes the Starks look like selfish jerks. Right now the Lannisters look more noble and trustworthy than the Starks . . .I'm not one to complain on book adaptations but who ever was responsible for the Cat,Robb and Westerling portion never did their homework so on this scene I agree with these complaints.The writer has/had no clue of the makeup of this part of the story.JMHO
963	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	I am really delighted with Stephen Dillaneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Stannis in this episode.  This is the Stannis of the books brought alive by Stephenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s command of the craft.  Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099>s chemistry with Davos is so great here.  Liam Cunningham was always on the money with his interpretation of Davos, but it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t till this episode that Stannis clicked. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m so glad both of these characters will be with us for a long, long time.
964	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Perhaps someone who knows Martin will correct me, but I think he rather likes these critters. Which is fine by me.Well he for sure isn't a Dog person! xD Just watch every single dog that ever appears in the series - bad things happen to almost all of them in a way that is simply grotesque. The dog violence is often grittier and more gory than the human violence, which says a lot, I think.
965	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Remember that interview with the actor who portrays Renly, Gethin Anthony, when he said that the horses were tough to deal with?  He said how you only saw people on horseback, not getting on nor especially getting off, because it was always an unfilmably clumsy/embarrassing ordeal requiring a lot of help?Well, weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve now seen Charles Danceâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Tywin doing both things.  We saw him dismounting his horse when he first got to Harrenhall, and now weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen him mounting one two.  I thought his moves looked completely natural both times.  I was especially impressed with his arrival, when he dismounted like a real trooper.Which I suppose is just what he is.  A real veteran, and a true actor.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s done all this before, many many times, and it shows. Bravo! Some things you just canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t fake convincingly. Charles Dance is Tywin Lannister.  And we have two more seasons of him.  Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait!
966	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Well he for sure isn't a Dog person! xD Just watch every single dog that ever appears in the series - bad things happen to almost all of them in a way that is simply grotesque. The dog violence is often grittier and more gory than the human violence, which says a lot, I think.Perhaps thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another point in favour of his being a cat person. Hm.Speaking of cats, I just love BIG cats.  Wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it be way cool if Jon or Bran were to add a shadowcat to their growing menagerie, or Arya a lion?  Yowza!
967	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Glad to see that Tyrion listened to my complaints about Bronn not wearing a gold cloak per his rank and station. ; }What do you mean rank?  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the pig-shit, of course. ; }
968	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	How come the Nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Watch out in the snow showed no white breaths? I thought Kit Harrington said it was forty below zero!  Sure, it probably wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t quite that bad all the time, but I saw no white breath at all, and you get that well warmer than forty below.
969	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Because they prefer to pitch and not to catchFunny, I thought Satin had proven his versatility. Talented lad, that one. A real professional.
970	bardgal	2012-05-21	The fact that Robb marries Jeyne has no consequence in the show/books at all.uhmm.....I'd call the RW a pretty big "consequence."
971	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Remember that interview with the actor who portrays Renly, Gethin Anthony, when he said that the horses were tough to deal with? He said how you only saw people on horseback, not getting on nor especially getting off, because it was always an unfilmably clumsy/embarrassing ordeal requiring a lot of help? Well, weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve now seen Charles Danceâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Tywin doing both things. We saw him dismounting his horse when he first got to Harrenhall, and now weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen him mounting one two. I thought his moves looked completely natural both times. I was especially impressed with his arrival, when he dismounted like a real trooper. Which I suppose is just what he is. A real veteran, and a true actor. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s done all this before, many many times, and it shows. Bravo! Some things you just canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t fake convincingly. Charles Dance is Tywin Lannister. And we have two more seasons of him. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait!Huzzah for Charles Dance! Did you see that interview where he explains he learned how to skin that animal in just a day? It would've been rather disastrous if he'd messed that up and they had to start again, but he's Charles Dance - he doesn't mess up.
972	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	You have to figure that whatever the horn left with the dragonglass cache really does, it is especially good use against the Others.  And not for blowing down the Wall, mind you.Its continued presence in the film adapatation tells us it must be Important with a capital I, or else theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d not have bothered.Curiouser and curiouser, quoth Alice.
973	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Huzzah for Charles Dance! Did you see that interview where he explains he learned how to skin that animal in just a day? It would've been rather disastrous if he'd messed that up and they had to start again, but he's Charles Dance - he doesn't mess up.And wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t that the most endearing scene to first meet Tywin? Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re right on that one: heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a real pro, and a quick study.  But I bet they still had a scratch venison on hand just in case.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 06:01 PM.
974	Ghost714	2012-05-21	I am really delighted with Stephen DillaneÂ<U+0092>s Stannis in this episode.  This is the Stannis of the books brought alive by StephenÂ<U+0092>s command of the craft.  StannisÂ<U+0092>s chemistry with Davos is so great here.  Liam Cunningham was always on the money with his interpretation of Davos, but it wasnÂ<U+0092>t till this episode that Stannis clicked. IÂ<U+0092>m so glad both of these characters will be with us for a long, long time.Every since I first saw Stephen Dillane as Stannis, I thought he was perfect. That is exactly how I pictured Stannis in the books, and the actor is doing an amazing job. If anything has been lacking for Stannis so far, I think it's the writing, and not the acting. So I definitely agree with you there, it just clicked much earlier for me, that he was the perfect Stannis.Same goes for Liam Cunningham as Davos, I loved Liam from other characters he has played, and when I found out he was playing Davos, I was very pleased. After actually seeing him play Davos, I was just that much happier, because he truly rocks the part.On another note, I really liked the scenery in this episode. When Tyrion and Varys were walking the walls, I thought that scene was awesome visually. Getting to see both the castles to the right and left of where they were standing was awesome. Tyrions line about all gods being "such vicious cunts" was hilarious. Where is the god of tits and wine?I really wanted to smack Joffrey when he was talking all cocky about going out to fight Stannis, and giving him "a red smile from ear to ear". I can't wait for next weeks "there's to many". Bronn looked pretty cool in the dark shooting that flaming arrow, I imagine that was him lighting the Wildfire. Glad they are giving him something that important to do, considering he won't be able to be in charge of operating Tyrion's chain boon.
975	Ghost714	2012-05-21	You have to figure that whatever the horn left with the dragonglass cache really does, it is especially good use against the Others.  And not for blowing down the Wall, mind you.Its continued presence in the film adapatation tells us it must be Important with a capital I, or else theyÂ<U+0092>d not have bothered.Curiouser and curiouser, quoth Alice.I agree. The writers have some extra information from GRRM, so when they had them find the horn under some old school First Men rock carvings, I definitely got the idea that it was important. I have always thought that horn was the horn of Joramun, and after seeing that scene, it only furthered my belief. In the books, it's less dramatic, with more of an emphasis on who put it there(Coldhands). In the show, they said it had been there for a long time etc, and with the First Men rock carvings, there was more of an emphasis on the importance of what was in that cache(the horn). So I definitely think that was the horn of Joramun, and they wanted to make it seem more important, so people would remember it for later. In the books, the horn was full of dirt, and it was old and cracked, unable to make sound. I could be wrong, but in the show the horn looked old, but clean and well kept, not broken at all.
976	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Bronn looked pretty cool in the dark shooting that flaming arrow, I imagine that was him lighting the Wildfire. Glad they are giving him something that important to do, considering he won't be able to be in charge of operating Tyrion's chain boon.I havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t heard any fat lady singing; have you?
977	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	I wonder whether Tabithaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brother caught greyscale from the Rhoyne?Well ok, Talissa not Tabitha.  But thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s definitely an element of El Amor Brujo here, so Tabitha fits.  Watch her nose: it twinkles when she lies.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 21 May 2012 - 06:24 PM.
978	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-21	Ran, we must have a different sense of humor because I thought that Archmaester Châ<U+0080><U+0099>Vyalthan bit was hilarious. Joke's on every fantasy novel author, ever.
979	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	[size=2]Until now I was hoping they will engineer a disclosure scene for Jeyne Westerling so the real beauty of Tywin's plot would not be lost.I also don't get why people want Talisa anything other than she appears to be. Because it is a different character than in the book?gmavridis has the right of it, at least in part.  Tywin's plotting with the Westerlings and Walder Frey was a masterful example of Tywin's brilliance, ruthlessness, and power- echoing his "dishonorable" means for taking KL in Robert's rebellion- and it seems this will all be lost without Robb's marriage to Jeyne Westerling.  Is it "necessary" for the plot or characterization?  No, but it's badass and intelligent and it's a shame to miss out on it.what a great image, when Varys and Tyrion talk about the dragons, with the flames on the foreground...Yeah, loved that bit.I'm starting to fear it is to give her something to do IN the House of the Undying, INSTEAD of walking around having visions... If I think about it more, that makes sense. They have left everything that is dreams, visions or prophecy out, except when it is for Bran (where it is quite obviously very necessary). So why would they include those from the House? Showing the RW without giving too much away is difficult, the vision of Rhaegar has no immediate part in the storylines so far (and we didn't get the other R+L=J clues either). I'm lowering my expectations, that way i can only be pleasantly surprised...Same thoughts here.Remember that interview with the actor who portrays Renly, Gethin Anthony, when he said that the horses were tough to deal with? He said how you only saw people on horseback, not getting on nor especially getting off, because it was always an unfilmably clumsy/embarrassing ordeal requiring a lot of help? Well, weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve now seen Charles Danceâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Tywin doing both things. We saw him dismounting his horse when he first got to Harrenhall, and now weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen him mounting one two. I thought his moves looked completely natural both times. I was especially impressed with his arrival, when he dismounted like a real trooper. Which I suppose is just what he is. A real veteran, and a true actor. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s done all this before, many many times, and it shows. Bravo! Some things you just canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t fake convincingly. Charles Dance is Tywin Lannister. And we have two more seasons of him. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> On this we can agree.  Brilliantly cast.  Don't know if you care for this sort of thing but his portrayal of Tulkinghorn in the BBC Bleak House production is even better.  Scary as hell.Every since I first saw Stephen Dillane as Stannis, I thought he was perfect. That is exactly how I pictured Stannis in the books, and the actor is doing an amazing job. If anything has been lacking for Stannis so far, I think it's the writing, and not the acting. So I definitely agree with you there, it just clicked much earlier for me, that he was the perfect Stannis. Same goes for Liam Cunningham as Davos...When Tyrion and Varys were walking the walls, I thought that scene was awesome visually. Getting to see both the castles to the right and left of where they were standing was awesome.Spot on, all of it.
980	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-21	Well he for sure isn't a Dog person! xD Just watch every single dog that ever appears in the series - bad things happen to almost all of them in a way that is simply grotesque. The dog violence is often grittier and more gory than the human violence, which says a lot, I think.As a dog person who admires cats, I have noticed that GRRM does have a tendency to do very unpleasant things to dogs. There are two other works by him that I don't reread because of it.  I don't think he's much kinder to cats in AGOT; yes, Tommen loves kittens, and Balerion the kitten survived, but the description of Joffrey's torture of the kitchen cat in retrospect is ghastly.  And two out of five Stark direwolves - the biggest, baddest canids of all - died violently; though it can be argued that the fates of Lady and Grey Wind are plot-directed.I'm not optimistic for the long lives of Ramsey's "girls"; which is kinda sad, because they don't seem to be particularly vicious dogs, they just do what Ramsey has trained them to do, track and hunt.  They're actually quite friendly to Theon-Reek.  I would imagine that at least one or two of Tommen's kittens will survive, though.  It wouldn't surprise me to learn that GRRM is either indifferent to dogs or dislikes them; but that may not be the case, he just may be a total cat person.  He has cats, right?
981	Warden of the North121	2012-05-21	Am I the only who feels like they'll have a ton to cram into the season finale given how all of episode 9 is devoted to Blackwater/KL?
982	Arkash	2012-05-21	I like how they used the words 'baby brother" twice in the episode.
I also like the little tribute to first episode about the bravery of a frightened man.
983	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-21	I'm sorry but that's one of the main problems I have with this episode, because honestly it makes Tywin look like a fool. All those past episodes I though he knew who she was and just kept her around that way for his own specific reasons that were supposed to revealed later, and I was thrilled to see where this was going. Yet now? Tywin realizes she's a highborn northern girl, yet make no move whatsoever to find out who she is? How many northern girls are running around in a war, I ask you? How come she was able to be captured when the Lannisters haven't even breached northern territory? How come that nobody told Tywin that Amory Lorch chased Arya five minutes before he got murdered? The show also lets Tywin assume he was the target of the murder where the way the killing happened clearly suggests he isn't (Lorch drops dead into his room with the dart already in his neck) Tywin just appears to be big idiot instead of smart strategist. Way to ruin a role, imo.It is a shame that the writers couldn't figure out a better finish to the Tywin/Arya relationship, especially since they dreamed it up in the first place.  I did enjoy the chemistry between the characters and the actors; but what was it all for? Tywin to toss his favorite cupbearer to the Mountain as a housewarming gift?  I guess Tywin wasn't as smart as we thought he was?  If Tywin thought the cute cupbearer was as special as he seemed to during the past few episodes, why wouldn't he take her with him?  Or was he just bored, and found that the clever girl was the only one capable of interesting conversation in Harrenhal, but did not find her interesting enough to bring back to King's Landing?  Tywin did not, after all, ever address her by name.Maybe the writers will reveal, in the next two episodes, that Tywin did figure out that the cupbearer was Arya and had parked her in Harrenhal with instructions to Gregor to keep her safe and under control; but of course had not anticipated Arya's Get-Out-of-Jail-Free card with Jaquen Haqar.  It's a bit murky; but so far the conclusion to the Tywin/Arya arc was sadly underwhelming.  I did enjoy Tywin's masterful leavetaking of Harrenhal, with horses and red-cloaked Lannister troops.
984	Caro99	2012-05-21	i liked all the King's Landing scenes, and this was the first episode that made me like asha. overall it was a good episode, since i could feel the anticipation from tyrion and cersei and varys and bronn about the up.coming epic battle... is it sunday yet??!
985	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Am I the only who feels like they'll have a ton to cram into the season finale given how all of episode 9 is devoted to Blackwater/KL?No, I think so, too.  I posted a big long list of these things upthread somewhere, if you can find it. They have two major elements they need to complete: the House of the Undying and the Sack of Winterfell.  They also have a heaping megaton of denouement to get through, plus a few problems of their own creation, like Chekovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Treasure Vault.
986	redriver	2012-05-21	Anyone else want to see a show where Bronn, Tyrion, and Varys drive around the country in a van solving mysteries? Anyone? Because I would pay cash money for that.Read this 12 hours ago,and I'm still laughing. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
987	Morrigan	2012-05-21	Think it's funny how people apologize for the terribad Dany storyline by saying it "spices things up" and "gives her something to do", when absolutely nothing happened and they're just dragging things along. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
988	johnnysd	2012-05-21	I generally don't complain about the show's changes (I actually prefer some of them- e.g. the new and improve Qarth story), but I'm a little troubleed / concerned about a few: 1. No mention of Tyrion's giant chain? How will there be a Blackwater without the chain? Even if it's there, the build-up to the chain was one of the best parts of ACoK, and it really showed Tyrion's brilliance. 2. I didn't like Cat setting Jaime free before hearing of Bran and Rickon. It was the supposed death of her two sons that spurred her to free Jaime in the book. Freeing him before hearing of their deaths doesn't make as much sense. It seems out of character. Her act in the book was pure desparation. Here, there was no basis for such a rash act. 3. Why make Jeyne from Volantis?I think that Catelyns actions in the series are more desparate and make even more sense than in the books, TBH
989	Triskan	2012-05-21	Hey, American viewers.
In case it hadn't occurred to you yet, you have the day after Blackwater off for Memorial Day.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
What will you be drinking?
990	legba11	2012-05-21	Yes. As an earlier post mentioned, what's the point of turning her into some random foreigner?? I don't think it's at all true to character for Jeyne to be complicit in Robb's betrayal, but that would at least be better than some wandering nurse from Volantis. And for reals he's not at all worried about how this woman got to his camp, how she supports herself or WHO supports her and this brilliant military strategist has no qualms about sharing all this sensitive information with this strange, unsubstantiated girl? And to throw everything away on her not out of grief and guilt over his brothers but because he's on the outs with Mommy and the girl's brother almost died once when they were kids??? And while I'm at it, the Halfhand would never get captured. Period. And I don't think book Ygritte's nearly as smart as TV Ygritte, who's clearly already figured out what Qhorin's planning, though Jon probably hasn't, b/c TV Jon is a buffoon.Quorin gets caught by the Wildlings in the book.I don't see how anybody can think any of the episodes are boring. Most people call me a purist(even though I have like many of the changes, as long as they are done well), and even if I wish the show was more true to the book, I would never say any of the episodes are boring. No matter what, source material aside, it's still a good show. I watch every episode three times, and I have done the same with this episode, and not one episode on any of my rewatches, has ever been boring(and I have seen a lot of the episodes even more than three times).Heh, me a purist, I think I got the term rolling here /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I like most of the changes they make.  I didn't like not having Weasel Soup because it was my favorite part of the books and it was replaced with a very bland escape scene.  After weeks of some of the best television I've seen in years, Arya leaves Harrenhal with a whimper. (her death #3 scene with Jaquen was perfect to be fair)I watched the episode again with a non-reader. Rethoughts:It probably wasn't as bad as I first thought, but still the worst episode I can remember, and I don't think I'm moving off my 4/10.My mind had forgotten some of the better scenes.  Theon and Yara was great and a perfect example of how to give a meaningful backstory.  Such contrast to the drawn out, meaningless story told by Not-Jeyne.Stannis/ Davos was better than I credited it.Overall the problem still exists that this episode was pretty much meaningless filler. (and several of these filler moments were just awful scenes). What really happened in this episode?  Two weeks of mostly filler and buildup. (Especially with the mediocre job done last week on the fake killing of BR).  I don't understand how they can waste so much time in the series, when they don't have time for things which would be great to see.  I can't think of anything which has happened in the past two episodes which couldn't have been simply cut or compressed into another episode.  That's not to say I regret having watched them, there are still some scenes worth watching (more so last week than this week), but these episodes just seem such wastes when they seem to not have time for other things.
991	Gran de Lys	2012-05-21	Hey, American viewers. In case it hadn't occurred to you yet, you have the day after Blackwater off for Memorial Day. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> What will you be drinking?A light Arbor gold.Can anyone tell me who Theon's Bronn-looking right-hand nastyman is in the book?
992	Grimwolfe	2012-05-21	The way i see them ending this series is either going to be;
1) ramsay sacking winterfell with Theon geting knocked to the ground/out "burn it all!"
2) Jon killing halfhand to join the wildings OR jon arriving at mance's camp
3) Dany entering the house of the undying OR burning it down.
considering majority of the budget went into blackwater though, my bet would be on Ramsay showing up at winterfell
also in regards to the chain, from what it looked like in the preview it seems like they've coated the water in wildfire and Bronn shoots a flaming arrow into it to ignite tje water and the ships. But thats just my assumption, could just be Bronn shooting someone /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
993	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	I didn't like not having Weasel Soup because it was my favorite part of the books and it was replaced with a very bland escape scene. After weeks of some of the best television I've seen in years, Arya leaves Harrenhal with a whimper. (her death #3 scene with Jaquen was perfect to be fair) I watched the episode again with a non-reader. Rethoughts: It probably wasn't as bad as I first thought, but still the worst episode I can rememberPrecisely which non-existent set of northern forces that werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t being held there as prisoners were you expecting Arya to bust out so they could take over Harranhall?
994	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	Precisely which non-existent set of northern forces that werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t being held there as prisoners were you expecting Arya to bust out so they could take over Harranhall?Well, they could have added some Northern forces for Arya to try and free, and used that time to spare us any more Robb Talisa scenes. Yeah, the whole Roose takeover was confusing in the books and would have been very difficult on the show, but they could have come up with something.
995	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Can anyone tell me who Theon's Bronn-looking right-hand nastyman is in the book?Reek v2.0
996	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	Well, they could have added some Northern forces for Arya to try and free, and used that time to spare us any more Robb Talisa scenes. Yeah, the whole Roose takeover was confusing in the books and would have been very difficult on the show, but they could have come up with something.They did come up with something!Similarly with Robb.  They needed to do all that. The uxor ex machina bullshit in the book would have gone over like a lead balloon.  It would have been justly ridiculed. What they did was much better.
997	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	The way i see them ending this seriesWe already known how it ends: with Bran exiting the crypt.
998	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	I have totally drunk the Kool-aid.  I think Dagmar is Ramsay.  The mentions by Roose of his Bastard and sending him to Winterfell are misdirection, to make it more surprising when a crapload of Northern troops show up and the audience gets excited and think that Winterfell is saved and then they start taking orders from Dagmar and he tells them to burn the whole place to the ground and they kill everybody, Winterfellians and Iron Islanders and Maester Luwin and seemingly Theon.  And then they identify him in some way as Roose's bastard, probably with a sort of dorky bit of dialogue.  I don't know about the actors real ages, but I think i can buy Dagmar as looking like he could be Roose's son onscreen.  Does it make sense?  Not really.  But I'm convinced.
999	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-21	Here is my guess of how the show will unfold...
Talisa is Jeyne.  It will be revealed by her when they marry.  That's when he Mom makes another deal, to make sure the Red Wedding takes place.  Jeyne/Talisa has no part in that.  She is in it with Roose, right now, she updates Tywin for him.  They give each other sneaky looks whenever they go in and out of the tent...knowing looks.  She isn't recognized in the Crag because she has a list of items she needs from her Maester, who is probably not going to spill who she is...that or she never leaves camp.  The story she gives isn't hers, it's her Grandmas.  No Weasel soup is needed, because Roose gets to take Harrenhall without incident, since he and Tywin are already together in this.  He holds Harrenhall until Winterfell falls.  Roose keeps mentiong Ramsay, because that is part of the plan.  He needs to take Winterfell, it's the seat promised to him by Tywin.
					
					
							Edited by chickenly, 21 May 2012 - 10:19 PM.
1000	Howdyphillip	2012-05-21	Just a side note...
I wonder what the Vegas odds were that after 8 episodes in we wouldn't have seen Emilia Clark (Dannerys), or Esme Bianco (Ros) naked?
I would have lost my house.
1001	WhiteRider	2012-05-21	Obviously there was no mention of Tyrion's chain. However, did anyone notice the clanking sounds in the background during his scene with Bronn/Varys? It is very apparent at the start and somewhat noticeable towards the end. Wasn't there something in the books about the sound of the chain being made a constant noise throughout the city?
Maybe it was because I was anticipating seeing or hearing discussion of the chain, but it was the first thing I thought of when I heard that noise. Is there an obvious explanation for it/does anyone else hear it?
1002	Triskan	2012-05-21	Fuck.  I hate the possibility, but Dagmar did sort of kill Ser Rodrick in a roundabout way by all but forcing Theon to do it. 
Maybe it will be handled well, but for now, Do Not Want. 
And it's not because the guy playing Dagmar isn't doing a good job.  It's just that I want to know fear like never before the first time I see The Bastard.
1003	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-21	an anyone tell me who Theon's Bronn-looking right-hand nastyman is in the book?He is Dagmer Cleftjaw.
1004	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Quorin gets caught by the Wildlings in the book.Been ages since I read it, but I remembered Jon and the Halfhand being cornered with no way out, not ever exactly captured.  Could be wrong, though.
1005	Istari	2012-05-21	What's holding me back from the Dagmar = Ramsay theory is that he is hanging around the Iron Islands when we first encounter him 
I don't know how they can contort Dagmar's presence at Pyke into something not ridiculous - realistically he wouldn't just be 'at Pyke', nor would he have known that the Greyjoys were orchestrating attacks against the North (and subsequently iravel from the Dreadfort to Pyke in time to fuck shit up)
Considering some of the changes made for the show, my guess is that Ramsay will take Winterfell sans the Reek impersonation
edit: grammar
					
					
							Edited by istari, 21 May 2012 - 10:48 PM.
1006	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	I hope you're right!  I was just thinking about the Dagmar=Ramsay theory and all of a sudden it all started to make sense to me.  But I would rather Dagmar wasn't Ramsay in the end.
1007	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-21	Oh, Christ, please stop! He IS NOT Ramsay! Seven hells on the dude who started this /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Roose even said it again this episode "my bastard is close and blablabla" and also, there are no crows left at Winterfell, do you think this is freaking Harry Potter so that he could send, i dunno, a bloody magical buttefly to his Dagsay? Jesus.
1008	Ghost714	2012-05-22	Oh, Christ, please stop! He IS NOT Ramsay! Seven hells on the dude who started this /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Roose even said it again this episode "my bastard is close and blablabla" and also, there are no crows left at Winterfell, do you think this is freaking Harry Potter so that he could send, i dunno, a bloody magical buttefly to his Dagsay? Jesus.I agree.Balon Greyjoy went through a lot of trouble to make sure nobody could leave the Iron Islands once they got there, because he didn't want anybody to know he was gathering his forces for an attack. Yet people just think Ramsey happened to be there, knowing that Balon would attack, and knowing that Theon would turn his cloak.... Yeah, I am not buying it. How would Ramsey know to be there? Dagmer is Theon's first mate, So if he is Ramsey, how are we to believe that all these other Ironborn would take orders from some guy they have never met or heard of? Furthermore, how would the other Ironborn with Theon not notice someone who is not Ironborn, surely they would be able to tell? Theon doesn't completely act Ironborn, but everyone knows him as Balon's son and Asha/Yara's brother, so it's not a problem. That's not the case with Dagmer. Also, Dagmer is in his 40's, and he looks it. Roose is also in his mid to late 40's in the books, but even if they make him a little older for the show, at most, he can't be much over 50. So are we to believe that Roose had Ramsey when he was 7-10 years old??? Come on people.So not only would it not make sense for Ramsey to be Dagmer, but it would also be a huge let down, because nothing about Dagmer screams the evilness that should be Ramsey. If Dagmer ends up being Ramsey, then that physical and mental portrayal of Ramsey might even be worse than the physical and mental portrayal of Asha, that we get from this Yara. Yara has been my biggest disappointment of the whole season, she is all wrong for Asha, so for me to say that Dagmer being Ramsey might be worse, that's saying something.
1009	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-22	Sorry, not crows, RAVENS. English is not my first language so I tend to get confused with these details.
1010	Qwop22	2012-05-22	All I can say is the preview for episode 19 was epic. I really hope they make the Battle of Blackwater epic. 
The only question that remains is...WILL THERE BE A CHAIN!? Seriously, the whole time Tyrion and Varys were talking while looking out at the sea all I could think was how awesome it would be to see a big chain hanging from one wall to the other across the channel. The way the scene was shot almost seemed like they were hinting at it. They kept using angles on either side of Tyrion and Varys, clearly showing the narrow channel between the city. Also, I thought for sure Tyrion was going to mention the chain when Bronn and Him were sitting inside and Tyrion was reading war books. When Varys asked Tyrion what they have got to defend mud gate once Stannis arrives Tyrion looks at Bronn and says "Pig shit". Is this suppose to be a hint at the chain?
1011	MaximusDecimus	2012-05-22	Well I believe that no way that, while Dagmer has no chance of being Ramsay, that he will have an active part in the sack of winterfell, probably opening the gates to ramsay or something like that. It would be a nice scene for somewhere near the end of episode 10. It would still be along the lines of "Theon is responsible for his own downfall for trusting visibly evil people", and would be a nice way to NOT show Ramsay while still letting him be known by the audience, letting him be cast only later, probably in season 4-5.
As for the Reeds, it sads my heart but that scene where the Meister met with Osha practically sealed their faiths as never appearing in the show for me. They will probably replace them both by Osha (since she already replaced Jojen in an earlier scene) and have the Meister leave with Rickon, never to be seen again. Probably the saddest part missing from the books, since the Reeds are among my (and many others) favorites, including Howland, that has yet to appear but is already a great character.
1012	KnightsOfDany	2012-05-22	I think this was a good episode, one that had a purpose to set up next weeks sure to be a Blockbuster episode.
Im impartial on the Robb stuff, he was a background character in the books and i understand why the producers wanted him to have screen time with the Starks being the most popular house. So let them have there cliche romance and i dont care they changed Jeyne either.
Good to see all the stuff North of the Wall is going in the prescribed location so im happy with that. The scenes in Kings Landing were amazing, i always loved the Joy to Ashes quote /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. I would love to see Stannis put a smile on Joff's face.
Alas young Arya, i would have loved to see the Weasel Soup go down but time is short and they need to get her story moving forward instead of setting up new characters, having the northmen captured ect. ect. Im learning to enjoy the show without crying about stuff they missed in the book its a good stand alone.
Qarthian Quicky, Jorah pulled a dagger on Dany as she brushed his cheek poor bear.
1013	Ghost714	2012-05-22	Just a side note...I wonder what the Vegas odds were that after 8 episodes in we wouldn't have seen Emilia Clark (Dannerys), or Esme Bianco (Ros) naked?I would have lost my house.Your post had me worried that all the trolls were going to start posting the bs about how "Emilia Clarke had a no nudity clause put into her contract for season two". Thankfully, so far there has not been any of them yet, because they are getting old. Has Ros really not been nude in any of the episodes for season two? She has been in so many pointless scenes, I would have thought she would have been naked for some of them. Not that I am complaining.I am a bit confused by your post though, you kind of make it sound like its a good thing Emilia Clarke has not been in any nude scenes this season. I could careless with Ros, but I am all for any nude Dany scenes, I mean come on, it's Emilia Clarke.... Its funny though, it does seem like Emilia Clarke was nude in a lot of episodes for season one, but if I am not mistaken, she was only actually nude in three different episodes. She just had quite a bit of nude scenes for the first episode, but all her nude scenes actually had a point. They were actually pretty important to the scene, to show what Daenerys had to go through. With Ros, not so much.
1014	rmholt	2012-05-22	Remember that interview with the actor who portrays Renly, Gethin Anthony, when he said that the horses were tough to deal with? He said how you only saw people on horseback, not getting on nor especially getting off, because it was always an unfilmably clumsy/embarrassing ordeal requiring a lot of help? Well, weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve now seen Charles Danceâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Tywin doing both things. We saw him dismounting his horse when he first got to Harrenhall, and now weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen him mounting one two. I thought his moves looked completely natural both times. I was especially impressed with his arrival, when he dismounted like a real trooper. Which I suppose is just what he is. A real veteran, and a true actor. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s done all this before, many many times, and it shows. Bravo! Some things you just canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t fake convincingly. Charles Dance is Tywin Lannister. And we have two more seasons of him. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait!I found the deer skinning scene!  It was in GoT and was actually Randall Tarly explaining Samwell's new found desire to serve the Wall.  It worked for Tywin talking to Jaime too.
1015	rmholt	2012-05-22	I agree. The writers have some extra information from GRRM, so when they had them find the horn under some old school First Men rock carvings, I definitely got the idea that it was important. I have always thought that horn was the horn of Joramun, and after seeing that scene, it only furthered my belief. In the books, it's less dramatic, with more of an emphasis on who put it there(Coldhands). In the show, they said it had been there for a long time etc, and with the First Men rock carvings, there was more of an emphasis on the importance of what was in that cache(the horn). So I definitely think that was the horn of Joramun, and they wanted to make it seem more important, so people would remember it for later. In the books, the horn was full of dirt, and it was old and cracked, unable to make sound. I could be wrong, but in the show the horn looked old, but clean and well kept, not broken at all.It was broken and worthless and consigned to an upcycled life as a drinking horn.
1016	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-22	One person's "nitpick" over "trivia" is another person's criticism about cliched writing or internal inconsistencies with the changes that were made if you're going to make them. . . .
That being said, liked Yara better in this episdoe.  She's looking like her father rather than the character in the book's description.  It works on TV.  Liked her dialogue, including her very brief moment of sentimentality, couched, as it was, in a tale of a colicky baby she wanted to strangle.  But before that she was pretty clear why even she would wash her hands of him.
LOL moments with Tyrion and Varys, Tyrion and Bronn, and the three of them together.  Thank goodness it didn't get campy or sitcom-y.
Liked Stannis' monologue.  I generally like the Stannis character and his motivation (he has the better claim), except for killing his own brother.
1017	Arawni	2012-05-22	Even if it hadn't been for Lord Frey marrying such a small house would have been stupid. Marrying Asha in exchange for the North and support to get her on the throne of Pyke, on the other hand... Now there's a killer move. Shame Robb, such a shame! So a fool he is, but a 15-year old fool who had a lot (far too many) burdens to carry at that and still did admirably at least on the field of battle, of course. Wow. I never thought about marriage scenario with Asha, but you're spot on there, THAT would've been a killer move! And I do like show's Asha/Yara so it would've been great to see them interact as a married couple.I don't think Balon would have been happy because he seems like a guy he wants thing to be done HIS way even though result might be the same (having offspring as a king/queen). But having ironborn as a queen in the north and then her children as King/princes/princesses - that sounds awesome and like a dream come true for ironborns. And think if Asha would have fought with Robb instead of against him! Gaaah, missed opportunities!
1018	rmholt	2012-05-22	Â<U+00BF>CA3mo? You no speaka me linguage, hombre!\one never knows if a joke has FAILED because the writer made too large of a leap, the joke wasnt funny or the reader is messing with ye
1019	Leuf	2012-05-22	My guess is it's Lancel that tries to kill Tyrion next ep rather than a kingsguard.  I think I saw a shot of him fighting in the preview.  I still think Bronn is going to die too.
This season is driving me nuts:
Episode 6:
Qhorin: Tell me true, if your people captured me, would they take me prisoner?
Ygritte:  They'd take your head off your shoulders if they was feeling kind, if not they'd kill you slow.
WTF show?  So Ygritte was just lying there for absolutely no reason?
In the early parts of the season the show dances around Davos' backstory.  I thought this was because they wanted to avoid a clunky exposition scene, since Davos mostly talks to Stannis and Stannis has no need to explain to Davos what Davos did in the rebellion.  But no, they just wanted to make it a mystery for some reason, waste lots of time dancing around it, and then have a long exposition scene about it in episode 8.
They actually give Cat a good reason for letting Jaime go instead of doing it out of irrational but understandable grief.  Then she forgets that she has a good reason when Robb wants to know why she did it.
One of the most intelligent characters in the show is shown cramming for the battle that he had to know was coming all season like a frat boy who was stoned all semester cramming for finals.  Seriously, why the lack of building any tension all season towards what is hopefully going to be the most epic hour of television in quite some time?  No matter how good it is it can't repair the damage done by the lack of build up to it as far as the season goes.
The only tension there has been all season has been between Arya and Tywin, and they just deflated that balloon.  I am sure there is going to be some pay off to that eventually, but GEEZ!  I hate the fact that Arya doesn't have to kill a guard to get out of there, but maybe she'll have a kill in ep 10 before meeting up with Jaqen.
1020	Ghost714	2012-05-22	It was broken and worthless and consigned to an upcycled life as a drinking horn.I am not sure what your trying to say here, are you saying that about the horn in the books, or in the show? Because in the show, the horn did not look broken and worthless, and in the book, I already said how the horn was full of dirt, cracked, and unable to make sound. However, I would not call it worthless, even if Sam did turn it into a drinking horn(which he has not done yet), it still would not be worthless. If it is made into a drinking horn, that still means it won't be found by the enemy, and that is definitely "worth" something. If the horn was not the horn of Joramun, then why would Coldhands(presumably) wrap it up with the cache of dragonglass? "Oh hey here is a bunch of weapons to kill the Others, and just in case you needed a drinking horn, I thought I would throw in this old worthless broken one..." That doesn't make much sense IMO. There has to be a reason that horn was included with the dragonglass, and it's not just for a future drinking horn. The dragonglass is a weapon against the Others, and the horn is a weapon that could be used by the Others, to bring down the Wall. Both the horn, and the obsidian, are crucial in stopping the Others.  So again, I don't quite understand your rather unspecific post.
1021	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	The horn is not there to bring down the Wall and let the Othersâ<U+0080><U+0099> invade.  If that were its purpose, then whoever left the dragonglass would have simply destroyed it.
1022	Ghost714	2012-05-22	The horn is not there to bring down the Wall and let the OthersÂ<U+0092> invade.  If that were its purpose, then whoever left the dragonglass would have simply destroyed it.Then what's its purpose?
1023	dark  sister	2012-05-22	Hm, generally I liked this episode. At one point I thought "*finally*, things are getting interesting!" and then I realized it was the 8th episode of the season.  When it takes 8 episodes to build up to tension-filled events like that, something's a bit off.  Looking back on the preceding episodes, a lot of it comes through as characters dicking around, annoying each other with dialogue that has no bearing on the show, and adding scenes that don't build up to anything.  I found that in the first season it was the exact opposite - every episode was full of tension and that building up feeling.  I know that the books are different from each other, yet there is plenty of action all the same, perhaps more so than aGoT.  Certainly a lot of shockers occur.
Look, I don't really care that they changed Jeyne Westerling to some random lady from Volantis, but when you look at the plot structure, by doing this change it took many episodes to establish a rapport between her and Robb, areas of common interest, mutual attraction, etc.  HOWEVER if they had just had him going to the Crag, capturing the castle, and learning of his brothers, with perhaps a scene about as long as the one in this episode, it would have saved so much more time for other areas that needed to filled out -- principally, imho, Tyrion's storyline as well as Arya's.  (After all, in the books Robb was pretty much instantly attracted to Jeyne - why does it need to be "deeper" than that?  In fact, it is the utter folly of his rash act that makes the following events even more tragic.)
One thing that continually confuses me - why are they portraying Cersei as the wise tactician and Tyrion as the dummy who has no flare?  It seems like they're presenting him as an over-horny courtier, who is good at intrigue but not much good at anything else.  The Chain is a really important part of the upcoming battle, and yet we haven't seen or heard anything about it.  If it suddenly starts rising from the water in episode 9, non-reading viewers will be confused, and probably think it was either Cersei's or Tywin's idea.  
I thought the execution of the infamous dinner with Cersei went off well, but I did SO want to see Tyrion twisting Cersei's arm and cowing her as well as her guards.  I personally believed that was such a crucial moment in the book, when he "reached for his father's voice and found it; he sounded cold, uncaring."  Instead, Cersei just sits there smiling and says "Get. Out."  And so HE is routed!  Why are they doing this role reversal?  It just makes no sense.  Cersei has her sexuality and low cunning, and Tyrion has superior wits.  They're making poor Peter Dinklage look a bit like a fool.
Out of the things they changed, nothing was too bad.  I've finally gotten over the fact that they're not going to be as loyal to the second book as they were to the first in the beginning season, so I try to just think of it as something entirely different.  For all I know, they may not have the Red Wedding, or the Purple One!
My favorite scene was at the end when Maester Luwin spotted Osha going into the crypts, and as they talk about the farmer's boys Bran is awake and listening, and Osha says "the little lads have been through enough already".  I felt that the line, while simple, was so eloquent about their situation -- as well as the general situation and tragedy of the Starks.  All of them have been through so damn much.  The music that began playing at that point was quite touching.
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 22 May 2012 - 03:55 AM.
1024	Ghost714	2012-05-22	While I do think it has taken up a lot of screen time, and while I do proffer the original storyline, I actually liked the final scene with Robb and Talisa at the end of this episode. I don't know if she is playing Robb false, or what, but I thought her story about the slave saving her brother in Volantis, was actually quite touching and believable. By the time she was done telling it, I had also fallin in love with her, and if that story was not true, than she is a very convincing liar. I dunno, it was just refreshing to see this heartwarming fun love scene, and I really felt happy for them when Talisa started to joyously  laugh and smile as they were kissing and undressing each other. Not to mention, any execution is going to be good, when you have Oona Chaplin getting naked at the end, that was a definite bonus. Just wow. That woman is gorgeous.
1025	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	I honestly do not know what to think of it.
I liked Jaime and Brienne scene, it will be fun seeing much more of it.
Also, the Arya and Jaqen scene was as good as all her scenes till now, and I loved her look when she realised Tywin is leaving and she was too late to wish for his death. A lot  disappointed by the lack of the weasel soup, though, I feel robbed of it.
I hated that they gave Robb the lines that Eddard is supposed to have told him about a man being brave when he is afraid. Ok, they left the lines out from the discussion between Brandon and Eddard at the beginning. It is shame, but I can live with it. But giving this to Robb talking to this random Volantene is just wrong.
As is the whole Robb+Volantene romance. She is becoming his personal Ros now. Also, he was terrible to Catelyn, much more than is the books.
I do not care about Asha and Theon much, they were good, I suppose. I loved the scene with Luwin findding out that they were still alive.
Still no House of the Undying? I thought they were going to show it at least 2 episodes ago, and still not?
Ros has a point in the plot now, thank the Old Gods. The thing with the necklace made sense. It was interesting to see Tyrion all concerned for Shae, it really showed that he loves her. But since when can Shae read?
1026	Rapsie	2012-05-22	But since when can Shae read?Since the TV forgot the time setting they were in and gave it modern day sensibilities. It seems the TV show has become in parts, what GRRM describes as bad fantasy. http://www.westeros....our_Vancouver1/
1027	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	Since the TV forgot the time setting they were in and gave it modern day sensibilities. It seems the TV show has become in parts, what GRRM describes as bad fantasy. http://www.westeros....our_Vancouver1/Gah, that is definitely bad fantasy. The part where he talks about the "cheeky stableboy telling off the princess" reminds me so much of the Volantene nurse telking back to Robb and being allowed to randomly walk into the tent while he is discussing war with Bolton.I definitely understand Bolton's betrayal now.
1028	legba11	2012-05-22	Been ages since I read it, but I remembered Jon and the Halfhand being cornered with no way out, not ever exactly captured. Could be wrong, though.I'm not sure what the difference between being captured and being corned with no way out by an opposing force is, but in the books, Quorin realizes they are going to get captured, the Wildlings had been pursuing them for days and they were quickly losing ground.  He sends the really cool red shirt Ranger to take a sniper's perch and try to hold them off, while he and Jon flee.  Once the sniper is taken, he realizes they will be caught, so he picks a cave to make their last stand (and enact his plan to save Jon)I thought the execution of the infamous dinner with Cersei went off well, but I did SO want to see Tyrion twisting Cersei's arm and cowing her as well as her guards. I personally believed that was such a crucial moment in the book, when he "reached for his father's voice and found it; he sounded cold, uncaring." Instead, Cersei just sits there smiling and says "Get. Out." And so HE is routed! Why are they doing this role reversal? It just makes no sense. Cersei has her sexuality and low cunning, and Tyrion has superior wits. They're making poor Peter Dinklage look a bit like a fool. .I'm not sure how Tyrion looks like a fool, Cersei is gloating over the trap she sprung on him, and it turns out she had fallen for his decoy.  He plays it straight (otherwise it would be revealed as not his whore), and then delivers his killer mini-speech about ashes in her mouth.  My non-book fiance said something like, "Go get her Tyrion!" after that scene.  Funny how people see the same thing different ways (I don't mean that sarcastically, I find it interesting).I wanted to add (to my negative review of this episode) that one thing this season has done very well is display two of the things that really highlight how brilliant Martin's is writing in the novels.  He takes two generic fantasy situations and twists them with real-world problems.  Theon takes a major city with an absurdly small force and a great plan.  This happens all the time in novels, but rarely do you get to see the aftermath of "What do you do now?"  Theon is as trapped in Winterfell by his dual nature as Bran and Rickon are by their last names.  He was raised as a Stark, and trained in military planning (Ned, could have done anything worse to set your kids up for failure?  At least you trained Arya with a sword), yet his troops are Ironborn reavers, not soldiers.  The show has done a great job of how this mix is not going to be successful.  So what can Theon do now?  His men simply want to take the loot, rape the women and burn it down.  His training says, 'We're at war, we had the major control point of the region, we MUST hold it at all cost, including my own life.  To leave it would disgrace me."  This story has been a true highlight this season, more interesting than the books even (IMO)The second one is the classic "Big Clash".  Stannis is about to attack KL.  We don't like Stannis.  He is not a good man/  Even this week, when he gives a very redeeming speech to Davos, he ends it being very unlikable.  He is fighting Tyrion, who we all love.  The best character on television right now.  They could not have done more to make Tyrion more likable this week, adding sadly misplaced love to his resume.  However, next week, who are we rooting for?  Tyrion is fighting to keep Joffery, the shit-heel of all shit-heels, on the throne.  I think this is why they have played up some Stannis's lesser qualities this season.  (Plus it will make his face-turn more interesting next season)
1029	Morrigan	2012-05-21	I didn't have a problem with them showing his romance with Jeyne on-screen rather than off. But that isn't what they've done, now is it. They made up a totally different story instead, and it unfortunately, it just. plain. sucks even when ignoring the books. Not only that, but I would go so far as to say that it goes completely against Robb's character.Let's summarize here. Book-Robb is a boy of 15 (full of raging hormones); he took an injury at the Crag; he heard of his brothers's deaths and is grieving. During all that he is "comforted" by a woman in a moment of understandable weakness. After that happens, he feels honour-bound to marry her. Book-Robb is the son of Ned Stark, and just like Ned, he takes oaths and hononour seriously. He would have never deliberately broken his vow to the Freys like that, and when it does happen, he feels stupid and terrible and tries his hardest to make amends.TV-Robb: is a man grown (I assume he's supposed to be 18-20?); he is not injured; he has not learned of Bran and Rickon's deaths and is not grieving. He's not in any sort of particular trouble. He even had his mother around to remind him of his duty and his oath to the Freys. Yet he's palling around with some sexy wench and clearly states he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl. He deliberately breaks his vow and doesn't even have second thoughts about it.What made Robb sympathetic was because he was so much like Ned, and took his oath and his honour so seriously, and he was young and naive, and he actually married Jeyne because of his Ned-like honour as a Stark. There is none, and absolutely none of that in his story with Talissa. Not only is the story contrary to the spirit of the novel, but even judged by its own merit as TV, it's bad. It's a clichA©d Hollywood romance with little believability to it.  And it takes away a lot of the tragedy of the Red Wedding since Robb pretty much has it coming.  Personally the Red Wedding made me upset because of Catelyn's suffering (losing her "last" son) and death more than Robb's death, but by giving more attention to Robb, the TV series could have changed that. Well, so much for that... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1030	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-05-21	Just giving him essentially his own POV in the series is a huge break from the book. I wonder how much they (the writers) are even consulting with Martin this season.
1031	gogorath	2012-05-21	I hate to tell you, he deliberately broke his vows in the book as well.  Unless you are insinuating that Jeyne Westerling raped him?
1032	House Snow	2012-05-21	Yeah your reasoning makes no sense. Book Ned was supposedly in the exact same situation and kept his marriage with Catelyn.  Robb broke the vow in the book
1033	Reposado	2012-05-21	I didn't have a problem with them showing his romance with Jeyne on-screen rather than off. But that isn't what they've done, now is it. They made up a totally different story instead, and it unfortunately, it just. plain. sucksand this is the problem. I wanted to see this story. I wanted to see the story of Robb in the west. But what they came up is just awful. On any show, this plotline would have been terrible.For Robb, it is certainly against what the book Robb would have done. Show Robb just saw this hot girl on the battlefield and started pursuing her. Which, yknow, would have been fine. It's essentially a different story with many of the characters exhibiting many changes. Buuut, this story is just not good or interesting.I'd have rather they changed the story to have Robb marry a Frey and not give us a red wedding than, shove this trite plotline at us
1034	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	In most of the Robb/Talisa scenes I just tune them out and focus on the awesomeness of Roose Bolton
1035	Frumpus	2012-05-21	I don't know. I would actually sympatize with Robb less if he followed the same draconic lawful honor that got his father killed. Honor is not a good thing. It is an archaic concept that allows for no compassion, mercy, or humanity.
1036	Buckwheat	2012-05-21	I waited for their story too, and hoped it would keep this little info we get from the books and build on it. Unfortunately, it did not happen.Just giving him essentially his own POV in the series is a huge break from the book. I wonder how much they (the writers) are even consulting with Martin this season.What POV? There are no POVs, this is television, we see every character from the outside, not their internal tuoughts.Yeah your reasoning makes no sense. Book Ned was supposedly in the exact same situation and kept his marriage with Catelyn.  Robb broke the vow in the bookYes, Robb broke the vow in the book. When he was wounded and just learned that his brothers had been killed and he only had this shy, gentle, sweet girl around to keep him company and comfort him. He had no witty Volantene who is allowed to break all the social norms because the king has a crush on her.What situation with Eddard are you talking about? About Cersei trying to seduce him in the Godswood?
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 21 May 2012 - 05:36 PM.
1037	FantA´me	2012-05-21	I hate to tell you, he deliberately broke his vows in the book as well. Unless you are insinuating that Jeyne Westerling raped him?Yeah your reasoning makes no sense. Book Ned was supposedly in the exact same situation and kept his marriage with Catelyn. Robb broke the vow in the bookThat's not the point. Robb could have slept with Jeyne westerling and just left her but because of his Ned like honor he chose to protect her honor over his own.And yes he broke his vows but breaking them consequently to a moment of very understandable weakness  at 15 after hearing his two baby brothers were executed by the person he considered a brother not to mention his own guilt in all that is extremely different from his reasons in the show. " I don't want to marry the Frey girl". Honestly!
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 21 May 2012 - 06:33 PM.
1038	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	They've not so much "ruined Robb Stark" as they have "taken the character of Robb Stark in a very different direction to his book counterpart."
Which happens to be totally inferior. Which is quite a feat, considering Robb didn't even appear in more than one or two chapters of ACoK.
1039	mcb	2012-05-21	Yet he's palling around with some sexy wench and clearly states he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl. He deliberately breaks his vow and doesn't even have second thoughts about it.What? No he didn't. In this quasi-medieval setting no one would care if he slept with other woman before the wedding. Few people would care if he slept with another woman after the wedding. He'll break his vow when he marries other woman. Which, in the book, was monumental, suicidal stupidity, and TV Robb won't beat that unless he weds a literal horse.
1040	Godswood	2012-05-21	He even had his mother around to remind him of his duty and his oath to the FreysKeep in mind that he just found out that his mother basically committed treason against him and he really has no one else at the camp to lean on.  Also, an 18-20 year old guy is pretty much just as likely to fall prey to those raging hormones as a 15 year old would.
					
					
							Edited by Godswood, 21 May 2012 - 06:02 PM.
1041	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	I dont thinkthe tv series has ruined robb at all.  
Either way, its the same outcome, he breaks his vows.
1042	Faraday	2012-05-21	To say Robb has it coming...is surely a bit of a stretch? I don't think breaking an engagement means you should be murdered (Maybe just me, though). In the books and in the show it's his decision that leads to his downfall. The reasons in the book were very different - they were very believable for a 15 year old Robb but I don't think they work as well for a grown man. I dunno, the romance is terribly cheesy but I don't particularly hate it.But yeah - he's not ruined. Don't agree at all.
1043	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	What? No he didn't. In this quasi-medieval setting no one would care if he slept with other woman before the wedding. Few people would care if he slept with another woman after the wedding. He'll break his vow when he marries other woman. Which, in the book, was monumental, suicidal stupidity, and TV Robb won't beat that unless he weds a literal horse.of course he did just lecture his mother about betrayals and all, kind of makes his sleeping with Talisa, well sort of funny
1044	David Selig	2012-05-21	Let's summarize here. Book-Robb is a boy of 15 (full of raging hormones); he took an injury at the Crag; he heard of his brothers's deaths and is grieving. During all that he is "comforted" by a woman in a moment of understandable weakness. After that happens, he feels honour-bound to marry her. Book-Robb is the son of Ned Stark, and just like Ned, he takes oaths and hononour seriously. He would have never deliberately broken his vow to the Freys like that, and when it does happen, he feels stupid and terrible and tries his hardest to make amends.Except that, you know, he did break the vow to the Freys deliberately. I am not talking about having sex with Jeyne - the Freys don't give a damn about this. I am talking about what he did after this. "He felt honor bound to marry her" is not a valid excuse in my book since surely it's more honorable to keep the vow he had already given to the Freys and it is by far the more responsible thing to do as a Lord.What made Robb sympathetic was because he was so much like Ned, and took his oath and his honour so seriously, and he was young and naive, and he actually married Jeyne because of his Ned-like honour as a Stark.I don't see it this way. For me the whole talk about Jeyne's honor was an excuse Robb used to justify his desire to marry the hot girl instead of someone he didn't know. Marrying a Frey was the more honorable course, or at least as honorable as marrying Jeyne. IMO Ned would have married the Frey girl and then arranged a decent marriage for Jeyne, if he was in Robb's position, since he was a really responsible guy.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 21 May 2012 - 07:20 PM.
1045	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	Sleeping with Jeyne wasn't Robb's betrayal, marrying her was. In the book it happens off-screen and may or may not come across as particularly convincing (I found it sort of silly, even for a 16ish year old and as David Selig points out, there's more than Jeyne's honor at stake, as even Robb realizes right away).
With Talisa, we still have an understandable reason for having sex - maybe not as emotionally dramatic as people would like, but still pretty reasonable and realistic in my mind. I'm curious to see whether they stick to the same "for her honor" excuse, though, or if they (for example) have the "news" about Bran and Rickon prompt him to seek solace with the woman he genuinely loves and is shown growing to love.
1046	House Snow	2012-05-21	I don't really understand the Bran death justification.  I know it gets done on TV a lot but I don't think sleeping and then marrying a girl you barely know when an immediate realtive dies  is any more rational then what the TV show has done.  In fact I usually cringe when stuff like that happens on TV shows.
And if you do think that is a justifiable reason well the wouldn't Neds death suffice.  I have the same issue with the Cat releasing Jaimie thing. I don't really see how added deaths in Bran and Rickon change her motivation for releasing Jaimie.  I kind of liked putting the immediate danger to Jaimie in as that seemed more convincing for a change of heart.  Where they made the mistake was not having Cat bring that up in her defense-they should have done that.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 21 May 2012 - 07:17 PM.
1047	The Monkey	2012-05-21	What? No he didn't. In this quasi-medieval setting no one would care if he slept with other woman before the wedding. Few people would care if he slept with another woman after the wedding. He'll break his vow when he marries other woman. Which, in the book, was monumental, suicidal stupidity, and TV Robb won't beat that unless he weds a literal horse.Very much this. Having sex with another woman before your marriage means fuck-all if you're a man, especially if you're at war and have no opportunity to marry your bride yet. Marrying her was his biggest mistake, I wonder how they will sell that one to the viewers.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 21 May 2012 - 07:20 PM.
1048	House Snow	2012-05-21	Also for what its worth I have a feeling the news on Bran's death is still going to be the impetus for Robb getting married.  It kind of would have made less sense if he hadn't already consumated the relationship. And Robb already arresting Cat gives the show a nice way of preventing her from stopping it.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 21 May 2012 - 07:20 PM.
1049	Morrigan	2012-05-21	I hate to tell you, he deliberately broke his vows in the book as well. Unless you are insinuating that Jeyne Westerling raped him?Of course not. By "deliberate" I mean that he planned on it without so much as a hint of guilt or a second thought. Book-Robb broke his vow because he felt honour-bound to marry Jeyne after sleeping with her in a moment of particular weakness. He feels like shit about it, admits it was a huge mistake, etc. TV-Robb doesn't give a shit, he's not vulnerable due to grief or a wound, he just says he doesn't wanna marry the Frey girl and that's it. He looks like a petulant little kid, not the Stark man who stoically accepted his fate as Lord of Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 21 May 2012 - 07:21 PM.
1050	Morrigan	2012-05-21	I don't really understand the Bran death justification. [...] I don't really see how added deaths in Bran and Rickon change her motivation for releasing Jaimie.Seriously? You don't get how losing your beloved brothers and/or children might make someone so mad with grief that they would succumb to irrationality? What are you, a robot?
1051	ARYa_Nym	2012-05-21	In the books Ned was already married to Catelyn so even if he had cheated he wasn't going to marry the other person.
Let's say Ned was in love with Ashara he still did his duty and married Catelyn. His brother Brandon was prepared to do the same thing although he actually slept with noble girls and Ned may not have been with a woman other than Catelyn.
I think it's more sympathetic that Robb slept with some stranger from Volantis rather than a Westerling who was sworn to the Lannisters but I don't like their scenes together because they're both boring.
					
					
							Edited by ARYa_Nym, 21 May 2012 - 07:39 PM.
1052	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	more sympathetic when he literally lectured his mother about betrayal 5 minutes before banging the stranger?
1053	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	They've just taken what I thought was a really original story which was true to the restrictions women lived with in a fairly medieval society - i.e., Robb may be able to get away with premarital sex and marry his Frey but the consequences for Jeyne are what he is actually worried about - and I think misguidedly thought they were making it more appealing to a modern audience by making Talisa more "badass" and an independent nurse who rebelled against her family.  Instead, they've just created a cliche.  It is so frustrating!
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 21 May 2012 - 07:49 PM.
1054	Ser Giant	2012-05-21	He hasnt broke any vows in the television series yet, unless Robb and Talisa were married off-screen or sex in the HBO version means you are married.
More naked Oona Chaplin please, that women is oh so blessed!
1055	_Oberyn_	2012-05-21	I agree with the OP. If i had never read the books by a certain point i would think "Can you realy blame Roose, the guy was a fucking idiot". And lets not forget that the Frays are 1/5 of his army that he throws away without a thought. Even the Frays get a bit more slack at this point, you fight and die beside some king that breaks his oath for some foreigner that contributes zilch to the war efort.
1056	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-21	I can certainly sympathize with some of what's being posted, but not that they completely ruined Robb Stark.   Personally, I agree with Ser Hippie upthread.   Show-Robb's development seems much more linear to me.  Arya said to Tywin "most girls are idiots."  I would have been disappointed, with how much of a confident Lord and commander they've protrayed him as so far to fall for some "idiot girl" who he slept with in a moment of weakness because she was tending to his wounds.  If we look at Talisa, aside from being very attractive, she is confident, bold, honest, and compassionate.  To me, that sounds an awful lot like Catelyn.  We've seen throughout season one and two how close Robb and Cat are.  It makes perfect sense to me that he would be attracted to someone with similar traits.  Furthermore, I think it is far more dramatic that Robb chooses to break his oath to the Freys "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" as opposed to being in a fever state and more than likely on milk of the poppy if he was injured.  I also think it's more Shakespearean, in that we sow the seeds of our own demise.  I don't see Show-Robb shying away from this decision in the face of his bannermen.  I think he will own it.  Instead of Book-Robb that seemed like "aw, shucks, I guess I gotta marry her because we had sex."I don't think it's more cliched, I think the attraction to Talisa is rooted in very real psychological tendencies.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 21 May 2012 - 07:57 PM.
1057	mcb	2012-05-21	Of course not. By "deliberate" I mean that he planned on it without so much as a hint of guilt or a second thought.First, I saw little planning: they talked, as they were wont to do, and suddenly started ripping off each others' clothes. As to not feeling guilty - well, a small justification is that he is not guilty of anything. Barristan himself, this walking code of honor, said that who King sleeps with is nobody's business. If a day later Robb confessed his "guilt" to Lord Frey, his answer would be: "SFW? dude, if you wanted to be the one lord in Westeros to keep faith to your wife, that's your own peculiar hobby and none of my business". He wouldn't care if Robb fell in love with another woman, he wouldn't care if Robb had sex with another woman, he wouldn't care even if Robb kept her as his mistress. As long as Walder Frey's grandson would eventually get to wear the crown of King in the North (or Lord of Winterfell, should the secession fail). Book-Robb broke his vow because he felt honour-bound to marry Jeyne after sleeping with her in a moment of particular weakness. Well, even if it was better rationale for coitus, it was still simply horrendous reason to break his word, and stupidity of Joey Tribbiani magnitude.
1058	Died a Hero	2012-05-21	Just giving him essentially his own POV in the series is a huge break from the book. I wonder how much they (the writers) are even consulting with Martin this season.George has said looking back, given the t.v. series and what they've done with it, that he probably should have made Rob a POV. So, there you go.
1059	towerofjoy	2012-05-21	I wonder if they'll have Talisa get knocked up. THAT would be a reasonable catalyst for them getting married. Robb knows how hard it was for Jon and won't want the same for his son.
What I'm afraid of is Talisa is double-crossing Robb. Not saying that wouldn't set up the RW well but would be so sad and make Robb a bigger boob than he was in the books.
1060	birdsong66	2012-05-21	Robb Stark, Westerosi Honeybadger FTW!!
1061	Died a Hero	2012-05-21	Just giving him essentially his own POV in the series is a huge break from the book. I wonder how much they (the writers) are even consulting with Martin this season.Oh, and he's one of the head producers, so I would imagine they "consult" with him quite often.
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 21 May 2012 - 08:20 PM.
1062	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-21	Jeyne Westerling wasn't worth the sacrifice. Talisa is. They've made her a heroine. That's why it sucks. Their scenes drag the whole show down.
1063	dtones520	2012-05-21	more sympathetic when he literally lectured his mother about betrayal 5 minutes before banging the stranger?She's not a stranger at all. She's been around since episode 4, Robb was traveling with her for a good period of time. I'm sure he has gotten, or thinks he has, to know her pretty well over that time. One night stands happen a lot faster than that with 18-20 year olds.Like it had been said 90 times already, him having sex with a girl is not betraying the Freys. Hell, he hasn't even chosen a girl who he is going to marry yet. Him breaking his marriage agreement with the Freys is the betrayal. I don't really think Walder Frey cares who Robb is banging as long as his daughter marries a king. Look at all the bastards he has squirted out.
1064	House Snow	2012-05-21	ITs funny everyone was complaining how sassy Talisa was in the beginning and that Jeyne should be sweet, and now that she has bared her soul as a sweet girl who forsakes nobility people are still complaining.
1065	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	I agree with the OP. If i had never read the books by a certain point i would think "Can you realy blame Roose, the guy was a fucking idiot". And lets not forget that the Frays are 1/5 of his army that he throws away without a thought. Even the Frays get a bit more slack at this point, you fight and die beside some king that breaks his oath for some foreigner that contributes zilch to the war efort.How is what you described any different than what happens in the books? Stevron Frey was heir to the Twins and he did die fighting for Robb. Jeyne was a "foreigner" in the sense that she is from the Westerlands, and her family doesn't contribute anything notable to the war effort
1066	Mad Queen	2012-05-21	At this point, he has just said he doesn't want to mary the Frey girl. He didn't say that he won't. Not yet.
1067	Morrigan	2012-05-21	She's not a stranger at all. She's been around since episode 4, Robb was traveling with her for a good period of time. I'm sure he has gotten, or thinks he has, to know her pretty well over that time. One night stands happen a lot faster than that with 18-20 year olds. Like it had been said 90 times already, him having sex with a girl is not betraying the Freys. Hell, he hasn't even chosen a girl who he is going to marry yet. Him breaking his marriage agreement with the Freys is the betrayal.Yes, but we know he'll marry her, and it appears he already decided that he would. "I don't want to marry the Frey girl".
1068	dtones520	2012-05-21	Jeyne Westerling wasn't worth the sacrifice. Talisa is. They've made her a heroine. That's why it sucks. Their scenes drag the whole show down.How exactly is Talisa worth the sacrifice? Because she is hot? Him marrying a random foreign highborn is more risky than marrying a Southron maiden. Marrying Jeyne at least gave him some men from the Crag, him marrying Talisa gives him nothing.If the TV show followed the book, but gave Robb more air time, there would be very little time to build up the fact that Robb has fallen for this random girl. Theon "kills" Bran and Rickon late in the book, in episode 7 of the series, leaving 2 episodes (with the Blackwater being a full battle episode at KL) for Robb to fall for and marry Jeyne. They are trying to build up their romance, so him marrying her makes sense to TV viewers. Him marrying a girl because he took her maidenhead wouldn't make much sense to a tv viewer, since the importance of the maidenhead hasn't been played up at all.
1069	dtones520	2012-05-21	Yes, but we know he'll marry her, and it appears he already decided that he would. "I don't want to marry the Frey girl".Your right, we all know he will marry her, because we have read the books. TV viewers don't necessarily know that. They aren't making this tv show just for book readers. They are making a tv series that makes sense for all parties involved. You have to over dramatize things on tv, so you have to play up Robb falling in love with someone or him marrying some random he banged wouldn't make sense to people.
1070	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	If they had to change Robb and Jeyne's story, I think I may have thought of a way that could work. I'd like your guys thoughts, because it's kind of...edgy, I guess.Robb takes the Crag, and meets Jeyne, the daughter of the Lord. He is attracted to her, and she him despite being his "prisoner." But when he gets word of Bran and Rickon's deaths, he loses his cool and orders his men to burn the castle before they march out. Jeyne gets hysterical about the destruction of her home and gives Robb shit. Robb, mad with grief and rage but also turned on by her, up and rapes her. Yep - it would add another dimension to a character that I feel is pretty flat in the show and books - even the honorable do-gooder Young Wolf can succumb to his worst urges. He's a horny adolescent with monarchical power, after all. The next day, he is overcome with shame and remorse. He feels he has let his father down, and can't bear the dishonor he brought on himself and her. So, he does the right thing as he sees it and marries her. I think this would make his actions actually more understandable - it's just kind of silly that a King would feel obligated to marry the first wench he screws unless he felt like he really owed her something.Thoughts?
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 21 May 2012 - 08:45 PM.
1071	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	Robb raping Jeyne would be cause to genuinely think his character was ruined, in my opinion.
1072	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	If they had to change Robb and Jeyne's story, I think I may have thought of a way that could work. I'd like your guys thoughts, because it's kind of...edgy, I guess. Robb takes the Crag, and meets Jeyne, the daughter of the Lord. He is attracted to her, and she him despite being his "prisoner." But when he gets word of Bran and Rickon's deaths, he loses his cool and orders his men to burn the castle before they march out. Jeyne gets hysterical about the destruction of her home and gives Robb shit. Robb, mad with grief and rage but also turned on by her, up and rapes her. Yep - it would add another dimension to a character that I feel is pretty flat in the show and books - even the honorable do-gooder Young Wolf can succumb to his worst urges. He's a horny adolescent with monarchical power, after all. The next day, he is overcome with shame and remorse. He feels he has let his father down, and can't bear the dishonor he brought on himself and her. So, he does the right thing as he sees it and marries her. I think this would make his actions actually more understandable - it's just kind of silly that a King would feel obligated to marry the first wench he screws unless he felt like he really owed her something. Thoughts?Honestly, that sounds absolutely horrible.
1073	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	better than this seasons storyline, but you will be hard pressed to find a network willing to make a "hero" into a rapist.
1074	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	plus i couldnt imagine a rape victim agreeing to a marriage to her rapist.
the consensual 1 night stand that results in a pregnancy and deflowring of a high born maiden is truer to the essence of ASOIAF
1075	Mad Queen	2012-05-21	I cannot imagine Ned's son raping a girl.
1076	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-21	I didn't have a problem with them showing his romance with Jeyne on-screen rather than off. But that isn't what they've done, now is it. They made up a totally different story instead, and it unfortunately, it just. plain. sucks even when ignoring the books. Not only that, but I would go so far as to say that it goes completely against Robb's character.Let's summarize here. Book-Robb is a boy of 15 (full of raging hormones); he took an injury at the Crag; he heard of his brothers's deaths and is grieving. During all that he is "comforted" by a woman in a moment of understandable weakness. After that happens, he feels honour-bound to marry her. Book-Robb is the son of Ned Stark, and just like Ned, he takes oaths and hononour seriously. He would have never deliberately broken his vow to the Freys like that, and when it does happen, he feels stupid and terrible and tries his hardest to make amends.TV-Robb: is a man grown (I assume he's supposed to be 18-20?); he is not injured; he has not learned of Bran and Rickon's deaths and is not grieving. He's not in any sort of particular trouble. He even had his mother around to remind him of his duty and his oath to the Freys. Yet he's palling around with some sexy wench and clearly states he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl. He deliberately breaks his vow and doesn't even have second thoughts about it.What made Robb sympathetic was because he was so much like Ned, and took his oath and his honour so seriously, and he was young and naive, and he actually married Jeyne because of his Ned-like honour as a Stark. There is none, and absolutely none of that in his story with Talissa. Not only is the story contrary to the spirit of the novel, but even judged by its own merit as TV, it's bad. It's a clichA©d Hollywood romance with little believability to it.  And it takes away a lot of the tragedy of the Red Wedding since Robb pretty much has it coming.  Personally the Red Wedding made me upset because of Catelyn's suffering (losing her "last" son) and death more than Robb's death, but by giving more attention to Robb, the TV series could have changed that. Well, so much for that... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />WORDI can't add anything else except how shitty this show has becoming.....
1077	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	Robb raping Jeyne would be cause to genuinely think his character was ruined, in my opinion.You sure that's not just a knee-jerk reaction on your part? People do crazy things after major trauma in their lives - see Catelyn freeing Jaime. He has just found out that his foster brother, a close friend, has not only betrayed him but murdered his two actual brothers. I would want to lash out in that situation, and Theon is a long ways away. Who would be the convenient target for your rage at that point? I think the enemy family whose castle you are occupying, vassals of the Lannisters who killed your old man, are as good a punching bag as any. Again, it would be a moment of temporary insanity, if you will. But I feel like doing right by her would provide a strong motive for breaking his oath to the Freys. He would have to do right by Jeyne after that, as a Stark. But marrying her after a consensual one-night stand is just boneheaded and frankly hard to wrap my head around. I think GRRM could have provided a stronger motiveAnd for those saying that the family would never agree to a marriage after that, what better choice would they have? She's been deflowered and dishonored, and might be carrying his child anyway. And she's being offered a chance to be Queen of the North from a man who is genuinely remorseful
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 21 May 2012 - 08:57 PM.
1078	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	Yeah, I'm 100% sure that isn't a knee-jerk reaction. Not only does it not make sense from an in-universe point of view, it pretty much permanently tarnishes Robb from a meta point of view for TV viewers. Rape is one of those things that people are going to have a really hard time forgiving a character for.
1079	Morrigan	2012-05-21	Your right, we all know he will marry her, because we have read the books. TV viewers don't necessarily know that. They aren't making this tv show just for book readers. They are making a tv series that makes sense for all parties involved. You have to over dramatize things on tv, so you have to play up Robb falling in love with someone or him marrying some random he banged wouldn't make sense to people.What's your point? That my thread is premature and that I should have waited until after the marriage before declaring the storyline stupid? Eh, whatever.If they had to change Robb and Jeyne's story, I think I may have thought of a way that could work. I'd like your guys thoughts, because it's kind of...edgy, I guess. [rape BS snip] Thoughts?That's.... honestly, that's the stupidest idea I've EVER read in the history of this forum. I know I rag on D&D being shit writers a lot, but I sure am glad that it's them and not you. Sheesh.Yeah, I'm 100% sure that isn't a knee-jerk reaction. Not only does it not make sense from an in-universe point of view, it pretty much permanently tarnishes Robb from a meta point of view for TV viewers. Rape is one of those things that people are going to have a really hard time forgiving a character for.Seriously...
1080	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	^Drogo raped Dany and he was a fan favorite. In fact, he and Dany formed a loving relationship afterwards
The idea isn't perfect, I'll grant. That's why I said if they HAD to change it from the book. But it would be infinitely better than this fucking Along Came Polly bullshit
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 21 May 2012 - 09:04 PM.
1081	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	You sure that's not just a knee-jerk reaction on your part? People do crazy things after major trauma in their lives - see Catelyn freeing Jaime. He has just found out that his foster brother, a close friend, has not only betrayed him but murdered his two actual brothers. I would want to lash out in that situation, and Theon is a long ways away. Who would be the convenient target for your rage at that point? I think the enemy family whose castle you are occupying, vassals of the Lannisters who killed your old man, are as good a punching bag as any. Again, it would be a moment of temporary insanity, if you will. But I feel like doing right by her would provide a strong motive for breaking his oath to the Freys. He would have to do right by Jeyne after that, as a Stark. But marrying her after a consensual one-night stand is just boneheaded and frankly hard to wrap my head around. I think GRRM could have provided a stronger motive And for those saying that the family would never agree to a marriage after that, what better choice would they have? She's been deflowered and dishonored, and might be carrying his child anyway. And she's being offered a chance to be Queen of the North from a man who is genuinely remorsefulCatelyn freeing Jaime in her grief is a hell of a lot different than committing an act of rape. It's just a terrible idea that ruins Robb's character. I think Robb marrying her to preserve her honor is more than enough motive to break his oath to the Freys. Robb committing Rape and feeling guilty just comes across as really sleazy shock writing, and nobody would feel bad for him after the Red Wedding.
1082	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	^Drogo raped Dany and he was a fan favorite. In fact, he and Dany formed a loving relationship afterwards The idea isn't perfect, I'll grant. That's why I said if they HAD to change it from the book. But it would be infinitely better than this fucking Along Came Polly bullshithe did not rape her, he asked and she said yes
1083	Toccs	2012-05-21	I can't help but feel that if the King in the North broke his marriage vow with one of the key Houses in his kingdom so he could marry a fiesty Volantine wench, while fighting a war on one front and his homelands are under enemy control, that he would have lost more bannermen then just the Freys.
1084	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	^Drogo raped Dany and he was a fan favorite. In fact, he and Dany formed a loving relationship afterwards The idea isn't perfect, I'll grant. That's why I said if they HAD to change it from the book. But it would be infinitely better than this fucking Along Came Polly bullshitNo, as bad as the Robb Talisa story has been, it's infinitely better than Robb deciding to rape Jeyne and then marry her.
1085	_Oberyn_	2012-05-21	If a man was being cynical a man could say that they are setting up Robb as a dumbass so the RW does not cause a drop in viewership.
1086	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	^Drogo raped Dany and he was a fan favorite. In fact, he and Dany formed a loving relationship afterwardsDrogo is a Mongol-analogue who was popular because he did things like rip a man's tongue out, pour molten gold on Viserys and make long-winded speeches in Dothraki about raping and pillaging Westeros.The idea isn't perfect, I'll grant. That's why I said if they HAD to change it from the book. But it would be infinitely better than this fucking Along Came Polly bullshitNo, what they did is about a million times better than turning Robb into a rapist for cheap drama.
1087	Cressit	2012-05-21	I suppose I just see the whole Robb situation differently than the OP, esp. regarding the who vow-breaking thing.  (Admittedly Book-Robb frustrates me to no end when it comes to his love life and I prefer HBO-Robb in that regard.)Of course Book-Robb deliberately broke his vow to the Freys!  He didn't have to marry the daughter of a house sworn to Casterly f-ing Rock. Better risk dishonoring one girl after an indiscretion than risk an alliance that's shaky at best, with a man you know is touchy and unpredictable.  Of course there was no way anyone could foresee the horror of the Red Wedding, I'm in no way blaming Robb for that, but he did have to know having all his forces in the Riverlands with the Freys as an enemy is a bad idea -- not safe for all the thousands of men you've sworn to protect.HBO-Robb didn't break any vow. Maybe in a future episode he will marry Talisa/Jeyne, but until then no harm done.  And unless she's revealed to be a Westerling she's not from a family sworn to the enemy!  HBO-Robb should get extenuating circumstance cred if Book-Rob gets it.  He's obviously pretty tortured feeling betrayed by both Theon AND Cat.  No, not as awful as losing your 2 little brothers, but vulnerable and low all the same.And one thing HBO made better for me is I won't have to watch Robb keep Grey Wind away because he bothered his new family -- it was bad enough to read it.
1088	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	Honestly, I think my version actually makes Robb more sympathetic. The rape would be a crime of pasison, committed during the worst day of his life, in a state where he doesn't really realize what he's doing. And afterwards he'd have to be a horrible person not to offer marriage, so his oathbreaking is more understandable. The way it goes down in the books, he throws away the war over a one-night stand. The way it goes in the show, well....blegh
Anyway, I'm gonna go back to my Robb Stark the Serial Rapist fan-fiction now. Sorry I said anything
1089	mcb	2012-05-21	If they had to change Robb and Jeyne's story, I think I may have thought of a way that could work. I'd like your guys thoughts, because it's kind of...edgy, I guess.Robb takes the Crag, and meets Jeyne, the daughter of the Lord. He is attracted to her, and she him despite being his "prisoner." But when he gets word of Bran and Rickon's deaths, he loses his cool and orders his men to burn the castle before they march out. Jeyne gets hysterical about the destruction of her home and gives Robb shit. Robb, mad with grief and rage but also turned on by her, up and rapes her.Well then, after the Red Wedding we could simply say "well done, Frey, he had it coming".
1090	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	No, as bad as the Robb Talisa story has been, it's infinitely better than Robb deciding to rape Jeyne and then marry her.If you mean infinitely more boring, then yes you are quite right.
1091	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	Honestly, I think my version actually makes Robb more sympathetic. The rape would be a crime of pasison, committed during the worst day of his life, in a state where he doesn't really realize what he's doing. And afterwards he'd have to be a horrible person not to offer marriage, so his oathbreaking is more understandable. The way it goes down in the books, he throws away the war over a one-night stand. The way it goes in the show, well....blegh Anyway, I'm gonna go back to my Robb Stark the Serial Rapist fan-fiction now. Sorry I said anythingYou really think Robb as a rapist makes him MORE sympathetic? Sorry, rape isn't a crime where you can use finding out about your dead brothers to get a pass. He'd have to be a horrible person not to offer marriage? Doesn't the rape make him a horrible person?
1092	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	Well then, after the Red Wedding we could simply say "well done, Frey, he had it coming".he had it coming anyway. arrogant stupidity is as bad as wickedness when you are a war leader
1093	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	You really think Robb as a rapist makes him MORE sympathetic? Sorry, rape isn't a crime where you can use finding out about your dead brothers to get a pass. He'd have to be a horrible person not to offer marriage? Doesn't the rape make him a horrible person?I guarantee you soldiers fighting for Robb raped and pillaged innocent people. And I also guarantee you he knew about this and didn't punish them, like every other Lord besides Stannis. It's a different time we're talking about here
1094	mcb	2012-05-21	he had it coming anyway. arrogant stupidity is as bad as wickedness when you are a war leaderNo one, to my knowledge, ever defended his decision to break his promise to Walder Frey. However the Red Wedding was disproportionate retribution. But it wouldn't feel that way, had the showrunners decided to turn Robb into a despicable little shit as per your scenario.
1095	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	I guarantee you soldiers fighting for Robb raped and pillaged innocent people. And I also guarantee you he knew about this and didn't punish them, like every other Lord besides Stannis. It's a different time we're talking about hereDoubtful Robb knew about it and did nothing. Even Jaime Lannister had one of his soldiers executed for trying to rape Pia. And just because it was a different time, that doesn't suddenly make people view rape any differently. Very few people with the exception of you would have much sympathy for Robb if he raped Jeyne, even if he did offer to marry her.
1096	dtones520	2012-05-21	I guarantee you soldiers fighting for Robb raped and pillaged innocent people. And I also guarantee you he knew about this and didn't punish them, like every other Lord besides Stannis. It's a different time we're talking about hereHow can you even sit there and argue that Robb raping a girl, even in a fit of insanity, is going to make him more sympathetic? How is any rape justifiable? Especially for a character that is supposed to be popular? That is 100% insane.
1097	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	How can you even sit there and argue that Robb raping a girl, even in a fit of insanity, is going to make him more sympathetic? How is any rape justifiable? Especially for a character that is supposed to be popular? That is 100% insane.Yea, because I was totally making the case that rape is justifiable. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />And why should I care what all the fanboys and fangirls of TV Robb think? Most of the people who consider him a favorite might as well be on "Team Edward" - it's all about his looks and how dreamy he is, yadda yadda yadda. This wouldn't make him a better person, no argument there, but it would make him more interesting. And it would spare us the corny 21-st century romance superimposed on a medieval landscape
1098	zippypoodle	2012-05-21	I hate to tell you, he deliberately broke his vows in the book as well.  Unless you are insinuating that Jeyne Westerling raped him?Thank you for setting the OP straight. In no way whatsoever has Robb Stark been ruined. Joke.
1099	zippypoodle	2012-05-21	Of course not. By "deliberate" I mean that he planned on it without so much as a hint of guilt or a second thought. Book-Robb broke his vow because he felt honour-bound to marry Jeyne after sleeping with her in a moment of particular weakness. He feels like shit about it, admits it was a huge mistake, etc. TV-Robb doesn't give a shit, he's not vulnerable due to grief or a wound, he just says he doesn't wanna marry the Frey girl and that's it. He looks like a petulant little kid, not the Stark man who stoically accepted his fate as Lord of Winterfell.He hasn't broken any vows yet. He could screw half the women in Westeros before he marries the Frey girl and the remaining half after and not break his vow as long as he marries the Frey girl.
1100	Precursor	2012-05-21	You really think Robb as a rapist makes him MORE sympathetic? Sorry, rape isn't a crime where you can use finding out about your dead brothers to get a pass. He'd have to be a horrible person not to offer marriage? Doesn't the rape make him a horrible person?Well it could help them crack into the Taliban market share.
1101	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-21	Why are we even having this discussion about rape? Robb Starke would never do that.....
And even if HBORobb Starke did it would totally destroy the character and go against everything his father and mother taught him....
Lets get back to reality. The show jumped the sharked with this episoe (if they hadn't already). Catelyn freeing Jaime was an absolute atrocity.....
1102	The Second Hand	2012-05-21	The absolute biggest problem with this show extends far beyond Robb and his romance. It works. He likes her. She likes him. They are young. It happens. One of the wonderful things about Martin's world is that everything is gray -- Robb makes a mistake and pays dearly for it. Could he have avoided it? Was he right in his decision?
And I think the show has improved vastly from what was the almost show ending episode five. Yikes.
1103	Triskan	2012-05-21	I am just dumbfounded that people have such a problem with this.  If anything, in the books, it's like "Isn't Robb way more important than the screentime he's given?" 
At the end of the day, it's not that important who Robb marries whether it's Jeyne Westerling or someone from Volantis.  It's the fact that he broke his pact w/ Lord Frey.  And can you imagine Dave and Dan trying to tell but not show this whole thing and then producing the Red Wedding out of nowhere? 
I'm all for people bitching about changes or changes that are totally unnecessary (Jaime killing Alton), but this change has made sense on every level to me. 
The only worry I have is if people will stop watching after the Red Wedding because this brilliant setup will make it even more painful than it was in the books.
1104	Morrigan	2012-05-21	HBO-Robb didn't break any vow. Maybe in a future episode he will marry Talisa/Jeyne, but until then no harm doneHe hasn't broken any vows yet. He could screw half the women in Westeros before he marries the Frey girl and the remaining half after and not break his vow as long as he marries the Frey girl.Uhhh and just what do you think will happen? That he won't marry Talisa and will marry a Frey? I don't get your argument. Just because it hasn't happened yet, even though we KNOW it will happen, means my criticism is invalid? Wat.Honestly, I think my version actually makes Robb more sympathetic....You think Robb committing a rape instead of just falling in love will make him "more sympathetic".Okay, at this point I don't care if the mods yell at me or suspend me, because I have to say it: you're either a troll or a fucking idiot.Why are we even having this discussion about rape?Good question. A thread derail, really.I am just dumbfounded that people have such a problem with this. [...] And can you imagine Dave and Dan trying to tell but not show this whole thing and then producing the Red Wedding out of nowhere?Say. Did you even read the OP? Like, the VERY FIRST LINE? Honestly now.Obviously not, otherwise you'd realize that people have a problem with bad writing and not with the mere principle of showing Robb having a relationship on-screen. Jesus...I'm all for people bitching about changes or changes that are totally unnecessary (Jaime killing Alton),And how is this made up story that differs from the book version "necessary"? They could have shown him get wounded, get tended to by a young woman, see him grieve for his brothers yadda yadda. Ah, but you like this change, so it's "necessary", whereas a change you dislike (Jaime killing his cousin) is "unnecessary". We call this fallacy, "special pleading". Look it up.The only worry I have is if people will stop watching after the Red Wedding because this brilliant setup will make it even more painful than it was in the books.lol, "brilliant setup".... Hollywood Romance 101 = brilliance. Yay.
1105	Triskan	2012-05-21	Say. Did you even read the OP? Like, the VERY FIRST LINE? Honestly now. Obviously not, otherwise you'd realize that people have a problem with bad writing and not with the mere principle of showing Robb having a relationship on-screen. Jesus... And how is this made up story that differs from the book version "necessary"?Say.  Did it ever occur to you that not every response in this thread was a direct response to your OP?  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Condescension aside, my response was not directed at you but at the way this dissatisfaction with Robb and The Hottest Woman in the Show (who acts tremendously as well) has mysteriously become the most controversial thing on this board as far as the TV show goes.  This, to me, is such a minor and understandable adjustment with the plot. They ruined Robb Stark?  They fucking made Robb Stark.
1106	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	Morrigan, take a chill pill.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Gimp, 21 May 2012 - 10:56 PM.
1107	Morrigan	2012-05-21	Say. Did it ever occur to you that not every response in this thread was a direct response to your OP? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />My bad, but what am I supposed to think since you weren't quoting anyone? Also, your post made no sense, since no one in the thread has stated that Robb's story should have been told off-screen. You're effectively attacking a strawman.
1108	Morrigan	2012-05-21	Morrigan, take a chill pill.Sorry to get so testy. That tends to happen when people talk cheaply about something like rape...
1109	Darth Pipes	2012-05-21	Robb made a stupid mistake in the book but it was understandable.  He was still a boy who got caught up in grief over the death of his brothers.  He then married Jeyne to protect her honor.  Stupid to be sure but honorable.  What he's doing on the show is anything but honorable.
If he chooses to marry Talisa because he loves her, he's basically saying that his word means absolutely nothing.  That he's not as honorable as Ned.  It's selfish of him to throw away an important alliance and basically spit in the face of all that his bannermen have sacrified.  I can't see how he'll come across as more sympathetic.  Quite frankly, if he chooses to throw away his marriage pact for his own selfish reasons, then he deserves to have Roose Bolton plunge that knife into his heart.
1110	Triskan	2012-05-21	You're effectively attacking a strawman.That is only true if the whole point was about the on-screen versus off-screen thing. Part of my point (and to be fair, it's coming from more than just this thread...also the main book spoilers thread) is that so many posters seem to have a problem with a lot more than just he on versus off screen issue.  So apologies if my response was stemming not just from the responses in this thread but from the responses to the episode in general. I do stand by my argument that this, for all of the changes, is just a bizarre one to worry about.  I mean, we here in Westeros are sweating fucking bullets, doing coke, not sleeping, and checking the Intrade odds by hitting "refresh" every 30 seconds to find out how likely it is that Clefjaw = Ramsay and yet we're worrying about whether Robb's lover is actually a Westerling or not?  Sheeeiit.  It just seems like a mis-allocation of energy and attention in a world in which such things are limited.
					
					
							Edited by Trzysztof TrieA<U+009B>lowski, 21 May 2012 - 11:05 PM.
1111	Triskan	2012-05-21	No way, Darth Pipes - That would make sense if the only reason Robb married Jeyne in the books was due to honor, and some honor breaking his vows to Lord Frey, eh? Book Robb fell in love w/ Jeyne, honor be damned.  This ain't that different.**Jaime's thoughts on her being worth losing a kingdom for notwithstanding
1112	Darth Pipes	2012-05-21	You're right, it wasn't honorable to break his vows and I do believe he loved Jeyne.  But at least the "official" reason was that he wanted to protect Jeyne, which was honorable albeit very stupid.
1113	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	That is only true if the whole point was about the on-screen versus off-screen thing. Part of my point (and to be fair, it's coming from more than just this thread...also the main book spoilers thread) is that so many posters seem to have a problem with a lot more than just he on versus off screen issue. So apologies if my response was stemming not just from the responses in this thread but from the responses to the episode in general. I do stand by my argument that this, for all of the changes, is just a bizarre one to worry about. I mean, we here in Westeros are sweating fucking bullets, doing coke, not sleeping, and checking the Intrade odds by hitting "refresh" every 30 seconds to find out how likely it is that Clefjaw = Ramsay and yet we're worrying about whether Robb's lover is actually a Westerling or not? Sheeeiit. It just seems like a mis-allocation of energy and attention in a world in which such things are limited.I'm one who preferred Robb's story being offscreen, and the show has only confirmed my feelings. Namely, Robb's story is just fucking boring. He's really done nothing this season other than have a cliched meet cute with some sort of noblewoman turned Florence Nightingale. Their scenes together are boring and at times the dialog is painful; their first meeting was just full of cliches, her being the tough nurse who talks back to authority. Plus, why does Robb keep allowing someone as low as a battlefield nurse to keep interrupting his important war councils? Makes no sense to me.Considering how rushed this season has been, I feel like the time spent on this romance has just been a waste. I would have just preferred a short scene of Jeyne tending to Robb after he takes the Crag and learns Bran and Rickon are "dead", then next season we find out he's married.
1114	Shinjuku Thief	2012-05-21	Morrigan has it spot on.Either way, its the same outcome, he breaks his vows.I don't agree with the notion that as long as you arrive at the same destination, it doesn't matter which route you took to get there.I wonder what the rationale for this change was. Possibly it was entirely budgetary - they kept Robb and "Jeyne's" scenes at the King of the North's campsite, didn't need to worry about adding a Crag location - matte paintings, castle courtyard exteriors and castle interiors, costuming for another 'house', casting-wise a few small speaking roles. Although I'm sure they could have re-used extras and some of the scenes at Robb's camp wouldn't have been needed, or just have taken place in the same tent at "The Crag".
1115	Patchface12	2012-05-22	Did anyone notice how Talissa wanted to make a list of things for the Maester of the Crag. She didn't want to go with him. This leads me to believe she IS Jeyne Westerling, but show viewers won't find out her true identity till either next season or even till after the Blackfish escapes and Riverrun surrenders.
It does seem like a cliche romance, but I'm glad someone pointed out that Robb's mother had just betrayed him. His mother told him to honor his commitment to Lord Frey. Perhaps part of why he slept with "Talissa" was because he felt betrayed. "My mother doesn't listen to me, why should I listen to her?"
Where Robb almost waved off Catelyn with a light slap on the wrist for letting Jaime go in the books, he seemed really hurt and betrayed in the show. Going from that angle, the Robb/Jeyne relationship still works.
1116	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-22	If he's not going to succumb to Talisa/Jeyne while she's nursing his wounds, what's the point of having her be a battefield nurse?
I don't mind that he has a crush on her, he's aroused by her, he blurts out "I don't want to marry the Frey girl"  (after all, it was his mother's arrangement behind his back and she just betrayed him with the Kingslayer, too! he wants to say dang it all).....but how stupid would he be to marry a Volantene, forsaking a political marriage & a promise & the troops that come with it?  At least with the Westerlings he gets something (if they hadn't been plotting against him--but he couldn't know that).
(And what is Talisa doing there, really?  There's nobody in Volantis to nurse?  Did she move to Westeros because there's no slavery?  How does she make a living?  Is this a paying gig as battlefield nurse?  Nobody's going to pay her to tend both sides, are they?)
On the other hand, at least we get the relationship on-screen instead of Robb just showing up one day after an extended absence with some wife.
1117	MoonCoffee	2012-05-22	Did anyone notice how Talissa wanted to make a list of things for the Maester of the Crag. She didn't want to go with him. This leads me to believe she IS Jeyne Westerling, but show viewers won't find out her true identity till either next season or even till after the Blackfish escapes and Riverrun surrenders.They were shown coming home from the Crag though, as if the trip had nothing noteworthy, so to me it looks like her hesitance was either a remnant of initial script where she is still "Jeyne", or second-guessing herself because King in the North just effectively asked her out.Removing the grief over Bran/Rickon angle from Robb and Cat's mistakes is a mistake, IMO. It removes the punch to the gut and sympathy we felt for the two characters when they met again and realized what each other had done. Their actions feel more selfish now, and when Robb/Talisa was happily tumbling all I can think of was "way to go Robb, piss on your men's loyalty, on the soldiers who left their families to die for you, on the old people back home trying to make ends meet without their able-bodied relatives, on crops going bad because there's no one to harvest even though winter is coming." For a moment I sympathize with Roose Bolton.He can still avert that by not marrying her, but marrying her is kinda necessary for the event that the producers really want to show. Wait and see, but I'm not confident they can get it.
					
					
							Edited by MoonCoffee, 22 May 2012 - 12:39 AM.
1118	rmanoj	2012-05-22	This is what I had to say in the other thread:I don't mind the "Talisa" thing in itself, but I just don't see how they're going to have Robb marry her without being even more of an idiot than in the books. At least in the books, he only slept with her when he was wounded and emotionally unstable due to hearing about Bran and Rickon, and then married her afterwards for her honour. But in the show, there's no reason why he wouldn't be perfectly clear-headed when he has sex with her (he's not injured and hasn't heard about his brothers) so he knows what he's doing, and he's a grown man as opposed to a 16 year old. It's going to be a lot harder to sympathise with him when he screws up the war and loses his kingdom and the lives of his men over an infatuation. And yes I would call it (mutual) infatuation. It's a bit too soon to be talking of love. In both cases Robb knew there would be severe consequences, not just for himself but for his people and the war, if he married her. However, if he had sex with her he would definitely have to marry her - that's just who he is. So the real problem, apart from his unchangeable personality, is him sleeping with her in the first place. The difference is that show Robb is clear-headed (and significantly older) when he has sex with Talisa and thus has no excuse for putting his personal infatuation/ love/ whatever over the war effort and the lives of his men.
1119	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	They haven't really set up the circumstances that would make it important for her to marry her either.  If she is a Sansa-type character, then I think the audience would understand, oh, yeah, he's jeopardized her virtue, etc... - but why would he be in such a hurry to rush Talisa from Volantis?  Why can't they just have a relationship?  There's nothing about the context in which the relationship has been established that really suggests it's a big deal for them to have sex.  I never saw it being about him having to marry her because HE had sex with her.  it was about him having to marry her because SHE had sex with him.  To protect HER honor.  But we're not really given a characterization of Talisa that makes it seem like she would give a crap.  Her family is far away.  Her country is far away.  No one knows her.  No one cares.  She's more like Ygritte if anything.  Even if he wants to marry her, there's no urgency, there's no reason it has to happen right away.   It just doesn't really make sense.  But when it is a highborn lady whose honor is at stake, the urgency makes sense.  And if he and Talisa don't get married, then what the hell?  Why would the Freys be mad at him?  Ugh, it is just driving me crazy.
1120	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	He deliberately breaks his vowUtter nonsense.  Robb swore no oath of celibacy.  Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re confusing him with his brother, â<U+0080><U+009C>Jonâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
1121	DirePenguin	2012-05-22	I would have just preferred a short scene of Jeyne tending to Robb after he takes the Crag and learns Bran and Rickon are "dead", then next season we find out he's married.Considering the direction of this season, that would make too much sense.
1122	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-22	If you guys haven't noticed, drippy characters like Jeyne Westerling don't work on television. She wasn't even mousy and victim-y like Jeyne Poole, she was just...kinda there. A plot device to facilitate the Red Wedding. This hybrid Talisa/Jeyne character gives audiences a way to understand why Robb would risk everything. Talisa is extremely sexy, exotic and has the kind of personality that drives men wild. Now compare this to Jeyne Westerling who's only attributes were that she had good birthing hips and was adequately pretty.
1123	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	If he's not going to succumb to Talisa/Jeyne while she's nursing his wounds, what's the point of having her be a battefield nurse? I don't mind that he has a crush on her, he's aroused by her, he blurts out "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" (after all, it was his mother's arrangement behind his back and she just betrayed him with the Kingslayer, too! he wants to say dang it all).....but how stupid would he be to marry a Volantene, forsaking a political marriage & a promise & the troops that come with it? At least with the Westerlings he gets something (if they hadn't been plotting against him--but he couldn't know that). (And what is Talisa doing there, really? There's nobody in Volantis to nurse? Did she move to Westeros because there's no slavery? How does she make a living? Is this a paying gig as battlefield nurse? Nobody's going to pay her to tend both sides, are they?) On the other hand, at least we get the relationship on-screen instead of Robb just showing up one day after an extended absence with some wife.All this.But really, I would rather see their relationship as in the books than what we saw till now.I feel like their story is a story from 21th century relocated to mediaeval environment. She is independent, strong, works (honestly, how many highborn girls have we seen nursing wounded people after a battle?), dares to talk against the king and randomly walk into his tent during meetings with Bolton - I have no idea why Bolton takes this and just walks out without a word every time she does it - and she is perfectly willing to sleep with him, as she would have been just waitiong for it the whole time. OK, maybe they have other notions about honour in Volantis and a woman having sex with a man she is not married to is not that bad as in Westeros, but her not thinking of it for even a minute before getting naked is just random. What does she intend to do, keep nursing the soldiers with an illegitimate child?Robb, too, does not even think about the consequences. "I don't want to marry the Frey girl." Really? Because of the bad writing, I feel like they have no chemistry between them at all, and they did not make their "love" irresistible or anything.BTW, was there no bed in the tent?
1124	Rapsie	2012-05-22	Other than making Robb unlikable (which I think they have done a sterling job of so far), there is the butterfly effect of his decision in regards to his character.
Robb didn't trade Jaime for his sisters because he saw the Kingslayer as a greater prize and knew his bannermen wouldn't be happy if he was released. He knew that keeping his bannermen sweet was important: that despite his personal feelings about his sisters, he had to be shown to be doing what needed to be done. Also sadly with two living brothers, Sansa and Arya were not as important. He later regrets not trying to do more for them (or at least trying to form an alliance with the Tyrells by marrying Sansa to the Knight of Flowers). It is the deaths of Bran and Rickon that motivates Cat to try and get her daughters back and Robb to sleep with Jeyne. That is one of the reasons both Cat and Robb can sort of understand what the otherone has done. It's Edmure that locks Cat up, not Robb.
Now we have petulant show Robb who is now trying to fob off his responsibilities and getting all whiny about the personal cost of leadership. Being raised to be a high lord has many of the same expectations and duties as a prince  being raised to be a king. So instead of choosing the honour of a highborn maid (which was an issue, due to social norms) he is clearly sleeping with this girl from Essos (who has no quams about jumping into bed with him) who as a battleside nurse falls dangerously close to the camp follower category, and presumably decides rather than keep his word, he is just going to do what he wants and marry her, consequences be damned. The unfortunate side effect is that it makes him look childish and because the Tullys haven't been introduced he is no going to be forcing Edmure to help him cover his mistake and that he cares nothing for his sisters. His sisters weren't worth losing bannermen, but when it came to his own personal desires he was doing what he wanted.
1125	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-22	I somehow softened my stance to all this Jane-is-Talisa story. Though her background story is a bit dumb.
However, Talisa character, as they portrayed her in the Tv show , looks like someone who would stop Robb from breaking his oath to Freys and endangering himself and his cause.
Also,she is a foreigner from Volantis and it would be less shameful for Robb (although he is noble ad has his fathers example) not to marry her.
On the other hand, Jane Westerling from the books is a daughter from a poor but very noble house of Westeros and it would be greater shame and more difficult  for Robb just to to leave her after open sexual relationship.
1126	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-22	I wonder how they're gonna solve this to make it believeable. Because for me, it absolutely doesn't make any sense why he would throw away the Frey-alliance for Talisa. Robb sure doesn't have to marry Talisa imo, as was the case with Jeyne Westerling.
1127	Rapsie	2012-05-22	Also given the world setting, Robb should most certainly be disdainful of marrying a girl who is going to jump into bed with him so easily. In the books Robb felt he has dishonoured Jeyne and therefore, she would be ruined because of it.
1128	mcb	2012-05-22	I wonder how they're gonna solve this to make it believeable. Because for me, it absolutely doesn't make any sense why he would throw away the Frey-alliance for Talisa. Robb sure doesn't have to marry Talisa imo, as was the case with Jeyne Westerling.He didn't have to marry Jeyne, either. He dishonored Talisa exactly the same way as he dishonored Jeyne. There really isn't that big a difference besides Talisa being an actual character with actual lines, instead of just a plot device of doom.Also given the world setting, Robb should most certainly be disdainful of marrying a girl who is going to jump into bed with him so easily. In the books Robb felt he has dishonoured Jeyne and therefore, she would be ruined because of it.Was Jeyne Westerling a reluctant victim of his unwanted advances? I was under the impression that she "jumped into bed with him" just as easily.
1129	Rapsie	2012-05-22	Was Jeyne Westerling a reluctant victim of his unwanted advances? I was under the impression that she "jumped into bed with him" just as easily.There was always the impression that Robb felt he had maybe taken advantage of her. She was technically his prisoner as he had captured the Crag, which even though it seems consensual, may have weighed on his conscience. Also Jeyne wasn't following an army around. Given the world setting, women who followed in the wake of armies were generally not maids.
1130	David Selig	2012-05-22	Was Jeyne Westerling a reluctant victim of his unwanted advances? I was under the impression that she "jumped into bed with him" just as easily. I'd say Jeyne "jumped into bed" much more easily. She knew Robb for what, a day or two, before that? I don't think the exact time is mentioned in the books, but that was my impression. And Robb was feverish most of the time.
1131	Bride of Winter	2012-05-22	I don't have time to read the whole thread right now, but I completely agree with the OP. 
and also - considering they made such a point about how Talisa isn't a ~conventional Lady~, I doubt Robb will be marrying her to protect her honor. It'll most likely be because he's in wuv with her. gag me. 
Robb was my favorite asoiaf character but at this rate in the show I'll probably be rooting for his death by the time the red wedding comes along.
1132	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-22	He didn't have to marry Jeyne, either. He dishonored Talisa exactly the same way as he dishonored Jeyne. There really isn't that big a difference besides Talisa being an actual character with actual lines, instead of just a plot device of doom.Difference is pretty big. In a medieval setting of Wetseros Talissa is..almost nothing..some stranger from Volantis that follows the army.. unless she helps the wounded because she is a nun.Jane Westerling, on the other hand,  comes from very noble house and was Robb's captive of sort
1133	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I think the point being is that often honor and code requires and causes irresolvable conflicts.  JL is a perfect embodiment of this.  By trying to do the right thing with Jeyne ne: Talisa, robb is doing dishonor.
1134	AdiTarg	2012-05-22	I find the main problem with the story is Robb as a character.
Like in the books, he is a very one dimensional character. He just do. He doesn't have an agenda, he doesn't develop besides becoming king in the north, again something that fell upon him, not something he aspired to do.
The TV show doesn't do a great job wit the character either. He doesn't know what to do after he has one, and that's a man who is king and people die for him. How stupid is that? He just fights for justice, and that's it.
So the story of him is just left uninteresting, because the character itself is just that. Uninteresting.
1135	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-22	I don't know. I would actually sympatize with Robb less if he followed the same draconic lawful honor that got his father killed. Honor is not a good thing. It is an archaic concept that allows for no compassion, mercy, or humanity.O_oHonor n. personal integrity; allegiance to moral principles.Yes a terrible thing is honor, the world would be a much better place without people of integrity.OT. I don't see much difference between falling into a woman's arms who has shown you compassion out of grief, and falling into her arms through a bond of friendship and mutual respect developed over several weeks of observing her and conversing with her and coming to love her character. If either situation leads you to break an agreement then that moment of weakness is isn't justified in either case. The difference, I think, is more about maturity. Book Robb was less mature than TV Robb. Maturity includes acting and thinking more rationally and less impulsively especially in matters of state. Sadlyt lacking in many people who are actually in charge of matters of state. Therefore in book Robb impulsive immature behaviour is more understandable than with TV Robb. Although if we consider TV Robb to still be less than 20 I'd say impulsive immature behavour is still understandable.In fact in the cultural context no one would care that Robb boned the nurse, "he has a man's needs". The deal with the Freyys is still on. Walder Frey never demanded Robb be a virgin, in fact I bet Walder Frey would think it odd in the extreme if Robb was a virgin. So even boning Florence Bonesaw (that you unsullied) isn't a problem. What's the problem with this story line really? There is perhaps one way they can credibly justify Robb marrying a foreigner and thus breaking the agreeement with Walder Frey. Is Robb going to play the "a king does what he wants" card? Robb just got done proclaiming that's not the sort of king he wants to be. If Flo Bo demands he marry her because she's now been sullied, well I can see that credibly happening only if she IS a Lannister mole. I think if she gets her 30 pieces of silver after the red wedding and finds herself well set up in Lannisport with a smile on her face, then that could almost work. But still, who among the Lords and Cat will buy for a minute that Robb needs to marry a nobody nurse from the enemy lands simply because he did the nasty with her. Even if Robb says she's a highborn lady from Volantis, and even if the lords believe him, they wouldn't care. What's Volantis and the honor of those houses matter to those Lords? Those Lords might not like the Freys but they know how prickly Frey is and they know the massive risk of pissing off Frey is not worth having Robb marry a nobody. So even if Flo Bo is a mole who's purpose was to get in with Robb and force him to break his agreement with Frey, I can't see how the writers will be able to achieve this result retaining credible character behaviours other than deceitful Flo Bo herself.If Flo Bo's feelings for Robb are genuine and they selfishly get married (which of course they must), then yes that is so much cheese I'll start believing David and Dan must be French.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 22 May 2012 - 06:16 AM.
1136	David Selig	2012-05-22	Why is marrying for love so much worse than because of "protecting her honor"? I think they are equally bad in terms of irresponsibility and short-sightedness. How can the honor of one girl be worth it losing 4000 soldiers at a time of vicious war when the enemies were outnumbering Robb's forces? I don't see how Book Robb's behaviour is more sympathetic. At least the TV Robb would break his vow for a woman he knows well and their relationship was given time to develop (yeah, it's a badly written cliche, I know, but this is not the point). Book Robb did it for someone he met a day or two before the marriage and she was even supposed to be an enemy.
 Besides, I've always maintained that the more honorable course of action for Robb would've been to keep the vow he gave to the Freys.
1137	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Also given the world setting, Robb should most certainly be disdainful of marrying a girl who is going to jump into bed with him so easily. In the books Robb felt he has dishonoured Jeyne and therefore, she would be ruined because of it.the tv producers have thrown out that them completely. Class distinction doesnt exist.  Talisa sitting when talking to a king, walking into his tent, tywin having a conversation or 10 with a cupbearer.  One of the many losses of the transition from book to tv
1138	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Why is marrying for love so much worse than because of "protecting her honor"? I think they are equally bad in terms of irresponsibility and short-sightedness. How can the honor of one girl be worth it losing 4000 soldiers at a time of vicious war when the enemies were outnumbering Robb's forces? I don't see how Book Robb's behaviour is more sympathetic. At least the TV Robb would break his vow for a woman he knows well and their relationship was given time to develop (yeah, it's a badly written cliche, I know, but this is not the point). Book Robb did it for someone he met a day or two before the marriage and she was even supposed to be an enemy. Besides, I've always maintained that the more honorable course of action for Robb would've been to keep the vow he gave to the Freys.I think the difference is book robb was lonely, wounded and grief stricken when a beautiful maid nurses him back to life, he has a moment of weakness succumbing to lust.  Then due to a conflict of honor decides to marryCompare that to TV robb who for weeks or months flirts with a pretty nurse (who in the contect of the setting is little more than a camp follower), who lectures others on betrayal who is repeatedly told to remember your commitment to the freys) falls for the pretty stranger. the tv robb seems to be more calculated in his lustful pursuit, which makes it less sympathetic than it happening as a result of a momentary lapse in judgement.
1139	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-22	Why is marrying for love so much worse than because of "protecting her honor"? I think they are equally bad in terms of irresponsibility and short-sightedness. How can the honor of one girl be worth it losing 4000 soldiers at a time of vicious war when the enemies were outnumbering Robb's forces? I don't see how Book Robb's behaviour is more sympathetic. At least the TV Robb would break his vow for a woman he knows well and their relationship was given time to develop (yeah, it's a badly written cliche, I know, but this is not the point). Book Robb did it for someone he met a day or two before the marriage and she was even supposed to be an enemy. Besides, I've always maintained that the more honorable course of action for Robb would've been to keep the vow he gave to the Freys.Of course it would. Point is that Robb has been acting quite stupidly. He should've listened to his mother (not that she's acting wisely) and he should've done it the first time.However, I still believe that he had to marry Jeyne, while he doesn't have to marry Talisa. And if he doesn't marry Talisa, the producers have to make something up to lose the Frey-alliance.
1140	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-22	@ Morrigan You explain it very well. I would not fell sorry when the Frey take care of him that's for sure.
1141	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	I'm beginning to tire of the "jon is young and inexperienced so he has to make mistakes" rebuttel.
His training while growing up in Winterfell has already been mentioned so lets just begin with his experience at the nw.
1) clearly the best recruit in his class, everyone expected him to be a ranger
2) instead he was selected as the lord commanders steward, the producers of te show even stated that te selection was to groom him for command.
3) saves lord commanders life along with ghost when he was attacked by a wight.
4) very quick to learn his lessons from the yard when he was bullying the other recruits
5) takes tarly under his wing and becomes a leader of his new class.
So do i even need to spell out how far he's backtracked this season, its like he became a grenn/tarly from training class all over again.  Its all regression, no progression.  He's chastised like a child multiple times amd seems more out of place than even samwell tarly.
1142	Ferrous	2012-05-22	The only plausible reason for show Robb to marry Tallisa is if she gets pregnant.
1143	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	The only plausible reason for show Robb to marry Tallisa is if she gets pregnant.except for the whole moon tea thing
1144	mcb	2012-05-22	Difference is pretty big. In a medieval setting of Wetseros Talissa is..almost nothing..some stranger from Volantis that follows the army.. unless she helps the wounded because she is a nun.Jane Westerling, on the other hand,  comes from very noble house and was Robb's captive of sortRobb thinks Talisa is a lady, and the Westerlings in the books are little more than peasants with titles, a run-down castle and few swords. The two characters' standings aren't that much different.Jeyne wasn't Robb's captive: when the Crag capitulated, Jeyne certainly wasn't a part of the agreement. She quite voluntarily decided to nurse him (Robb certainly had his own medical staff more than capable to wipe his forehead and empty his chamber pot). Again, not that big a difference.And he certainly didn't have to marry Jeyne. True, he somewhat sullied her honor, but screwing her figuratively (after doing the same literally) was not only sounder politically, it was also more honorable option that marrying Jeyne and thus breaking his vow and screwing all his loyal vassals in one moronic move. Robb wasn't his own person, he didn't for her honor's sake sacrifice his own honor, he sacrificed the honor of House Stark and his entire kingdom. A single most suicidally stupid play in the books, trumping Ned's poor excuse for a coup and Tywin's taunting the man with a crossbow aimed at his stomach.So no, Book Robb's foolishness wasn't by any measure better, more justified, more logical, more honorable or more understandable.
1145	Cressit	2012-05-22	Why is marrying for love so much worse than because of "protecting her honor"? I think they are equally bad in terms of irresponsibility and short-sightedness. How can the honor of one girl be worth it losing 4000 soldiers at a time of vicious war when the enemies were outnumbering Robb's forces? I don't see how Book Robb's behaviour is more sympathetic. At least the TV Robb would break his vow for a woman he knows well and their relationship was given time to develop (yeah, it's a badly written cliche, I know, but this is not the point). Book Robb did it for someone he met a day or two before the marriage and she was even supposed to be an enemy. Besides, I've always maintained that the more honorable course of action for Robb would've been to keep the vow he gave to the Freys.Yes, well put.  I just can't wrap my head around the notion of Jeyne Westerling's honor being worth more than Robb's solemn duty to judiciously lead and protect the thousands of men who've pledged their lives to him, left their homes and families, etc.  Book-Robb is in no way any more honorable than HBO-Robb.
1146	Rapsie	2012-05-22	The Westerlings were far above peasant with Swords. Kevin says they had been considering marry Jeyne to one of his sons, but it was the Essos based grandmother who married into the Spicers that stopped them because their lineage wasn't good enough. The Westerlings may have been below the Starks, and Jaime reckoned they would be married off to second or third sons, but they were still Westerosi Nobility. Talisa is according to herself a Lady, but her behaviour and her station as a battlefield nurse make her of dubious reputation. 
Robb falling in love and breaking a pact and losing a huge proportion of his bannermen because of his personal desires, when he has left is sisters to be abused in KL because he said he has to set aside his personal desire to free them in favour of keeping his Bannermen sweet makes him rather than a tragic young man who felt the pressure of honoring a noble girl he had deflowered in a moment of illness and sorrow over Bran and Rickon, in to a self indulgent hypocrite and certainly not up to the duties and personal sacrifices required of a High Lord or King.
1147	Ferrous	2012-05-22	except for the whole moon tea thingMight not apply in the show?
1148	Bride of Winter	2012-05-22	and this is the problem. I wanted to see this story. I wanted to see the story of Robb in the west. But what they came up is just awful. On any show, this plotline would have been terrible.For Robb, it is certainly against what the book Robb would have done. Show Robb just saw this hot girl on the battlefield and started pursuing her. Which, yknow, would have been fine. It's essentially a different story with many of the characters exhibiting many changes. Buuut, this story is just not good or interesting.I'd have rather they changed the story to have Robb marry a Frey and not give us a red wedding than, shove this trite plotline at usexactly. if they simply wanted to give Robb more screen time, they easily could have accomplished that by following him into the Westerlands and showing the plotline we didn't see in the book (a plotline many of us were looking forward to in the show)but instead they're boring us to tears with this "new and improved!!!!!" love story, and have ruined his character in the process.
1149	ARYa_Nym	2012-05-22	I don't see why Book Robb had to marry Jeyne.
Barbrey Ryswell was still able to be married after Brandon dishonored her for example. There are examples of non-virgins still being able to advance themselves by marriage like Lysa and Cersei.
 I could see it more if Jeyne was pregnant but even then Robb could still get one of his bannermen to marry her in his place.
1150	mcb	2012-05-22	The Westerlings were far above peasant with Swords.Right. Like I said, they also had titles. Robb falling in love and breaking a pact and losing a huge proportion of his bannermen because of his personal desires, when he has left is sisters to be abused in KL because he said he has to set aside his personal desire to free them in favour of keeping his Bannermen sweet makes him rather than a tragic young man who felt the pressure of honoring a noble girl he had deflowered in a moment of illness and sorrow over Bran and Rickon, in to a self indulgent hypocrite and certainly not up to the duties and personal sacrifices required of a High Lord or King.First, please use this "." punctuation mark more often than once a paragraph, it was hard to read. Second: marrying a girl he fell in love with and marrying a girl he deflowered in a moment of weakness make him exactly the same. A monumental, self-destructive idiot. It wasn't even "honorable", considering that he broke his oath to the Freys after the Freys delivered their part of the bargain. The sex itself, the reason, mechanics, positions, people and toys involved - all of it was irrelevant. Doesn't matter whether he fell in love with Talisa, had a moment of weakness with Jeyne, or had a drunken one-night stand with Greatjon Umber. The fact that after the coitus he decided "we have to get married now and piss on my royal word" - that was the problem. A man who treated his promise that way indeed showed to be not up to the task thrust upon him. And you think the show "ruined" it simply because now we aren't sure whether the girl is of aristocratic pedigree?
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 22 May 2012 - 09:31 AM.
1151	fede989	2012-05-22	I think that if the relationship between Robb and Talisa had been better written, and if the actors had more chemistry, this discussion wouldn't exist. The idea behind all of it is fair enough, maybe even more sensible that in the books. It just been very poorly delivered.
By the way, I don't think they are going to get marry this season, and there's something that still tells me she might be Jayne.
					
					
							Edited by fede989, 22 May 2012 - 09:59 AM.
1152	Reposado	2012-05-22	. I don't see much difference between falling into a woman's arms who has shown you compassion out of grief, and falling into her arms through a bond of friendship and mutual respect developed over several weeks of observing her and conversing with her and coming to love her character.there isn't much difference if you put it like that. the difference is in how he arrived at both situations. in the first, he was thrust into a place where weakness prevailed.  in the second, he actively pursued the situation for weeks. he observed her character and conversed with her, learning her qualities only because he courted temptation.
1153	birdsong66	2012-05-22	I don't see why Book Robb had to marry Jeyne.[b]Barbrey Ryswell was still able to be married after Brandon dishonored her for example. There are examples of non-virgins still being able to advance themselves by marriage like Lysa and Cersei.[b]I could see it more if Jeyne was pregnant but even then Robb could still get one of his bannermen to marry her in his place.Robb doesn't have to marry Jeyne.  It is his own sense of honor that determines that as the honorable course.Lysa was married off to JA because the rebellion needed Hoster's support, army, etc., and the only way to get it was to marry one daughter to a Stark and the other to an Aryn.  Lysa's maidenhood had little to do with it other than Jon Aryn was the only one willing to make the  "sacrifice" of marrying a deflowered highborn girl.Outside of  immediate Lannister family members, no one knew Cercei was not a virgin. In any case, I think that Talisa made it clear that she does not subject herself to the accepted customs of Westerosi maidens, and thus her deflowering, if that is what happened, is not the monumental action that Robb should think it is requiring that he break vows, and marry her.
1154	mcb	2012-05-22	I think that if the relationship between Robb and Talisa had been better written, and if the actors had more chemistry, this discussion wouldn't exist. Of course it would, by the right of "they changed it, now it sucks". Every single change to the plot is contested.
1155	Lord Over	2012-05-22	I didn't see Talisa as being a virgin, she seemed very experienced.
1156	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I don't see why Book Robb had to marry Jeyne. Barbrey Ryswell was still able to be married after Brandon dishonored her for example. There are examples of non-virgins still being able to advance themselves by marriage like Lysa and Cersei. I could see it more if Jeyne was pregnant but even then Robb could still get one of his bannermen to marry her in his place.i think robb is foreshadowed by the revelation by cat that her sister was not a virgin when she married jon arryn (Presumably by LF).  Cat shows disgust at her father for selling Lysa for spears and swords because Lysa was somehow lessened by not being a virgin
1157	Clariana	2012-05-22	I don't understand why we should consider Robb a virgin either... In the series at least. Theon was boinking Ros... Jon had the opportunity... Would it be far fetched to suggest Robb was involved? I don't think so.As for Robb's virginity being an issue I'd agree with all those above that it is not at all.  After all Walder Frey has sired almost as many children outside marriage as inside it and does nothing to hide it, au contraire...As for the series plot... Is it still possible that Talisa is Jayne?Perhaps they decide to marry because they are personally compatible which would be a very large challenge to the practices of the time and would reflect well on Robb...
1158	ARYa_Nym	2012-05-22	Robb doesn't have to marry Jeyne. It is his own sense of honor that determines that as the honorable course. Lysa was married off to JA because the rebellion needed Hoster's support, army, etc., and the only way to get it was to marry one daughter to a Stark and the other to an Aryn. Lysa's maidenhood had little to do with it other than Jon Aryn was the only one willing to make the "sacrifice" of marrying a deflowered highborn girl. Outside of immediate Lannister family members, no one knew Cercei was not a virgin. In any case, I think that Talisa made it clear that she does not subject herself to the accepted customs of Westerosi maidens, and thus her deflowering, if that is what happened, is not the monumental action that Robb should think it is requiring that he break vows, and marry her.I think both TV and Book Robb put Jeyne/Talisa first. TV Robb put Talisa first for love and Book Robb saw Jeyne's honor as more important than the honor of his house or the honor of upholding his agreement with House Frey.
1159	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-22	Robb thinks Talisa is a lady, and the Westerlings in the books are little more than peasants with titles, a run-down castle and few swords. The two characters' standings aren't that much different. Jeyne wasn't Robb's captive: when the Crag capitulated, Jeyne certainly wasn't a part of the agreement. She quite voluntarily decided to nurse him (Robb certainly had his own medical staff more than capable to wipe his forehead and empty his chamber pot). Again, not that big a difference. And he certainly didn't have to marry Jeyne. True, he somewhat sullied her honor, but screwing her figuratively (after doing the same literally) was not only sounder politically, it was also more honorable option that marrying Jeyne and thus breaking his vow and screwing all his loyal vassals in one moronic move. Robb wasn't his own person, he didn't for her honor's sake sacrifice his own honor, he sacrificed the honor of House Stark and his entire kingdom. A single most suicidally stupid play in the books, trumping Ned's poor excuse for a coup and Tywin's taunting the man with a crossbow aimed at his stomach. So no, Book Robb's foolishness wasn't by any measure better, more justified, more logical, more honorable or more understandable.Westerlings are FAR more than peasants with swords. They are one of the oldest families descending from the First Men.As I said, in medieval settings of  Westeros it means a world of difference. Talissa is almost nothing according to their standards.So, he did have to marry Jane much , much more than some camp-follower from Volantis who might or might not be what she says she is. We are talking abot the world where social rank s everything.So his act in the books are more understandable and logical and justified. I don't know about honorable though. He did have obligations to Freys.Yes, he could've decided not to marry Jane but that would be scandal of sort and both of them would be shamed.If he chose not to marry Talisa no one would notice because no one IS noticing her because she is nobody.
1160	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	BTW, from what I remember of the preseason show, they have a clip of Robb saying I Love Her, that would obvioiusly have to be Talisa at this point
1161	Clariana	2012-05-22	If he chose not to marry Talisa no one would notice because no one IS noticing her because she is nobody.Apart from Roose who is scowling at her at the beginning of almost every scene, probably because he thinks she is no-one and Robb is wasting his time with her...
1162	Morvran	2012-05-22	Just replying to the OP, I don't think the series has ruined Robb at all.  If anything, it has enhanced the character somewhat.  
He has broken his vow in the show, just as in the book.  But we actually get to SEE why (whether you actually like the 'why' is an entirely different topic).  We get more of Robb in the series than in the book, and that will pay off the closer we get to the RW.
1163	sagaz	2012-05-22	I didn't have a problem with them showing his romance with Jeyne on-screen rather than off. But that isn't what they've done, now is it. They made up a totally different story instead, and it unfortunately, it just. plain. sucks even when ignoring the books. Not only that, but I would go so far as to say that it goes completely against Robb's character. Let's summarize here. Book-Robb is a boy of 15 (full of raging hormones); he took an injury at the Crag; he heard of his brothers's deaths and is grieving. During all that he is "comforted" by a woman in a moment of understandable weakness. After that happens, he feels honour-bound to marry her. Book-Robb is the son of Ned Stark, and just like Ned, he takes oaths and hononour seriously.Well, I think is more interesting in the show that he actually love the girl. This is a change I favor.He would have never deliberately broken his vow to the Freys like that, and when it does happen, he feels stupid and terrible and tries his hardest to make amends.No, It's better. I think it picture him being a child in a more "powerful" way. I didn't find anything remarkable in being sad and have sex with the next girl around and feeling honour bound.TV-Robb: is a man grown (I assume he's supposed to be 18-20?); he is not injured; he has not learned of Bran and Rickon's deaths and is not grieving. He's not in any sort of particular trouble. He even had his mother around to remind him of his duty and his oath to the Freys. Yet he's palling around with some sexy wench and clearly states he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl.It's understandable and he explains it very clearly. when Catelyn made that promise he was time pressed. Thinking from now it doesn't matter. And the scene where Robb/Talissa were discussing this It's very good depicting her interest and how upset she was when they were interrupted, like two people in the limb only seeing and hearing each other. Very good acting by Oona ChaplinHe deliberately breaks his vow and doesn't even have second thoughts about it. What made Robb sympathetic was because he was so much like Ned, and took his oath and his honour so seriously, and he was young and naive, and he actually married Jeyne because of his Ned-like honour as a Stark.eeerr...no, because he's in love and the only thing separating him from this girl is the promise to the Frey's. This make his flaw more sympathetic to me, a guy in love vs. a young man with a moment of weakness. I don't need the guilt.There is none, and absolutely none of that in his story with Talissa. Not only is the story contrary to the spirit of the novel, but even judged by its own merit as TV, it's bad. It's a clichA©d Hollywood romance with little believability to it. And it takes away a lot of the tragedy of the Red Wedding since Robb pretty much has it coming. Personally the Red Wedding made me upset because of Catelyn's suffering (losing her "last" son) and death more than Robb's death, but by giving more attention to Robb, the TV series could have changed that. Well, so much for that... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I absolutely cannot agree with you. I don't know what you think is a good romance, really. But this is something this tv show is constructing since the episode where she cuts the leg and he hold the head of the man injured. It isn't out of nowhere. And the acting of Richard Madden in this episode was superb. Two faces: the one when she enters the room and start talking...that "almost" smile of a man totally pleased and infatuated (well, he played Romeo, he must know); and the other, when he's realizing that he doesn't want to marry the frey girl and the way he blurted it. It was good acting as you can get, and I really enjoyed the scene. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />(I think I became a fan of Madden's acting and will be following his career...)Coming back to the books, I think this change makes RW more tragic and changes the point of the mistake. The mistake is not Robb entangled with Jeyne, the mistake is the promise to the Freys (something that Robb actually didn't do!!).edit: clarification
					
					
							Edited by sagaz, 22 May 2012 - 10:32 AM.
1164	Envie	2012-05-22	I'm going to confess I did not read all 7 pages of this raging debate. I'm late to the party but just wanted to support Morrigan's efforts in defending this post. There are a lot of very passionate people in this community and everyone has their personal favorites in the books as well as the series. Many like to compare / contrast the two while others (called "Book Purists" by some) seem to get really hung up on little details that are either left out, changed or added in ways the book never did that they disagree with or hate.I don't see Morrigan's post as that at all. I'm willing to say that the Robb Stark story, for lack of more detail in Clash of Kings, was left far too wide open for vast changes and liberties the producers took with that opportunity and ran with it. Whether you agree with the direction they took it or not, I don't think anyone can argue with the point that its much different than most other plot lines in the series and has had a lot more changes. Here's the bottom line though, I can't figure out at all why they felt the changes they've made to the Robb / Jeyne story were necessary in this case.Sure, there are budget and filming reasons to drop characters that may not be essential to propelling the plot at this time in the series such as the Reeds, or many of the side characters in Arya's Harrenhal adventures (Weese for example). There are also some stated reasons for changing characters names (as with Asha / Yara). There are also valid reasons for adding characters such as Ros, who essentially takes the place of Alayaya and ends up being quite a useful exposition tool throughout the first two seasons.But with Jeyne Westerling... I cannot for the life of me figure out why they not only have changed her name, her family heritage/backstory, but they've totally changed her motivations as well as the plot for how she and Robb Stark came to marry and ultimately betray the Frey agreement which was really really important and stressed again and again in the book as a huge turning point in the book and led to the Red Wedding. After watching all the episodes thus far up to Robb's love scene with "Talisa"... I am just scratching my head in confusion over how lame it seems to be playing out. Not just their awkward acting (which is entirely contrived since of course these scenes were never in the book) but the entire flow of the story seems disjointed and off kilter from whatever was implied and revealed in the books. The facts, as Morrigan posted in the OP, are completely skewed.I like the actor they chose for Robb Stark. I felt they were going in a great direction with his character portrayal in Season 1, something we couldn't identify with as easily from the books. You end up liking the heroic young wolf of the north a lot more. I can't figure out why they felt his 'honor' needed destroyed by porking this Volantis chick (for lack of a better word) who is clearly not much like Jeyne Westerling AT ALL... not in the physical way she was described, nor in the way she acts / behaves around Robb. In the books she was supposedly quite shy, almost painfully so, which Catelyn remarked about several times. One of the best lines of the books was that she was "not worth losing a kingdom over" or something similar in regards to Robb's decision to betray the Frey agreement in choosing to marry Jeyne for 'honor'... which he doesn't do in the series AT ALL.I agree with someone else's assessment a few pages back that one of the beauties of the book was that pretty much all the characters had some gray area that couldn't be attributed to good or bad... and some areas that seemed like a good call but ended up being just selfish motivations that end up getting them into trouble. The Jeyne Westerling story for Robb was his huge gray area, his one big mistake after doing so well in battle... and for them to make it a somewhat less meaningful 'fling' like they have in the series really does diminish the overall importance of this significant turning point in the war. As we all know - this key critical moment caused his entire campaign to fall apart from here on out. Why diminish that significance with making Jeyne Westerling some 'unknown' woman he decides to bump uglies with on the floor? At least they gave Stannis the dignity of porking Melisandre on the battle plan table! Ugh. I really don't understand some of these gratuitous sex scenes other than yes, the simple need for a sex component in an HBO series. These could have been done much differently and still been great sex and in line with the book which had plenty of great and even gratuitous sex in it.So yes, in ending my essay, I agree with Morrigan.Nitpick all you like about whether or not Robb married Jeyne for 'honor' and was like Ned Stark or just another selfish bastard like everyone else in the books all you like - that's subject to personal opinion on reading the books for yourself. But you cannot argue they changed the Jeyne Westerling story so drastically it barely resembles anything at all from the book. Love or hate those changes...there they are. How will this change the rest of Robb's story? I don't know yet. But my opinion is that they've already lessened it a great deal. I look forward to watching it play out, nonetheless. Overall I love the series. I don't love the Jeyne Westerling story at all even though I think Oona Chaplin is a very sexy actress and a decent actor, my opinion again, is that she was mis-cast in the role of Jeyne Westerling and would have made a much better Shae or someone else honestly.
1165	mcb	2012-05-22	Westerlings are FAR more than peasants with swords. They are one of the oldest families descending from the First Men.As I said, in medieval settings of  Westeros it means a world of difference. Talissa is almost nothing according to their standards.So, he did have to marry Jane much , much more than some camp-follower from Volantis who might or might not be what she says she is. We are talking abot the world where social rank s everything.No, social rank most certainly is not everything. The Westerlings are an old house, true, but at the same time insignificant one. In contrast to the upstart, but powerful Freys. Clearly no one sees marrying with a Westerling, instead of a Frey, as a good trade. That's because we're talking about the world where social rank clearly isn't everything.And you're another person who to my "they were little more than peasants with a run-down castle, titles and few swords" replies to "not true, not just peasants with swords, they had titles, too!". Tiresome.So his act in the books are more understandable and logical and justified. I don't know about honorable though. He did have obligations to Freys.Yes, he could've decided not to marry Jane but that would be scandal of sort and both of them would be shamed.If he chose not to marry Talisa no one would notice because no one IS noticing her because she is nobody.If he chose not to marry Jeyne, no one not named Westerling would give a rat's ass. And since the Westerlings are scarce and insignificant, it would be pretty much the same as "no one".
1166	mcb	2012-05-22	Nitpick all you like about whether or not Robb married Jeyne for 'honor' and was like Ned Stark or just another selfish bastard like everyone else in the books all you like - that's subject to personal opinion on reading the books for yourself. But you cannot argue they changed the Jeyne Westerling story so drastically it barely resembles anything at all from the book.Sure I can. What they changed is an insignificant detail (at least until we go into the whole "pregnant or not" issue, which is book 5/book 6 territory anyway). Making his doom device into an actual character, giving her lines to read, showing some sort of buildup to the fuckup, is better storytelling than the diabolus ex machina in the novel. But for the bottom line it's as much irrelevant as the shape of the Hand's badge of office: in the books it's a chain, and at the end Tyrion uses it to strangle Shae; in the TV show it's a brooch, so clearly that solution of Shae-Tyrion's relationship went out of the window. Yet it makes virtually no difference."Robb married some chick named Talisa, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding" is next to identical to "Robb married Jeyne, a maiden from noble but insignificant House Westerling, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding".
1167	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-22	No, social rank most certainly is not everything. The Westerlings are an old house, true, but at the same time insignificant one. In contrast to the upstart, but powerful Freys. Clearly no one sees marrying with a Westerling, instead of a Frey, as a good trade. That's because we're talking about the world where social rank clearly isn't everything. And you're another person who to my "they were little more than peasants with a run-down castle, titles and few swords" replies to "not true, not just peasants with swords, they had titles, too!". Tiresome. If he chose not to marry Jeyne, no one not named Westerling would give a rat's ass. And since the Westerlings are scarce and insignificant, it would be pretty much the same as "no one".In that setting it is very, very important though not everything. Money and wealth also add to social rank in this regard so, yes, Freys are more desirable as allies.But in this regard, Talissa is nobody.As for Westerlings....http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/House_WesterlingThere is always a difference between old nobility and nouveau riches .We all know what happened to Lisa Tully and what social rank (and wealth and power) meant in that matter. Also see Littlefinger and Davos. They got money and power but were always regarded as less.If he chose not to marry Jane that story would always follow him, forever. If he chose not to mary Talisa nobody would remember it.
1168	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-22	"Robb married some chick named Talisa, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding" is next to identical to "Robb married Jeyne, a maiden from noble but insignificant House Westerling, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding".This is where you are wrong. They didn't just took different route, by doing this they have changed Robb's character and motivations and it is a pretty big deal.
1169	Envie	2012-05-22	Sure I can. What they changed is an insignificant detail (at least until we go into the whole "pregnant or not" issue, which is book 5/book 6 territory anyway). Making his doom device into an actual character, giving her lines to read, showing some sort of buildup to the fuckup, is better storytelling than the diabolus ex machina in the novel. But for the bottom line it's as much irrelevant as the shape of the Hand's badge of office: in the books it's a chain, and at the end Tyrion uses it to strangle Shae; in the TV show it's a brooch, so clearly that solution of Shae-Tyrion's relationship went out of the window. Yet it makes virtually no difference. "Robb married some chick named Talisa, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding" is next to identical to "Robb married Jeyne, a maiden from noble but insignificant House Westerling, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding".Ok, I'll buy your argument about the base plot still being Robb makes a mistake and gets killed, but that's about it. My argument should have stated I felt Jeyne Westerling has been changed so much as to not resemble the books at all. My apologies for not stating that correctly. The character of Jeyne Westerling has been changed entirely. Maybe you think that makes no difference and isn't such a drastic diversion from the author's portrayal of her - at that point, its your opinion over mine or anyone else who steps into a long debate like this and that's ok just so long as others are willing to keep it as civil as you have. The problem seems to be when people feel their opinion of the changes to the story are so drastic (or so valid) that it has made the show terrible (or fantastic) and they resort to insulting anyone who defends those changes or likes/hates it. (Not that I'm saying you're doing that because you're not at all) I think people should debate facts of changes and not theories and opinions but of course that's impossible. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I guess in my point of view, part of what made the Jeyne Westerling debacle so painful and tragic was that she was "Plain Jane" so-to-speak and nothing of importance that should have cost Robb Stark his claim as King in the North as well as his life. It's almost as if they wanted "Talisa" to be sexier and more mysterious so people will either think she's much less 'worth it' or much MORE worth it and that's why I'm so confused. What were they going for with the actor they chose and with the way she's portraying the character?
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 22 May 2012 - 11:38 AM.
1170	Pellaeon	2012-05-22	This is where you are wrong. They didn't just took different route, by doing this they have changed Robb's character and motivations and it is a pretty big deal. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1171	sagaz	2012-05-22	I think that if the relationship between Robb and Talisa had been better written, and if the actors had more chemistry, this discussion wouldn't exist. The idea behind all of it is fair enough, maybe even more sensible that in the books. It just been very poorly delivered. By the way, I don't think they are going to get marry this season, and there's something that still tells me she might be Jayne.[...]  After watching all the episodes thus far up to Robb's love scene with "Talisa"... I am just scratching my head in confusion over how lame it seems to be playing out. Not just their awkward acting (which is entirely contrived since of course these scenes were never in the book) but the entire flow of the story seems disjointed and off kilter from whatever was implied and revealed in the books. [...]I really want to discuss acting (I think I'm going to create a thread to do that) but in this specific scene...what is poorly delivered? you can like or not the changes... but I really want to know in what way this is awkward or poorly delivered(I have no animosity, I'm just curious /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )
1172	teemo	2012-05-22	They definitely ruined his character, and since he'll die before he can redeem himself, it's over for him.  He looks like a jackass.  At least in the books he was injured, away from camp, and had an excuse...a beautiful nurse was taking care of him.  Back at the camp with Jeyne, he was all business again.  He was foolish for breaking the pact, but he was being a naive 15 year old boy who didn't see the ramifications of his actions.  TV Robb is just a fool and kind of an asshole when you think of it.  He has a war going on around him and really all we see him focused on is Jeyne.  In the books, he was so tense about everything that he could barely even talk to Jeyne and she went to Catelyn for advice.  No wonder Roose keeps giving them looks of disdain, not to mention this chick just waltzes in his tent...really?  They butchered his character.  Go Roose!  And Jaime Lannister sends his regards. (and yeah, I never thought this in the books)Not to mention, these writers need to stay far, far away from romance writing.  Having cheesy romance at all goes exactly *against* ASOIAF.  Do you really think GRRM would write the kind of garbage dialogue they've exchanged?I guess in my point of view, part of what made the Jeyne Westerling debacle so painful and tragic was that she was "Plain Jane" so-to-speak and nothing of importance that should have cost Robb Stark his claim as King in the North as well as his life. It's almost as if they wanted "Talisa" to be sexier and more mysterious so people will either think she's much less 'worth it' or much MORE worth it and that's why I'm so confused. What were they going for with the actor they chose and with the way she's portraying the character?This. This. OMG THIS.  The writers are so focused on making every girl in the show a mysterious, bratty badass and it's tiring and unrealistic.  It also makes the whole story a lot less tragic, imo.  Not all girls are like Cersei or Arya. 
							Edited by hk47, 22 May 2012 - 12:05 PM.
1173	Envie	2012-05-22	I really want to discuss acting (I think I'm going to create a thread to do that) but in this specific scene...what is poorly delivered? you can like or not the changes... but I really want to know in what way this is awkward or poorly delivered (I have no animosity, I'm just curious /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )You can certainly start a thread about the acting abilities of various actors for various characters, plenty of people have done so. I don't want to derail the main point of the thread too much, which was about whether or not people agree / disagree with the changes to the original story / characters of Robb and Jeyne. But since I did say those things amongst my overall dislike for the Rob/Talisa story of the series, I'll humor you with my opinions on their acting. First of all, Robb has always come across as a little stiff. Personally I think this was intentional on the part of direction and the actor to make him appear more unbending and "Stark-like" comparable to Ned Stark. I'm ok with that. Secondly, they have the actor for Jeyne/Talisa behaving much much more saucy and "bratty" as hk47 put it...constantly challenging (even insulting a few times) Robb's motives, his decisions and his leadership. Is this how "Jeyne Westerling" acted in the book? No, we actually have no idea and so the directors had to make up a personality for her. Unfortunately, that personality seems to clash quite a bit with what little we know of Jeyne from the books and whenever she spoke to Catelyn or anyone else, it certainly wasn't in a saucy, defiant way by any means as the current "Talisa" character is being played out. Is that the fault of Oona Chaplin or her acting ability? Probably not at all. It was a decision of the producers to cast her and to have her act that way. Now, combine the two actors... stiff / semi-awkward Robb, making doe eyes at a deliberately challenging and disrespectful "Talisa" who is a mysterious woman on the battlefield tending the wounded. It seemed really awkward and not very realistic to me. I'm not sure this is so much the fault of the actors personally as it is the contrived storyline they've made up to put them in. The 'poor delivery' remark was in regards to the way their lines seemed stiff and unnatural in playing out the tensions and growing 'attraction' they had for one another which I just never felt was very intriguing or interesting. Regardless, it doesn't really work for me and for a great many other people who have criticized it on this forum as well.So hopefully that satisfies your curiosity as to why I disliked the 'acting' of the actors playing Robb and Talisa/Jeyne.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 22 May 2012 - 12:40 PM.
1174	sagaz	2012-05-22	You can certainly start a thread about the acting abilities of various actors for various characters, plenty of people have done so. I don't want to derail the main point of the thread too much, which was about whether or not people agree / disagree with the changes to the original story / characters of Robb and Jeyne. But since I did say those things amongst my overall dislike for the Rob/Talisa story of the series, I'll humor you with my opinions on their acting. First of all, Robb has always come across as a little stiff. Personally I think this was intentional on the part of direction and the actor to make him appear more unbending and "Stark-like" comparable to Ned Stark. I'm ok with that. Secondly, they have the actor for Jeyne/Talisa behaving much much more saucy and "bratty" as hk47 put it...constantly challenging (even insulting a few times) Robb's motives, his decisions and his leadership. Is this how "Jeyne Westerling" acted in the book? No, we actually have no idea and so the directors had to make up a personality for her. Unfortunately, that personality seems to clash quite a bit with what little we know of Jeyne from the books and whenever she spoke to Catelyn or anyone else, it certainly wasn't in a saucy, defiant way by any means as the current "Talisa" character is being played out. Is that the fault of Oona Chaplin or her acting ability? Probably not at all. It was a decision of the producers to cast her and to have her act that way. Now, combine the two actors... stiff / semi-awkward Robb, making doe eyes at a deliberately challenging and disrespectful "Talisa" who is a mysterious woman on the battlefield tending the wounded. It seemed really awkward and not very realistic to me. I'm not sure this is so much the fault of the actors personally as it is the contrived storyline they've made up to put them in. The 'poor delivery' remark was in regards to the way their lines seemed stiff and unnatural in playing out the tensions and growing 'attraction' they had for one another which I just never felt was very intriguing or interesting. Regardless, it doesn't really work for me and for a great many other people who have criticized it on this forum as well. So hopefully that satisfies your curiosity as to why I disliked the 'acting' of the actors playing Robb and Talisa/Jeyne.you're citing traits of the characters not the "acting" itself. for example I hate Joffrey with all my guts, in the books, and in the show,but Jack Gleeson is excellent, everytime he appears I want to hit him, the "when Stannis arrive I put a smile on his face" showing the knife, caused me the same reaction that Varys and Tyrion had. The "love" scene was very good, Madden portrayed the feeling very well, his face says it all, She is good but not so...she was very good in the previous scene when they were interrupted.
1175	fede989	2012-05-22	I really want to discuss acting (I think I'm going to create a thread to do that) but in this specific scene...what is poorly delivered? you can like or not the changes... but I really want to know in what way this is awkward or poorly delivered (I have no animosity, I'm just curious /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )I was not referring to actorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s delivery, but how the relationship has been delivered to the audience, and by that I mean the writing of it.By the way, I think Richard and Oona are two very good actors that unfortunately don't have much chemistry. If they did, I think they could make the script work, even if itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not best. Alas they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t so everything falls very flat to me.
					
					
							Edited by fede989, 22 May 2012 - 01:17 PM.
1176	mcb	2012-05-22	Ok, I'll buy your argument about the base plot still being Robb makes a mistake and gets killed, but that's about it. My argument should have stated I felt Jeyne Westerling has been changed so much as to not resemble the books at all. My apologies for not stating that correctly.Oh, no problem. Actually they built a brand new character from scratch; even if it's revealed that she is Jeyne of House Westerling incognito, it'll still will be a completely different character by the same name. But since Jeyne in the books spoke about half dozen lines, and appeared on as many pages, I can't say that I miss the old Jeyne. We have a lot of reshuffling characters an fact in the show. One of recent examples: Finchy Dagmer Cleftjaw assuming Ramsay's role as a little devil on Theon's shoulder.Regarding substitution of Talisa for Jeyne, I don't mind, since as I explained the story works better this way (IMAO). Robb saying: "and by the way, the new girl never even mentioned before is my wife" was an awful diabolus ex machina. Now if he marries her, it would at least be a girl he knows (not that it makes it less stupid in-universe; it's just not a total ass pull now). And as for the central question, whether they ruined Robb's character: in the books his marriage was already an act of astonishing stupidity. Can't really ruin that.
1177	Envie	2012-05-22	you're citing traits of the characters not the "acting" itself. for example I hate Joffrey with all my guts, in the books, and in the show,but Jack Gleeson is excellent, everytime he appears I want to hit him, the "when Stannis arrive I put a smile on his face" showing the knife, caused me the same reaction that Varys and Tyrion had. The "love" scene was very good, Madden portrayed the feeling very well, his face says it all, She is good but not so...she was very good in the previous scene when they were interrupted.No, I don't think I am citing character traits. I did say I wasn't so sure if the awkward scenes / acting were because of the actors themselves not having chemistry or because of the contrived storyline that is completely made up and how the director is telling them to act. That being said, I disliked the acting of these two in general as a couple, not necessarily their acting as individual character portrayals.Using your Joffrey example, I agree. I despise Joffrey, most people do, but that doesn't mean I despise the way the actor chosen is playing him. I think he's playing Joffrely spot on and doing a fabulous job. Another comparison, for me, is the actress playing "Yara" (Asha). Like many, I don't care for the actress chosen nor the way she's acting the part of Asha Greyjoy. I think she's dull and uninteresting. Oona Chaplin, as Jeyne/Talisa would have made a better Asha Greyjoy to be honest, with the saucy way she behaves towards Robb. Again, is that because she's a better actor or because the directors/producers WANT her to act that way? (in reference to Yara's actor)...Maybe there's too much gray area here that is being nitpicked too much. Again, this thread is getting derailed from its original topic because you want to argue/debate the difference between the actors and the acting they've been told to do. I'm not really going to keep going on about this topic, it should likely be its own separate topic entirely.
1178	teemo	2012-05-22	They are probably fine actors, but even the best actors can do so much with a crappy script.
1179	protar	2012-05-22	If they had to change Robb and Jeyne's story, I think I may have thought of a way that could work. I'd like your guys thoughts, because it's kind of...edgy, I guess. Robb takes the Crag, and meets Jeyne, the daughter of the Lord. He is attracted to her, and she him despite being his "prisoner." But when he gets word of Bran and Rickon's deaths, he loses his cool and orders his men to burn the castle before they march out. Jeyne gets hysterical about the destruction of her home and gives Robb shit. Robb, mad with grief and rage but also turned on by her, up and rapes her. Yep - it would add another dimension to a character that I feel is pretty flat in the show and books - even the honorable do-gooder Young Wolf can succumb to his worst urges. He's a horny adolescent with monarchical power, after all. The next day, he is overcome with shame and remorse. He feels he has let his father down, and can't bear the dishonor he brought on himself and her. So, he does the right thing as he sees it and marries her. I think this would make his actions actually more understandable - it's just kind of silly that a King would feel obligated to marry the first wench he screws unless he felt like he really owed her something. Thoughts?You've made me see the Robb/Talisa relationship in a new light. I suppose I should thank you.
1180	protar	2012-05-22	If you guys haven't noticed, drippy characters like Jeyne Westerling don't work on television. She wasn't even mousy and victim-y like Jeyne Poole, she was just...kinda there. A plot device to facilitate the Red Wedding. This hybrid Talisa/Jeyne character gives audiences a way to understand why Robb would risk everything. Talisa is extremely sexy, exotic and has the kind of personality that drives men wild. Now compare this to Jeyne Westerling who's only attributes were that she had good birthing hips and was adequately pretty.Quite true. So why couldn't they have simply developed THAT character, instead of making an entirely new one. There are in fact women like that so I see no problem with showing such a person on TV.
1181	Bride of Winter	2012-05-22	I don't see why Book Robb had to marry Jeyne. Barbrey Ryswell was still able to be married after Brandon dishonored her for example. There are examples of non-virgins still being able to advance themselves by marriage like Lysa and Cersei. I could see it more if Jeyne was pregnant but even then Robb could still get one of his bannermen to marry her in his place.He didn't have to, and certainly 99% of men would have acted differently. But the fact that he felt compelled to marry her because he honestly thought "honoring" Jeyne was more important than his pact with the Freys said a lot about his character and was crucial to his storyline, even if it was a mistake. And if the show has Robb marry Talisa under different terms, it would remove that characterization, and the theme of honor (or his idea of honor) being his downfall. this isn't directed at you specifically, but a lot of people are implying this so I'd like to say it - Robb's arc isn't an any means to an end sort of thing. The importance of Robb's character is how he gets to the point of the Red Wedding, not just "he makes a mistake and gets betrayed, blah blah blah"
1182	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	How exactly is Talisa worth the sacrifice? Because she is hot? Him marrying a random foreign highborn is more risky than marrying a Southron maiden. Marrying Jeyne at least gave him some men from the Crag, him marrying Talisa gives him nothing.I don't mean anything about strategic worth or benefits of marriage alliances (clearly the Freys were the better choice anyway). I'm wondering if it was a good idea to heighten the contrast between the two choices before him.Really, who can blame Robb for "not marrying the Frey girl." They're the slack-jawed locals of Westeros. Talisa, by contrast, is Florence Nightingale, she has opinions of her own but speaks with the courtesy of a Lady. She objects to the uselessness of war and the horrors of slavery. She amputates people and it doesn't bother her at all (which is ridiculous - remember how much the Doc in Deadwood was shaken up by the Civil War?) I thought it was interesting that Jeyne Westerling was so ordinary, she could have easily been a boring old Frey. By comparison, Talisa is Wonder Woman.OT, but would Westeros really have neutral medics? Seems like a nurse who cares for the wounded "no matter who they are" would be an anachronism.
1183	RL Terrill	2012-05-22	I find the Robb/Talisa storyline well worth my interest, different though it may be from the books. I find the Robb character in the TV series to be a strong, and a well acted one, with the characterization presented with just the right mix of strength and vulnerability. I completely understand his falling for Talisa, who ever she might turn out to be, and I could completely understand that he would break a vow with the Freys to marry her. With a readers prescience I see the tragic error being made, but Robb IS a tragic character,  I like that I feel more involved with his short life and thus will feel the tragedy all the more for it.
1184	protar	2012-05-22	I find the Robb/Talisa storyline well worth my interest, different though it may be from the books. I find the Robb character in the TV series to be a strong, and a well acted one, with the characterization presented with just the right mix of strength and vulnerability. I completely understand his falling for Talisa, who ever she might turn out to be, and I could completely understand that he would break a vow with the Freys to marry her. With a readers prescience I see the tragic error being made, but Robb IS a tragic character, I like that I feel more involved with his short life and thus will feel the tragedy all the more for it.I do respect other people's opinions but I really can't see were people are coming from when they say they enjoy the Robb/Talisa stuff. There's just no chemistry between the two, half the time she's implicitly insulting him, the acting comes across as wooden etc etc. I'm just not seeing it, and looming over all of that is the knowledge that we will never see on the screen the relationship we got in the books. For me it's especially missed because we got so little of it on-page if that makes sense. I was looking forward to something that would really deepen our understanding of the books.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 22 May 2012 - 03:32 PM.
1185	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	Frankly, I don't find either of the romances (Robb/Jeyne and Robb/Talissa) particularly compelling, but I don't really miss Robb's "honorable stupid" move from the book that much. I certainly don't see how Robb is ruined because he doesn't do something specific that I found profoundly idiotic and unbelievable but YMMV.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 03:20 PM.
1186	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	They definitely ruined his character, and since he'll die before he can redeem himself, it's over for him. He looks like a jackass. At least in the books he was injured, away from camp, and had an excuse...a beautiful nurse was taking care of him. Back at the camp with Jeyne, he was all business again. He was foolish for breaking the pact, but he was being a naive 15 year old boy who didn't see the ramifications of his actions. TV Robb is just a fool and kind of an asshole when you think of it. He has a war going on around him and really all we see him focused on is Jeyne. In the books, he was so tense about everything that he could barely even talk to Jeyne and she went to Catelyn for advice. No wonder Roose keeps giving them looks of disdain, not to mention this chick just waltzes in his tent...really? They butchered his character. Go Roose! And Jaime Lannister sends his regards. (and yeah, I never thought this in the books) Not to mention, these writers need to stay far, far away from romance writing. Having cheesy romance at all goes exactly *against* ASOIAF. Do you really think GRRM would write the kind of garbage dialogue they've exchanged? This. This. OMG THIS. The writers are so focused on making every girl in the show a mysterious, bratty badass and it's tiring and unrealistic. It also makes the whole story a lot less tragic, imo. Not all girls are like Cersei or Arya.Damn you HK, I was trying to be optimistic about Robb but then I read this post!!!!!Bastard
1187	mcb	2012-05-22	Frankly, I don't find either of the romances (Robb/Jeyne and Robb/Talissa) particularly compelling, but I don't really miss Robb's "honorable stupid" move from the book that much. I certainly don't see how Robb is ruined because he doesn't do something specific that I found profoundly idiotic and unbelievable but YMMV.I think that in this single paragraph you managed to convey my POV better than I could.
1188	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Robb saying: "and by the way, the new girl never even mentioned before is my wife" was an awful diabolus ex machina.  And as for the central question, whether they ruined Robb's character: in the books his marriage was already an act of astonishing stupidity. Can't really ruin that.Latin for wife is uxor, so I would caller an uxor ex machina.  She isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really a diabola, best as we know at least.
1189	Currawong	2012-05-22	Frankly, I don't find either of the romances (Robb/Jeyne and Robb/Talissa) particularly compelling, but I don't really miss Robb's "honorable stupid" move from the book that much. I certainly don't see how Robb is ruined because he doesn't do something specific that I found profoundly idiotic and unbelievable but YMMV.Agreed.The fact is that Book Robb/Jeyne simply doesn't translate to the screen.  It makes no sense at all in a TV show to have Robb suddenly just appear, married to this woman, where the ultimate consequences (RW) are so drastic for him and the Starks generally.   Bottom line for the entire Robb story in ACOK:  what works in the book doesn't necessarily work on screen.  The writers had to invent so many scenes with Robb simply so that he remains as a major screen character in Series 2, so they had to do 'something' to show Robb/ girl.   They took the decision that overall, it made much more sense for him to have a gradual relationship with this girl Talisa than to show him just have a sudden moment of passion, and fling everything away as a hot-blooded young man.   The Robb/Talisa scenes are fitted in nicely with other scenes of Robb on campaign, and also serve to show Robb's genuine concern for the welfare of his men, and for the captives.   IMO, the way they have shown Robb in those scenes with Talisa make him much more real and believable, and for me, highlight the personal issues and sadness he was going to face in marrying a woman he'd never met for purely political reasons.They "could" possibly have written a Robb/Talisa sex scene as a night of grief and passion following news of Bran's and Rickon's deaths, but as we know, that particular piece of the story has been delayed.   We don't yet know why that is or when they will show it - I am perfectly comfortable with the decision, as Cat's decision to free Jaime still makes sense in the context of her daughters.   But having made that decision, then many other little elements need to fit in around it.In the context of writing a TV series, I don't think there was any right or wrong way to show "Robb marrying some other girl"  and thus breaking his oath to the Freys.  As someone else pointed out above, no-one in that world would have worried too much if Robb had slept with any number of women before getting married to the Frey girl - the critical element plotwise is that Robb does marry and does break his oath.  He is thus brought down by the same noble-but-stupid Stark sense of honour that caused Ned to lose his life.  Ah well, like father, like son - there are certainly some interesting examples of that in ASOIAF!  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 22 May 2012 - 07:06 PM.
1190	House Snow	2012-05-22	A couple other things played a role here too.  There was really no way to keep show Cat away from Robbs camp long enough for him to get married anyway, yet her scene with Jaimie had to happen.  So with the show needing a way for both scenes to happen I think the solution they came up with is for Robb's arrest to come earlier.  I suspect Bran's death will still be the impetus for Robb's marriage so in that respect they didn't really change anything other than Robb having sex earlier.
1191	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	if you watch the inside the edition episode, D&D blame robb's cheatingon his mother!!!!!!!!!!! they say Robb was living in a world of honor raised by Ned and Cat to act a certain way but all around him people were living dishonorably. and when lCat betrayed  him he was so pissed that he figured fuck it. 
AAARRRGGHHHHHH
blaming Cat for Robb screwing around.
flabbergasted
1192	Envie	2012-05-22	if you watch the inside the edition episode, D&D blame robb's cheatingon his mother!!!!!!!!!!! they say Robb was living in a world of honor raised by Ned and Cat to act a certain way but all around him people were living dishonorably. and when lCat betrayed him he was so pissed that he figured fuck it. AAARRRGGHHHHHH blaming Cat for Robb screwing around. flabbergastedI haven't watched this week's 'inside the episode' yet. Wow, that is quite revealing how oddly the producers have interpreted the reasons behind Robb's decision to sleep with and marry Jeyne Westerling... I don't think ANY of us, no matter how much we disagree on how the relationship with this different woman, "Talisa" should or could have played out would have seen that particular interpretation coming. Now I'm even more confused than I was before as to why they changed Jeyne Westerling into Talisa of Volantis. If Robb Stark decided to screw around with her because he's mad at his Mother, then I'm completely at a loss as to how they're going to interpret everything else in Robb's story to his end. Is the Red Wedding now Catelyn's fault too?!Very very strange interpretation of motives...
1193	Currawong	2012-05-22	blaming Cat for Robb screwing around.flabbergastedWell, SHE was the one who made the original marriage agreement so they could cross the river in Series 1  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />   So in one very real way, she was responsible for his situation, being bound to marry a woman he doesn't want!    And subconsciously, I also could see Robb being extremely pissed off with Cat, for both book and show reasons.
1194	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	He didn't have to, and certainly 99% of men would have acted differently. But the fact that he felt compelled to marry her because he honestly thought "honoring" Jeyne was more important than his pact with the Freys said a lot about his character and was crucial to his storyline, even if it was a mistake. And if the show has Robb marry Talisa under different terms, it would remove that characterization, and the theme of honor (or his idea of honor) being his downfall. this isn't directed at you specifically, but a lot of people are implying this so I'd like to say it - Robb's arc isn't an any means to an end sort of thing. The importance of Robb's character is how he gets to the point of the Red Wedding, not just "he makes a mistake and gets betrayed, blah blah blah"Bingo!  Which is why GRRMs story is so complelling to read, it is not simplistic, it is textured, it is deep with multiple intepretations and meanings.  The journey is the destination. The important part of Robb is not the Young WOlf, it is not the battles he wins, it is the embodiment of honor.  There is NO honor to chase tail around camp for weeks and months and end up bedding and wedding a camp follower to get back at your mom for betraying you. There is honor for responding to a momentary lapse of reason by trying to do the right thing.THAT is Robbs story.
1195	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Well, SHE was the one who made the original marriage agreement so they could cross the river in Series 1 /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> So in one very real way, she was responsible for his situation, being bound to marry a woman he doesn't want! And subconsciously, I also could see Robb being extremely pissed off with Cat, for both book and show reasons.NONONONONO!She negotiated with the Freys.  Jon was the deciderer. the decision was his.  Do not disempower Robb in that way! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1196	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	WRT to sticking with the book on Robbs love life, I for one would have trusted translating the story to the screen.  Hey its a great story nonetheless so why not.
If it was handled well, the story could have been EPIC in translation to the screen.
Cat releases Jamie, all tense and worried about his reaction, but indignant over needing her daughters freed.  Jon returns victorious.
He meets Cat and forgives Cat (perfectly natural for a King to forgive his mother), Cat is all like Robb thank you  you made the right decision.
Oh btw mom here is my new bride and I lost the freys as a result, so dont hate me for betraying the north for love.
It could ahve been EPIC
1197	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	There is NO honor to chase tail around camp for weeks and monthsHey, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen young pups chase their own tails around for hours and hours, or so it seemed.
1198	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Hey, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen young pups chase their own tails around for hours and hours, or so it seemed. yes but the mouth doesnt marry the tail once they catch it.
1199	Currawong	2012-05-22	yes but the mouth doesnt marry the tail once they catch it.Yes, but the mouth can chew very happily at the tip of the tail for hours and hours after they catch it!  So satisfying .. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />As for the Book Robb love story being translated to the screen, I think you lose sight of the fact that to do that, they would need to include all the Westerling sub-plot.  Meaning several additional characters rather than just one girl, and if longer term they don't need this for lead-up to the RW  (and they don't), then it's fine to make changes.  As I said above, the current Talisa story and her scenes also serve to show various things about Robb that we only hear second and third hand in the books.  This rounds out Robb's character nicely, as he's not just a successful battle commander, but also an honourable man who does his best for his men, and even tries to look after his captives.  By being fixated on just one particular aspect, it's easy to miss the fact that many non-book scenes have to serve multiple purposes in the screen adaptation.The Robb scenes do this very well, IMHO, as do the Tywin/Arya scenes.  Yes, there are deviations from Book Arya, but the critical aspect is that those scenes serve multiple purposes.   We learn a great deal about Tywin, who in the books is a key figure that we only hear about as a lurking background figure through books 1 and 2, influencing events without us actually 'seeing' him.   We also get exposition of Westeros history (scene in Ep 7 about the dragons and Harrenhal), and we also learn a little more about Jaime and Cersei, which will lead nicely into what we should see of their relationships with Tywin in ASOS.   We still get the Arya who has not only killed a man herself, but is also prepared to coldly order people's deaths via Jaqen's debt.  We see her growing cunning and ruthless streak when she gives the third name, which is pure Book Arya.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 22 May 2012 - 08:01 PM.
1200	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	Agreed.The fact is that Book Robb/Jeyne simply doesn't translate to the screen.  It makes no sense at all in a TV show to have Robb suddenly just appear, married to this woman, where the ultimate consequences (RW) are so drastic for him and the Starks generally.  People keep saying this, but I don't see why that's true.  I think it could have been a really interesting twist.  There are several episodes AFTER the marriage and BEFORE the Red Wedding to have us get sufficiently invested in the relationship, as those who promote this theory seem to think is important.  How shocking would it be to non-book readers when Robb shows up with his new wife?  The way the story was written, his doing Talisa was pretty much an inevitability, not surprising at all.
1201	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	been there done that have the scars to prove itYes, but the mouth can chew very happily at the tip of the tail for hours and hours after they catch it! So satisfying .... /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />\been there done that have the scars to prove it
1202	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	People keep saying this, but I don't see why that's true. I think it could have been a really interesting twist. There are several episodes AFTER the marriage and BEFORE the Red Wedding to have us get sufficiently invested in the relationship, as those who promote this theory seem to think is important. How shocking would it be to non-book readers when Robb shows up with his new wife? The way the story was written, his doing Talisa was pretty much an inevitability, not surprising at all.which is why the story is disappointing HBO is playing to the demographic that needs to be hand walked through a story.
1203	the maester	2012-05-22	.
					
					
							Edited by the maester, 22 May 2012 - 07:52 PM.
1204	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	which is why the story is disappointing HBO is playing to the demographic that needs to be hand walked through a story.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an inevitable price that must be paid, because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the moronic majority who also supplies the majority of the subscription fees.  In  a world where half the people are below average, no business will willingly allow half its revenue stream to die off. So they have to aim low.  Peter Jackson and Bill Gates both did the same thing.  Aim stupid, and you make more money: stupidity is never in short supply. The bottom line is that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all about the bottom line.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 07:52 PM.
1205	Bride of Winter	2012-05-22	People keep saying this, but I don't see why that's true. I think it could have been a really interesting twist. There are several episodes AFTER the marriage and BEFORE the Red Wedding to have us get sufficiently invested in the relationship, as those who promote this theory seem to think is important. How shocking would it be to non-book readers when Robb shows up with his new wife? The way the story was written, his doing Talisa was pretty much an inevitability, not surprising at all.This, completely.Or if they wanted to keep Robb as a regular character, they could have easily followed him into the Westerlands and simply shown the exact plot that we missed in the books play out on screen. That's personally what I was looking forward to before all of this Talisa crap happened. His sleeping with Jeyne out of grief would have been a really powerful scene imo, as would the "oh shit" moment when he decides he has to marry her.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 22 May 2012 - 07:54 PM.
1206	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	.wisest thing I read all day
1207	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an inevitable price that must be paid, because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the moronic majority who also supplies the majority of the subscription fees. In a world where half the people are below average, no business will willingly allow half its revenue stream to die off.  So they have to aim low. Peter Jackson and Bill Gates both did the same thing. Aim stupid, and you make more money: stupidity is never in short supply. The bottom line is that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all about the bottom line.almost makes me want to read more.
1208	mcb	2012-05-22	Latin for wife is uxor, so I would caller an uxor ex machina.  She isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really a diabola, best as we know at least.Well, as Deus ex machina means a miraculous save pulled by the storyteller out of nowhere, we need an analogous term for a similar plot twist out of nowhere, screwing the heroes. Hence diabolus.
1209	birdsong66	2012-05-22	.Your opinion is most upsetting, Ser. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Re: Episode Edition w/D&D--Yeah, that made me throw up in my mouth a little bit.  But, to be honest, it does shed light on the HBO version of events.  Again, it's those of us that have read the books that are left dumfounded at the reasoning.  I've said it before, but I really don't think D&D like Catelyn as a character, so placing the blame on her doesn't exactly surprise so much as makes me want to ask them for the reasons.With that, I would like to recognize Michelle Fairley for taking a character who is easily the most polarizing character in the series, and delivering in such a way as those who really don't like or understand her actually feel for her.  It's a testament to her abilities if not always the material she's working with, IMO.  Well done and thank you Ms. Fairley.
1210	Currawong	2012-05-22	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an inevitable price that must be paid, because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the moronic majority who also supplies the majority of the subscription fees. In a world where half the people are below average, no business will willingly allow half its revenue stream to die off.  So they have to aim low. Peter Jackson and Bill Gates both did the same thing. Aim stupid, and you make more money: stupidity is never in short supply. The bottom line is that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all about the bottom line.No, its NOT about pandering to the lowest common denominator at all.  It is being 100% realistic about the demands of a TV show vs reading a book, where there is an amazingly complex world and multiple parallel story lines.If you're reading a book (or a series of books), you can always easily flick back to check things.  'Wasn't that the girl we met ten chapters ago?' etc.   But you cannot do that in a movie, or on TV.   On TV, the storyline and the characters have to make sense when shown over a period of weeks or months, and expecting people to remember all the tiny trivial details between (say) Episodes 1 and 8 in a series is just pushing it too far, even for highly intelligent viewers.  It's easy for devoted book fans to do this, but it's not easy or practiable for people who are coming to the series just as viewers.  And even if those viewers record the episodes or look them up again online, doing that is hardly the practical equivalent of having a book and just flicking back through the pages.   It is about time that many devoted book fans "get real" about the demands of adapting complex books for the screen.I challenge many of the people who constantly gripe and complain about why did the writers do / not do certain things, to actually sit down themselves and try to write ten-55 minute screenplays.  Try adapting ACOK in a way that meets budget and practical requirements, keeps us in touch with all main characters, shows all the critical plotlines, shows us all the stuff that is merely exposition or description in the books, leads adequately into series 3, etc - and does all of that inside a total of 550 minutes.   /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Oh so very easy to criticise and nitpick, but I think that little exercise would give you a new appreciation for the great job that the writers are really doing.
1211	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Oh so very easy to criticise and nitpick, but I think that little exercise would give you a new appreciation for the great job that the writers are really doing.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure you must have meant that for someone else, because I of all people have not been the one to denigrate the writersâ<U+0080><U+0099> efforts. How I could gain a new appreciation for them is difficult to envision, especially if that appreciation is expected to be better than it is now â<U+0080><U+0094> which is quite high, actually.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t disagree with the rest of what you wrote, though.
1212	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Your opinion is most upsetting, Ser. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> Re: Episode Edition w/D&D--Yeah, that made me throw up in my mouth a little bit. But, to be honest, it does shed light on the HBO version of events. Again, it's those of us that have read the books that are left dumfounded at the reasoning. I've said it before, but I really don't think D&D like Catelyn as a character, so placing the blame on her doesn't exactly surprise so much as makes me want to ask them for the reasons. With that, I would like to recognize Michelle Fairley for taking a character who is easily the most polarizing character in the series, and delivering in such a way as those who really don't like or understand her actually feel for her. It's a testament to her abilities if not always the material she's working with, IMO. Well done and thank you Ms. Fairley.I cant understand not like the character Cat.  I mean she is a MOM.  Anyone who is a mom, has a mom, knows a mom, knows that they will do anything to protect their children.  Her actions and motives seem right in line with that.i guess the cat haters hate their moms, that is the only explanation
1213	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	On TV, the storyline and the characters have to make sense when shown over a period of weeks or months, and expecting people to remember all the tiny trivial details between (say) Episodes 1 and 8 in a series is just pushing it too far, even for highly intelligent viewers. It's easy for devoted book fans to do this, but it's not easy or practiable for people who are coming to the series just as viewers.yet we are expected to believe cersei thinks tyrion loves ros cause of anecklace given to her early last season?
1214	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	yet we are expected to believe cersei thinks tyrion loves ros cause of anecklace given to her early last season?Why do you bring this up when Cersei specifically says one of her spies told her Ros was Tyrion's whore-love?The necklace is meant to be additional evidence and a callback if people remembered.
1215	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	No, its NOT about pandering to the lowest common denominator at all. It is being 100% realistic about the demands of a TV show vs reading a book, where there is an amazingly complex world and multiple parallel story lines. If you're reading a book (or a series of books), you can always easily flick back to check things. 'Wasn't that the girl we met ten chapters ago?' etc. But you cannot do that in a movie, or on TV. On TV, the storyline and the characters have to make sense when shown over a period of weeks or months, and expecting people to remember all the tiny trivial details between (say) Episodes 1 and 8 in a series is just pushing it too far, even for highly intelligent viewers. It's easy for devoted book fans to do this, but it's not easy or practiable for people who are coming to the series just as viewers. And even if those viewers record the episodes or look them up again online, doing that is hardly the practical equivalent of having a book and just flicking back through the pages. It is about time that many devoted book fans "get real" about the demands of adapting complex books for the screen. I challenge many of the people who constantly gripe and complain about why did the writers do / not do certain things, to actually sit down themselves and try to write ten-55 minute screenplays. Try adapting ACOK in a way that meets budget and practical requirements, keeps us in touch with all main characters, shows all the critical plotlines, shows us all the stuff that is merely exposition or description in the books, leads adequately into series 3, etc - and does all of that inside a total of 550 minutes. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Oh so very easy to criticise and nitpick, but I think that little exercise would give you a new appreciation for the great job that the writers are really doing.Im sorry but it can be done.  Case in point season 1Another Case in Point Theon and WInterfell storyline this season.D&D didnt trust the source material so they felt they had to change it. Some of those changes are expected, the scope of the world requiring more sets, more characters meaning more actors.  Fine, I accept that and the Winterfell storyline is an example of doing that adaption near perfectly.What makes no sense is changes for change sake.  Dany's story or Robbs story or Jon's story.  They were fine as is.  Case in point, WE ALL LOVE THE BOOKS.  It is nonsensical to say that changes to Jons storyline are needed when they just completely mischaracterize his character and the story in the book would not have required any significant changes ie new sets or actors.  It was dramatic as written by GRRM.  But cause D&D couldnt trust the viewers they chickened out to put sophmorish penis jokes in the script dramatically changing Jons character.   It was not needed.  Stick with teh story, trust the story, change and adapt what you have to do, combine characters, eliminate characters, eliminate storylinesI GET THAT.  Changing characters to create romance or some other cliched nonsense ruins the story and will cause a loss in viewership more than putting an intelligent script on the screen
1216	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Why do you bring this up when Cersei specifically says one of her spies told her Ros was Tyrion's whore-love? The necklace is meant to be additional evidence and a callback if people remembered.u defeat your own argument.  They use a callback which requires a viewer to pay attention to details, that is the mark of smart writing.
1217	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	&Why cant they trust the viewer to remember who Robb is without having to have him in every episode flirting with some girl.  Then have a reveal that he was wounded and married.  People would have to do the same thing you just described callback to who and what robb is.  There is enough exposition along the way to keep Robb in people's minds.  Unfortunately D&D went the classic TV route identifying Robb as the starof season 2 and centered the story around him and then set about trying to IMPROVE GRRMs work by changing his love story to a cliched non sequitor.
1218	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	btw please forgive me if I am coming across as harsh, I appreciate the debate on the forum, am learning alot and believe it or not am enjoying the season even withall the changes.
1219	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	u defeat your own argument. They use a callback which requires a viewer to pay attention to details, that is the mark of smart writing.What are you talking about?The show has Cersei explicitly say one of her spies told her Ros was Tyrion's whore, the necklace is confirmation of the story, not the sole proof. They didn't rely solely on the callback to season one, it was a little addition and nothing more. If remembering the necklace was necessary to understanding Cersei believing Ros was Tyrion's whore you might have a point, but it wasn't.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 08:50 PM.
1220	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	ummm since tyrion had no interaction with Ros, other than to have Bronn send her to Joffrey, where exactly did cersei get this information? From spies?  ummm kind of dumb unless the spies intentionally mislead her, which means, despite what she said it was Varys which means Varyris was protecting Tyrion, fine enough.  But dont you think that would impact Tyrions relationship with Varys cause Varys threw ros under the proverbial bus, and Tyrion has a thing for broken things (ie someone like Ros).
just goes to show the plot holes created by D&D,
so we are left with the callback to season 1, which is my point, observent viewers.
that is why GRRMs version was perfect in this scenario.
my point is that there was a better way to handle so much of this season and invariably that leads to remaining loyal to the books.
In this case, D&D;s story would have been infinitely more plausible if a. Ros was not sent to Joffrey and b. Tyrioin had some interaction with her.
1221	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	and if the interaction between ros and tyrion is the Joffrey incident (which is the sole established connection between tyrion and Ros) one has to wonder why cersei would think that Tyrion loved her, cause it has been established that tyrion detests joffrey
so we are either to believe Cer. Doesnt know that tyrion sent Ros to Joff (then breaking the only established current link between Ros and Tyrion)
or
Cer. believes that despite loving Ros would send his love to have sex with a vicious  boy he hates
1222	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	Why are you going on about something you've been proven wrong about in a topic you created specifically to rant about it in?
Cersei has no reason to care about specifics, she believes Tyrion is a depraved whore-monger and a source she apparently trusts (probably Varys or an agent who really reports to Varys) tells her Ros is Tyrion's whore. They investigate further and discover Ros has a Lannister necklace. Voila. It's actually similar to the Rugen scenario from the books, where Cersei believes the Tyrells freed Tyrion because she finds an old Gardener (not even Tyrell) coin in Rugen's cell.
It's not a plot hole, it's just an example of you frantically trying to nitpick something that isn't there.
1223	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Why are you going on about something you've been proven wrong about in a topic you created specifically to rant about it in? Cersei has no reason to care about specifics, she believes Tyrion is a depraved whore-monger and a source she apparently trusts (probably Varys or an agent who really reports to Varys) tells her Ros is Tyrion's whore. They investigate further and discover Ros has a Lannister necklace. Voila. It's actually similar to the Rugen scenario from the books, where Cersei believes the Tyrells freed Tyrion because she finds an old Gardener (not even Tyrell) coin in Rugen's cell. It's not a plot hole, it's just an example of you frantically trying to nitpick something that isn't there.so cersei is an idiot?  that is your point? Cersei is too stupid to want some assurance that the life she is holding in the balance of her childs life has some power over tyrion?  she is that careless? Ok perhaps, but still.  in teh book a relationship was established between Tyrionand Alayaya, so Cersei's actions while misguided were reasonable.or it doesnt matter who the spy is?  Cause if it IS Varys, wouldnt you agree that would impact Tyrion and Varys' relationship?
1224	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	these points I am making are why GRRM went to such trouble to estabish the relationship with Alayaya.  D&D ignored that connection requiring the viewer to ignore basic questions
1225	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	Yes, the point of the scene is that Cersei is both vicious and fallible. Yes, she screwed up. Having her sources tell her that a particular whore is Tyrion's favorite and then finding said whore with a Lannister necklace seems like more than enough evidence for Cersei (either book or TV version), since she's prone to jumping to the wrong conclusions. You seriously think a reliable source pointing her to a whore with a valuable Lannister item isn't evidence?It's funny because on one hand you complain about people having to be hand held and on the other you're advocating for multiple scenes to set up Cersei "knowing" Ros is Tyrion's whore just to build up to one scene that is explained perfectly fine anyway.And yeah, if it's Varys that's important but also not a big deal seeing as Varys is pretty chummy with Tyrion in both the series and the books.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 09:18 PM.
1226	Reposado	2012-05-22	In the context of writing a TV series, I don't think there was any right or wrong way to show "Robb marrying some other girl" and thus breaking his oath to the Freys.true. but there are interesting ways and uninteresting ways. this was an uninteresting way.if they wanted to show why he fell in love with her, then show it. other than her body, what is to like about this girl? being against war and slavery is not a personality trait. the only thing we as viewers know about her personality is that she is rude and arrogantWhy are you going on about something you've been proven wrong about in a topic you created specifically to rant about it in? Cersei has no reason to care about specifics, she believes Tyrion is a depraved whore-monger and a source she apparently trusts (probably Varys or an agent who really reports to Varys) tells her Ros is Tyrion's whore. They investigate further and discover Ros has a Lannister necklace. Voila. It's actually similar to the Rugen scenario from the books, where Cersei believes the Tyrells freed Tyrion because she finds an old Gardener (not even Tyrell) coin in Rugen's cell. It's not a plot hole, it's just an example of you frantically trying to nitpick something that isn't there.unless the point is that cersei has bad sources, it doesn't work. as far as we know, tyrion hasnt seen ros in kings landing. you can't just assume weird connections that haven't been alluded to, to fill in plot holes.
					
					
							Edited by Lanza Rota, 22 May 2012 - 09:23 PM.
1227	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	well in my defense the argument has evolved thus my apparent contradiction.  There are two points one the changes and two the trusting the viewers attention to details.
my point to point one is that the way D&D handled it creates questions and unresolved plot holes.  ie. the lack of a relationship between ros and tyrion or the impact on other relationships, Varys and Tyrion.  Book tyrion has no reason to distrust Varys but if Varys is the spy in the show that gave Cers. the info then it woiuld logically impact their relationship
point two derives from point 1 D&D expect viewers to ignore things like where Cersei got her information, just accept that some someone gave her Ros and Tyrion, again based on what?  where would that relationship come from?
1228	Reposado	2012-05-22	D&D expect viewers to ignore things like where Cersei got her information, just accept that some someone gave her Ros and Tyrion, again based on what? where would that relationship come from?very lazy spies, tryion shouldn't be working so hard to hide shae. cersei's people aren't even following him.but more likely this is how it went downDavid, flipping through ACOK: this scene with cersei finiding alayaya is pretty good, lets stick that in thereDB: hmm, we havent really set that up, we don't have a whore that could be logically suspecteddavid, grinning: we have a whore
1229	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	unless the point is that cersei has bad sources, it doesn't work. as far as we know, tyrion hasnt seen ros in kings landing. you can't just assume weird connections that haven't been alluded to, to fill in plot holes.We don't know if he's seen Ros or not, we haven't really seen him on-screen with any whores because it'd be a complete waste of time to show him going to a whorehouse just to set up this one scene (now, there's an argument it should have been shown to demonstrate Tyrion's character, but that's another argument). We do, however, know of Tyrion's reputation through the Tysha story and how Tywin and Cersei view him, so not explicitly showing him with whores doesn't make the scene "not work" unless you're predisposed to assuming it won't. Unless, of course, you think the Rugen scene in the books doesn't work?Also, I do think Cersei's source being wrong is meant to imply that she's either got a bad source or, more likely, Tyrion has friends (again, most likely Varys). The show has been playing up the Varys-Tyrion friendship after all.It's not a plot hole, at all, sorry. This type of complaining is especially ironic given the complaining about non-readers requiring hand-holding in this very topic.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 09:36 PM.
1230	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Also, I do think Cersei's source being wrong is meant to imply that she's either got a bad source or, more likely, Tyrion has friends (again, most likely Varys). The show has been playing up the Varys-Tyrion friendship after all. It's not a plot hole, at all, sorry.you dont thik that varys throwing ros under the bus (albeit to protect shae) wouldnt impact the T-V relationship
1231	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	you dont thik that varys throwing ros under the bus (albeit to protect shae) wouldnt impact the T-V relationshipWhy would it? Tyrion has no reason to suspect/know Varys was behind it (we're just conjecturing ourselves), and Tyrion's preoccupied anyway.If/when that plays itself out, Tyrion might be slightly angry but I think you're exaggerating how much he "cares about broken things". He'd probably just try to compensate Ros financially; it's not like he's the patron saint for the downtrodden here, even in his somewhat-whitewashed TV version.
1232	Reposado	2012-05-22	We don't know if he's seen Ros or not, we haven't really seen him on-screen with any whores because it'd be a complete waste of time to show him going to a whorehouse just to set up this one scene (now, there's an argument it should have been shown to demonstrate Tyrion's character, but that's another argument). We do, however, know of Tyrion's reputation through the Tysha story and how Tywin and Cersei view him, so not explicitly showing him with whores doesn't make the scene "not work" unless you're predisposed to assuming it won't. Unless, of course, you think the Rugen scene in the books doesn't work? Also, I do think Cersei's source being wrong is meant to imply that she's either got a bad source or, more likely, Tyrion has friends (again, most likely Varys). The show has been playing up the Varys-Tyrion friendship after all. It's not a plot hole, at all, sorry. This type of complaining is especially ironic given the complaining about non-readers requiring hand-holding in this very topic.eh, disagree. it only seems to work if youve read the book and know there was a scene like that. on its own merit, its a wtf moment. "Why would she think that?" "well other than the fact that cersei knows he likes whores and ros is the only one in town." "but umm why?"
1233	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Why would it? Tyrion has no reason to suspect/know Varys was behind it (we're just conjecturing ourselves), and Tyrion's preoccupied anyway. If/when that plays itself out, Tyrion might be slightly angry but I think you're exaggerating how much he "cares about broken things". He'd probably just try to compensate Ros financially; it's not like he's the patron saint for the downtrodden here, even in his somewhat-whitewashed TV version.ummm, well Tyrion's character is actually sort of the patron saint of Cripples, Bastards and Broken Things.  They named an entire episode in season 1 to that effect /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1234	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	eh, disagree. it only seems to work if youve read the book and know there was a scene like that. on its own merit, its a wtf moment. "Why would she think that?" "well other than the fact that cersei knows he likes whores and ros is the only one in town." "but umm why?"Of course, that's not what happened, and we don't need every little thing explained to us when it's something as mundane as someone being informed upon. We don't see Varys getting his reports, do we? We don't see Ramsay Snow reporting to Roose (hey, what a plot hole, Roose conveniently has a bastard son in position to help at Winterfell!), we don't need to see Cersei being informed because it's both a waste from a show production point of view and is something we're already informed about from Cersei (and Tywin's) dialogue.In any case, what actually happened is(1) Cersei is looking to hit back at Tyrion(2) Someone, apparently either stupid or (more likely) tying to misdirect her, points a finger at Ros(3) The necklace, a valuable Lannister item, is discovered with Ros (at some point)What, exactly, is missing here? Do you think Cersei should have gotten an episode to play detective in KL to determine if the whore that got named as Tyrion's mistress is the right one, when she apparently has both (1) a source and (2) fairly damning evidence of a Lannister connection?Recall, after all, that she mocks Tyrion for being so obvious and giving "his whore" a Lannister necklace. That's Cersei in a nutshell.ummm, well Tyrion's character is actually sort of the patron saint of Cripples, Bastards and Broken Things. They named an entire episode in season 1 to that effectHe's friendly to a highborn noble bastard. He's not a saint, he doesn't really do much for the people of King's Landing, for example. Like I said, he'd probably feel bad and try to compensate Ros, but he's not going to do anything major against Varys (if it is Varys).
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 09:56 PM.
1235	Ferrous	2012-05-22	Obviously GRR Martin is going to have Roose or Ramsay be the prince who was promised.
D & D know this and are trying to shape Roose as the sympathetic reluctant hero who has to betray Robb for the good of the realm.
1236	Reposado	2012-05-22	Of course, that's not what happened, and we don't need every little thing explained to us when it's something as mundane as someone being informed upon. We don't see Varys getting his reports, do we? We don't see Ramsay Snow reporting to Roose (hey, what a plot hole, Roose conveniently has a bastard son in position to help at Winterfell!), we don't need to see Cersei being informed because it's both a waste from a show production point of view and is something we're already informed about from Cersei (and Tywin's) dialogueits not that we need to see her being informed. its that there needs to be a reason why someone would tell her those things. we know that she has spies watching tyrion. anything she has been informed of should be something that tyrion was actually doing at some point.
1237	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Actually book Tyrion did do what he could for the people of KL, GRRM made a point of tyrion making an effort to get food to the people.  I find it odd that you are arguing this point, this is essential tyrion, his love for cripples, bastards and broken things.
Now he did do as you say sending jewels to alayaya, my point is that if Varys were the one that threw Alayaya under the bus and tyrion learned of it, than it would impact their relationship, in the book, Tyrion never learns ofwho told cersei of his relationship with Alayaya, though he wasnt hiding it at all, so it is of less import thanestablishing a link with someone he had no link with
1238	zippypoodle	2012-05-22	Why are we even having this discussion about rape? Robb Starke would never do that..... And even if HBORobb Starke did it would totally destroy the character and go against everything his father and mother taught him.... Lets get back to reality. The show jumped the sharked with this episoe (if they hadn't already). Catelyn freeing Jaime was an absolute atrocity.....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!  Too funny!!!Oh wait, you were serious...
1239	_Oberyn_	2012-05-22	No, its NOT about pandering to the lowest common denominator at all. It is being 100% realistic about the demands of a TV show vs reading a book, where there is an amazingly complex world and multiple parallel story lines. ...... /size.Though your argument could makense as a general principle it does not hold much water. Lets look at the current subject, Robbs story. Its an unmitigated fuck up. Why? Is not a budget thing, is not time constraints and it is not a complex story. So why?  The first posibility is what CrypticWeirwood said, fodder for the unwashed masses, Or maybe they had a little leeway and they thought they could do better tha Martin Or....or... No mater what the result is still "pigshit".
1240	birdsong66	2012-05-22	its not that we need to see her being informed. its that there needs to be a reason why someone would tell her those things. we know that she has spies watching tyrion. anything she has been informed of should be something that tyrion was actually doing at some point.I think it could be a simple as someone providing a whore while still maintaining the pretext of an alliance with both Cercei and Tyrion.  That someone, maintaining an alliance with Cercei provides a whore, while simultaneously not providing the whore to maintain an alliance with Tyrion.  With the added benefit of making Cercei look like a smug idiot.That person has to be Varys as he is the only player that benefits from establishing/maintaining an alliance with both siblings.  It also puts Tyrion on notice that at any moment Varys could give Shae up to Cercei, allows Tyrion to see that Cercei is a conniving, albeit totally delusional, player set against him, and gives Cercei a much needed ego boost at the expense of someone she considers an enemy to herself, and her children, altogether.Varys.  Is.  Badass.
1241	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	Actually book Tyrion did do what he could for the people of KL, GRRM made a point of tyrion making an effort to get food to the people. I find it odd that you are arguing this point, this is essential tyrion, his love for cripples, bastards and broken things.Yeah, but we're not talking about book Tyrion are we? TV Tyrion is a generally nice guy who's also somewhat oblivious about how much his good deeds actually affect the non-nobles around him (i.e. his shock at being called a demon monkey because the people don't appreciate things like replacing Janos Slynt).He's not some relentless champion of the underdog in the TV series (he isn't in the books either but that's irrelevant).Now he did do as you say sending jewels to alayaya, my point is that if Varys were the one that threw Alayaya under the bus and tyrion learned of it, than it would impact their relationship, in the book, Tyrion never learns ofwho told cersei of his relationship with Alayaya, though he wasnt hiding it at all, so it is of less import thanestablishing a link with someone he had no link withOkay?I'm not sure what your point is. If Varys was behind it, if Tyrion finds out, then it's worth looking at. We have to get there first, though.Edit: the post above me is worth reading.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 10:22 PM.
1242	zippypoodle	2012-05-22	Sure I can. What they changed is an insignificant detail (at least until we go into the whole "pregnant or not" issue, which is book 5/book 6 territory anyway). Making his doom device into an actual character, giving her lines to read, showing some sort of buildup to the fuckup, is better storytelling than the diabolus ex machina in the novel. But for the bottom line it's as much irrelevant as the shape of the Hand's badge of office: in the books it's a chain, and at the end Tyrion uses it to strangle Shae; in the TV show it's a brooch, so clearly that solution of Shae-Tyrion's relationship went out of the window. Yet it makes virtually no difference. "Robb married some chick named Talisa, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding" is next to identical to "Robb married Jeyne, a maiden from noble but insignificant House Westerling, pissed off Walder Frey and got betrayed and killed at the Red Wedding".Great post. You have definitively ended the argument.This is where you are wrong. They didn't just took different route, by doing this they have changed Robb's character and motivations and it is a pretty big deal.Didn't you hear the argument has been definitively ended?
1243	zippypoodle	2012-05-22	I haven't watched this week's 'inside the episode' yet. Wow, that is quite revealing how oddly the producers have interpreted the reasons behind Robb's decision to sleep with and marry Jeyne Westerling... I don't think ANY of us, no matter how much we disagree on how the relationship with this different woman, "Talisa" should or could have played out would have seen that particular interpretation coming. Now I'm even more confused than I was before as to why they changed Jeyne Westerling into Talisa of Volantis. If Robb Stark decided to screw around with her because he's mad at his Mother, then I'm completely at a loss as to how they're going to interpret everything else in Robb's story to his end. Is the Red Wedding now Catelyn's fault too?! Very very strange interpretation of motives...They did it to piss off book purists. Apparently it worked. As does the Robb/Talisa storyline.
1244	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-22	Im sorry but it can be done.  Case in point season 1Another Case in Point Theon and WInterfell storyline this season.That would be case in point if CoK was exactly as long as GoT, had exactly the same amount of characters, the exact same number of locations, etc. but, it doesn't.  In the book there are about a dozen new locations (plus the pre-existing ones), there are probably upwards of 50 new characters - and not just throw aways, but main characters (plus the pre-existing ones), and the story is just plain longer and more complex.  So the case doesn't really hold up.As to Theon and the Winterfell story, D&amp;D aren't just adapting Theon's story, they're not even adapting A Clash of Kings.  They are adapting A Song of Ice and Fire.  When all is said and done, the writers will have probably close to 8,000 pages to adapt into what will probably be 60 or 70 (I hope 80) hours if they're/we're lucky.  When looked at from this point of view, if you can honestly make a case that how Robb breaks his oath and with whom is vital to an 8,000 page epic about the magical return of an assumed extinct animal in the dragon, the return of a generations long winter that, with it, heralds the return of a long thought extinct race of ice demons who threaten the existence of every living thing on the planet, and the seemingly celestial, if not divine, intervention from the Old Gods and R'llor in this return, not to mention the subtextual theme of an era in Westerosi history coming to an end, I would love to hear it.  But I really don't see the point in getting so upset about someone, who when looked at in this light, is fairly insignificant.  Robb Stark is human depicition of theme in these stories, not plot.  And I honestly think that within the context i just described, his theme remains exactly the same.  Robb Stark, won every battle but lost everything.  And lost it because he broke an oath. Furthermore, when you think about the task at hand for the writers from this perspective, to say that they are changing things for no reason, I think that can be called, at the very least, short sighted. And for what it's worth, this thread has inspired me to ask the 5 people I know who watch the show but haven't read the books specifically if they liked the Robb/Talisa story and the answer was unanimously positive.  Maybe you know people with different tastes, but I can only report as to the people I've spoken with.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 22 May 2012 - 10:38 PM.
1245	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-22	I haven't watched this week's 'inside the episode' yet. Wow, that is quite revealing how oddly the producers have interpreted the reasons behind Robb's decision to sleep with and marry Jeyne Westerling... I don't think ANY of us, no matter how much we disagree on how the relationship with this different woman, "Talisa" should or could have played out would have seen that particular interpretation coming.Now I'm even more confused than I was before as to why they changed Jeyne Westerling into Talisa of Volantis. If Robb Stark decided to screw around with her because he's mad at his Mother, then I'm completely at a loss as to how they're going to interpret everything else in Robb's story to his end. Is the Red Wedding now Catelyn's fault too?!Very very strange interpretation of motives...Yeah, that's a really odd interpreation of motives, and one that's obviously not from the books at all, since Robb didn't even know about Cat's betrayal at the time. Still, looking past that, on the show I never thought his sleeping with Talisa had anything to do with Catelyn. If that really was what they were trying to get across, it didn't come through at all screen.
1246	birdsong66	2012-05-22	I haven't watched this week's 'inside the episode' yet. Wow, that is quite revealing how oddly the producers have interpreted the reasons behind Robb's decision to sleep with and marry Jeyne Westerling... I don't think ANY of us, no matter how much we disagree on how the relationship with this different woman, "Talisa" should or could have played out would have seen that particular interpretation coming.Now I'm even more confused than I was before as to why they changed Jeyne Westerling into Talisa of Volantis. If Robb Stark decided to screw around with her because he's mad at his Mother, then I'm completely at a loss as to how they're going to interpret everything else in Robb's story to his end. Is the Red Wedding now Catelyn's fault too?!Very very strange interpretation of motives...They did it to piss off book purists. Apparently it worked. As does the Robb/Talisa storyline.I think in the context of HBOGoT, their interpretation makes sense as it was Catelyn's betrayal, not Theon's, or the deaths of B/R, that immediately proceeded the encounter.  I really don't think they deliberately set out to piss of "book purists" as that would ultimately be, in some measure, self defeating.  I think they weighed their options, and Catelyn was the easiest to toss on the fire because it's not like viewers were going to hate her less than those who hated her in the books.    If anything, whether she was right or wrong, she remains the same polarizing character on HBO and the books.  So, zero-sum game there.Personally, I wish D&D appreciated the character more, but twas not to be apparently.Seriously, "I slept with her because I was made at my mom" totally made me burst out laughing.....
1247	My_Arya_Spirit	2012-05-22	I never believed for a second that BookRobb married Jeyne for any reason other than love/hormones. I also wanted to see this played out on television, because I thought BookRobb should have had a POV. 
However, we are making a lot of assumptions here about the future storyline. There are many reasons that Robb could marry Talissa. 
Perhaps, his mother again forbids him to do so, and he does it just to prove he can (I have 6 teenagers, so I know what I am talking about here.)
Perhaps Talissa is arrested or captured and the only way Robb can ensure her safety is to call her his Queen. 
Perhaps Talissa disappears or dies (kidnapped, her conscience dictates it, whatever) and Robb then simply refuses to marry the Frey girl at their actual wedding and so is murdered. Remember, we do not have an Edmure Tully as a substitute yet, so more improvising is surely ahead. 
Maybe Talissa even goes along with the plan that Robb shall marry the Frey girl, yet accompanies Robb to the wedding, and the Freys murder them both. 
I give the writers tremendous credit, and knowing that Martin is writing the next episode tells me that things should be very interesting. Martin is the master of the unexpected after all.
1248	DurararaFTW	2012-05-22	I don't think ANY of us, no matter how much we disagree on how the relationship with this different woman, "Talisa" should or could have played out would have seen that particular interpretation coming.Now I'm even more confused than I was before as to why they changed Jeyne Westerling into Talisa of Volantis.Westerlings are Lannister bannermen. They can't have Robb have an extended relationship with her prior to marriage, while in the camps. Catelyn and Bolton would totally talk him out of it and she would not allowed to just wander around the camp. This way, they can have Robb and the love interest build up this relationship, on the same set that Robb interacts with Catelyn and Bolton in. So, insofar as this adaption putting Robb in the spotlight and thus needing to flesh out his character (and flesh out his bookwise onedimensional love interest), I get that. Execution not with standing, i can understand where they were coming from with this.Bran/Rickon's death not being public knowledge by this point on the other hand I just do not understand.
1249	birdsong66	2012-05-22	Bran/Rickon's death not being public knowledge by this point on the other hand I just do not understand.This information will no doubt be relayed sometime during the final two episodes.  Likely, Robb will have to tell Catelyn.  While under guard.  And the idea that he will have to tell her that his decision to send Theon to treat with Baylon resulted in the capture, and subsequent deaths of her two youngest children, while he has had her imprisoned for her betrayal....I really hope TPTB play that scene for every bit of gut wrenching, in your face, look what you have done Robb potential that it has.  Epic potential.Cautiously hopeful that this is why they didn't allow for Catelyn to defend herself, her actions, her impossible situation that Robb left her in by his absence....so that Fairley can kill that fucking scene.We'll see.
1250	DurararaFTW	2012-05-22	This information will no doubt be relayed sometime during the final two episodes.  Likely, Robb will have to tell Catelyn.  While under guard.  And the idea that he will have to tell her that his decision to send Theon to treat with Baylon resulted in the capture, and subsequent deaths of her two youngest children, while he has had her imprisoned for her betrayal....I really hope TPTB play that scene for every bit of gut wrenching, in your face, look what you have done Robb potential that it has.  Epic potential.Cautiously hopeful that this is why they didn't allow for Catelyn to defend herself, her actions, her impossible situation that Robb left her in by his absence....so that Fairley can kill that fucking scene.We'll see.Yeah, I guess it could work as them reconciling over their grief, like Robert and Ned over Lyanna's death.
1251	Howdyphillip	2012-05-23	To the OP,
I agree with the base premise of your post. I also believe that the tale told about Rob Stark and his relationship with Jeyne Westerling is better in principle than the story being told on the series. That story would have been very brief on the TV show. I can't speak for the writers, but I assume that they made the changes to the story in order to give the audience more time with these characters as they will play such an integral part of the story next season. In the books, we never have a POV from Rob. We hear about him from other characters. There is no way to give a viewing audience the same kind of emotional reactions that we as book readers experienced when reading about the Red Wedding without getting to know the characters involved. This story allows for that, while the way it is written does not just due to time constraints. (He can't meet Jeyne Westerling until the Crag in the story which would leave all of 2 episodes and around 4 minutes of screen time for the audience to get to know them.) As for the world not knowing about the "deaths" of Bran and Rikon, I have to believe that the writers have done this for a reason that has yet to be told. Possibly so that the Reeds can be sent to serve them next season. If it is well known they are dead, then they would not be able to hook up with them next year.
 I cringe at changes at first as well, but then I stop a moment and try and reason to myself what the writers are thinking when they make the changes. This is one that I understand. I would much rather have a deeper connection to Rob when his curtain is drawn. This show is not just for me as a book reader. People who have never seen the show need to throw their remote through the TV just as I threw my book across the room. I think that this is a change that will make that outcome more likely.
 That said, I don't find these scenes to be the best acted in the series. Richard Maddon's delivery seems a little dry, and the dialogue is too predictable, but it still conveys to the audience the emotional attachment to Robb that we were privy to as book readers.
I take strong issue with the word "ruined" in the post title. Even with disappointment that things are not exactly like they are in the books, I think words like this, and "horrible", or "terrible" are just unfair for this TV series. I have been a fan of fantasy literature my whole life, and nothing has even come close to being a better representation of this genre on TV.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 23 May 2012 - 02:44 AM.
1252	Morrigan	2012-05-23	Thanks for the well-written, thoughtful post. "Ruined" is a bit of hyperbole I guess, but I do feel strongly that Robb has been acting completely out of character in this storyline. And it's not like I'm a huge fan of Robb, as I said in the OP the Red Wedding upset me more because Catelyn died, not Robb. But it invariably annoys me when character's personalities are completely altered. Ah well...if you watch the inside the edition episode, D&D blame robb's cheatingon his mother!!!!!!!!!!! they say Robb was living in a world of honor raised by Ned and Cat to act a certain way but all around him people were living dishonorably. and when lCat betrayed him he was so pissed that he figured fuck it. AAARRRGGHHHHHH blaming Cat for Robb screwing around. flabbergastedThis isn't true, is it? Someone, please tell me this isn't true. Please...
1253	protar	2012-05-23	Thanks for the well-written, thoughtful post. "Ruined" is a bit of hyperbole I guess, but I do feel strongly that Robb has been acting completely out of character in this storyline. And it's not like I'm a huge fan of Robb, as I said in the OP the Red Wedding upset me more because Catelyn died, not Robb. But it invariably annoys me when character's personalities are completely altered. Ah well... This isn't true, is it? Someone, please tell me this isn't true. Please...It is indeed true, I just watched the video. Basically they think that Robb is tired of being the only one being honourable and that Cat freeing Jaime was the final straw. I am now convinced that D+D neither understand or respect the source material.
1254	Lord Over	2012-05-23	TV Robb: Bwwwwwwwwaaaa~~ My momma didn't listen to me like I'm a big boy, I'mma go have de sex!!
All I can say is, bring on the The Red Wedding. In the words of Hitler, "I've never seen people more foolish than the Starks, they deserve to die for their stupidity!!"
1255	mcb	2012-05-23	TV Robb: Bwwwwwwwwaaaa~~ My momma didn't listen to me like I'm a big boy, I'mma go have de sex!!Book Robb: "oy vey, I deflowered a girl, I'd better piss on my oaths and bring doom upon my house and my kingdom to make it up to her". Really that much better? You must be kidding.The difference is, he wasn't expected to be Sir Galahad the Pure, while he was expected to honor his oaths.
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 23 May 2012 - 06:51 AM.
1256	_Oberyn_	2012-05-23	It is indeed true, I just watched the video. Basically they think that Robb is tired of being the only one being honourable and that Cat freeing Jaime was the final straw. I am now convinced that D+D neither understand or respect the source material.I second that, apparently Talisas "probing questions" had something to do with it too.  *facepalm* Jesus wept.
1257	FantA´me	2012-05-23	It is indeed true, I just watched the video. Basically they think that Robb is tired of being the only one being honourable and that Cat freeing Jaime was the final straw. I am now convinced that D+D neither understand or respect the source material.They are talking about the storyline they wrote for the show , not about the books , right? Because since they've read them they have to know Robb learned about Cat's betrayal after he slept with Jeyne.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 23 May 2012 - 07:16 AM.
1258	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	I dont thinkthe tv series has ruined robb at all. Either way, its the same outcome, he breaks his vows.For me though it isn't the destination, it's the journey.  yes, we suppose in the end he is going to break his vow and marry Jey...Talissa.  I much preferred the boyish moment of weakness followed by the attempt at man-ish honor than knowingly and intentionally breaking his word.The thing that will be interesting to see how they do this is since he is still surrounded by his bannerman - some of who aren't total nobs - just how he is going to get away with marrying her without someone smacking him upside the head.
					
					
							Edited by Â<U+008A>edA1 vlk2375, 23 May 2012 - 07:20 AM.
1259	protar	2012-05-23	They are talking about the storyline they wrote for the show , not about the books , right? Because since they've read them they have to know Robb learned about Cat's betrayal after he slept with Jeyne.I starting to doubt they even know that. And in any case their explanation is a complete mess, and doesn't at all match up with either book or show Robb.
1260	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-23	Damn, if what D&D said about Robb's motivation is true then that's truly terrible subtext, amateurish and unworthy. OK sure, he's upset at what Cat did, but please at least make his motivation a general feeling of losing control and wanting some comfort in the arms of a woman he's fallen for. Not revenge sex.Still there's a way to rescue this which I hadn't thought of, including Talissa having genuine feelings for Robb and not being a mole. Courtesy of TV fans who're dedicated to not being spoiled.From the Television Wiuthout Pity Forum: So unless Robb produces an legitimate heir asap the Stark family is going to end with him and Winterfell will fall to the Lannisters. Robb can't wait until the war is over to marry a Frey girl, because he is probably not going to survive the war (Margaery told Renly, that he is not safe until he produces an heir).So, Robb and Talissa agree that it's a fling, and Robb must stay true to his oath. Then the news comes that Bran and Rickon are dead. Robb needs to get busy breeding a legitimate heir. He decides, possibly after talking to some lords about the importance of making an heir(please not Cat, actually Cat should strongly disagree) that he must marry Talissa now and get a legitimate son (hopefully) ASAP. The irony being of course that his death comes at the hands of the family he was going to be marrying into.That's not a terrible way for Robb and Talissa to end up married. Still nothing on the original story, but it saves it from being completely terrible.In the book we don't yet know if Jeyne is or isn't preggers (probably isn't). But we do know Robb was very busily trying to breed.
1261	birdsong66	2012-05-23	They are talking about the storyline they wrote for the show , not about the books , right? Because since they've read them they have to know Robb learned about Cat's betrayal after he slept with Jeyne.Yes.  This quote is specifically about the circumstances that were developed on HBOGoT.  So, basically, the argument "But she started it" is intended to suffice the adaptation.
1262	FantA´me	2012-05-23	I starting to doubt they even know that. And in any case their explanation is a complete mess, and doesn't at all match up with either book or show Robb.I agree this is ridiculous either way. Yes. This quote is specifically about the circumstances that were developed on HBOGoT. So, basically, the argument "But she started it" is intended to suffice the adaptation.Wow I liked the arguments of the fans justifying it far better.
							Edited by FantA´me, 23 May 2012 - 07:43 AM.
1263	David Selig	2012-05-23	I don't see what the big deal is with what D&D said. In the context of the show Robb's motivation makes sense. Sure, it's completely different from the books, but there the plot is totally different too. The dumb part is that for no apparent reason Catelyn didn't explain why she had to release Jaime that night, but if we ignore this and accept that Robb felt betrayed by his other, his reaction is not that strange.So, Robb and Talissa agree that it's a fling, and Robb must stay true to his oath. Then the news comes that Bran and Rickon are dead. Robb needs to get busy breeding a legitimate heir. He decides, possibly after talking to some lords about the importance of making an heir(please not Cat, actually Cat should strongly disagree) that he must marry Talissa now and get a legitimate son (hopefully) ASAP. The irony being of course that his death comes at the hands of the family he was going to be marrying into.That's not a terrible way for Robb and Talissa to end up married. Still nothing on the original story, but it saves it from being completely terrible. But if he needs a heir ASAP, why not marry the Frey girl immediately? Lord Walder would surely agree.
1264	protar	2012-05-23	I don't see what the big deal is with what D&D said. In the context of the show Robb's motivation makes sense. Sure, it's completely different from the books, but there the plot is totally different too. The dumb part is that for no apparent reason Catelyn didn't explain why she had to release Jaime that night, but if we ignore this and accept that Robb felt betrayed by his other, his reaction is not that strange.Which leads back to the question: Why change it in the first place? The only reason I can think of is that D+D wildly misinterpreted the books and wanted to emphasise their interpretation in the show.
1265	birdsong66	2012-05-23	I have to believe there is a reason TPTB have decided on this course of action/plotline/arc.  
Perhaps it is a simple as providing side by side examples of consequences, and building it so that as a viewer your "judgement" bounces from one to the other as a means to lay blame.
Robb leaves camp with Talisa--poor form, viewers collectively WTF
    Consequence:  Discord, threats of beheadings, Jamie is released by Catelyn.
Catelyn releases Jaime--poor form, viewers collectively WTF
    Consequence:  Loss of valuable hostage, loss of trust between Robb/Catelyn, imprisonment for Catelyn, Northern forces weakened.
Robb sleeps with Talisa--poor form, viewers collectively WTF (despite enjoying sex scene with naked girl, ohhhhh boobies)
    Consequence:  Robb's honor potentially compromised, Compromised in front of his troops, future betrayals of bannermen, pregnancy(?)
But the mother of all is...
Robb sends Theon to Baylon:  ill advised, specifically advised by both parents NOT to do this
    Consequence:  Loss of family seat, two youngest siblings captured, two youngest siblings presumed/reported dead, fewer heirs to Winterfell, 
y'all getting the idea?  Placing all of those back to back, building it, in some small way, redeems Catelyn's actions whereas Robb's become ill advised at best, absolutely devastating, worst.
So, possibly, there is still hope?
1266	mike_s_6	2012-05-23	I didn't read the whole thread, but I somehow agree with OP. 
For me though, it was not at all about Robb's character. He was a fool, even in the book. But, the way it was handled in the show softened the series of events that was topped with Robb's foolishness. Mainly these:
Winterfell captured.
Bran and Rickon dead, their heads on display in Winterfell.
Catelyn grieves so much she loses her head and lets their captive go.
Robb grieves and makes the mistake of marrying someone else.
The Stark hope was turning into a massive trainwreck. I was speechless and furious and disappointed at how awful everything was turning out. But now in the TV series... Not so much. My expected trainwreck of emotions didn't arrive, all because they decided to leave the deaths of Bran and Rickon out of the equation of the others' decisions. 
I never thought I would criticize any of the changes until this came!
1267	Bride of Winter	2012-05-23	people who are mad at the Robb/Talisa storyline aren't necessarily book purists by any means. Honestly, in the show they're pretty much completely negating the point Book Robb stands to make. The Red Wedding's a huge plot point, yes, but it's not the point of Robb's story. his arc isn't "he fucks up and then there's a really awesome massacre" 
Robb's arc is about how he goes from having everything going for him, to losing his bannermen one by one and driving some to betrayal. The point isn't that he dies, but WHY. Winning every battle and losing the war would have no meaning if his betrayal came out of nowhere. It's how he arrived there that matters. and theres a difference between being consumed by your naive and idealistic vision of honor and not cut out for the game of thrones (book Robb), and being reckless, dumb, and inconsiderate (show Robb)
Robb is not just a plot device to bring on the Red Wedding. believe it or not, he's his own character with his own story.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 23 May 2012 - 08:06 AM.
1268	SelaBela	2012-05-23	You sure that's not just a knee-jerk reaction on your part? People do crazy things after major trauma in their lives - see Catelyn freeing Jaime. He has just found out that his foster brother, a close friend, has not only betrayed him but murdered his two actual brothers. I would want to lash out in that situation, and Theon is a long ways away. Who would be the convenient target for your rage at that point? I think the enemy family whose castle you are occupying, vassals of the Lannisters who killed your old man, are as good a punching bag as any.Again, it would be a moment of temporary insanity, if you will. But I feel like doing right by her would provide a strong motive for breaking his oath to the Freys. He would have to do right by Jeyne after that, as a Stark. But marrying her after a consensual one-night stand is just boneheaded and frankly hard to wrap my head around. I think GRRM could have provided a stronger motiveAnd for those saying that the family would never agree to a marriage after that, what better choice would they have? She's been deflowered and dishonored, and might be carrying his child anyway. And she's being offered a chance to be Queen of the North from a man who is genuinely remorsefulNot sure if anyone has already told you this, still going through the thread, but rape is about power.  Not lust.  So I'm not sure where you're thinking his rage from her "giving him shit" + lust = rape.
1269	birdsong66	2012-05-23	Wow I liked the arguments of the fans justifying it far better.LOL.  Seriously, I am quite far from offering justifications for this turn of events a la D&DHBOGoT.Perhaps I've just accepted that D&D do not care for the character of Catelyn as I do, the result of which is she becomes a shadow of the badass that she could be periodically in the books, and the show reflects this specific interpretation?I would LOVE TO BE WRONG.....
1270	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	i reread the scene last night where Robb confronts Cat after returning to Riverrun with his new bride and I have to say it is one of my favorites from the series.
Cat is sitting in isolation for weeks worrying over Jamies travels and worrying about Robbs reaction to her releasing Jamie.
Robb comes back, Cat witnesses this mysterious conflict in the castle yard with knights angrily leaving the castle
She is summoned to Robb
She nervously but bravely enters the room, listens to Karstark angrily confronting robb and leaving, speaks up to Robb, wondering all the time who the strangers behind Robb are.
Robb forgives her.  She is completely relieved.
They move on to introducing her to his new bride.  WTF!!!!!!!!
She realizes she has been completely played by Robb!  She also realizes the magnitude of his error.
They then move onto switching from praising Edmure to slamming him for fighting Tywin
Then they try to solve the Frey problem by offering up Edmure
Pure beauty.  I wish they could have transf erred that scene to tv.  It would have been epic if well acted
1271	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I second that, apparently Talisas "probing questions" had something to do with it too. *facepalm* Jesus wept.In Robbs defense if Ooona ever asked me "how I was doing" I would probably fall in love enough to throw away my kingdom, as humble as it is.
1272	Bride of Winter	2012-05-23	i reread the scene last night where Robb confronts Cat after returning to Riverrun with his new bride and I have to say it is one of my favorites from the series.Cat is sitting in isolation for weeks worrying over Jamies travels and worrying about Robbs reaction to her releasing Jamie.Robb comes back, Cat witnesses this mysterious conflict in the castle yard with knights angrily leaving the castleShe is summoned to RobbShe nervously but bravely enters the room, listens to Karstark angrily confronting robb and leaving, speaks up to Robb, wondering all the time who the strangers behind Robb are.Robb forgives her.  She is completely relieved.They move on to introducing her to his new bride.  WTF!!!!!!!!She realizes she has been completely played by Robb!  She also realizes the magnitude of his error.They then move onto switching from praising Edmure to slamming him for fighting TywinThen they try to solve the Frey problem by offering up EdmurePure beauty.  I wish they could have transf erred that scene to tv.  It would have been epic if well actedYup. the timing of that scene was perfect. as opposed to in the show Robb just makes a huge ass out of himself by yelling at his mother for ruining his war efforts then turning around and banging Talisa 5 minutes later because he "doesn't want to marry the Frey girl". boo hoo. not to mention, one of my favorite lines is when Robb says "nobody calls my Lady of Winterfell a traitor in my hearing" to defend Catelyn against everyone (specifically Karstark) whose saying she committed treason, but on the show he's on Karstarks side. It's just beyond stupid.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 23 May 2012 - 10:27 AM.
1273	Reposado	2012-05-23	Just rewatched this episode, the scene where robb is walking through the forest with talisa and a train of retainers is completely pathetic. What the Hell, this looks like a formal courting session. how does he have time for this? Did they write the war out of this season? He's going on pleasant jaunts through the forest. Didn't we just castigate Renly for not taking war seriously. At least his knights got better at fighting from the tourneys. At least his allegiances were strengthened by feasting his queen and her bannermen. ROBB IS TAKING STROLLS IN THE WOODS.
1274	Cressit	2012-05-23	D.B. Weiss's explanation of Robb/Talisa isn't that it's revenge sex as a direct f-u to Cat.  I don't even get the sense that they dislike Cat although they've weakened her a bit.  Weiss claims that Cat's betrayal jarred him awake to the realization that honor and duty should be balanced with personal happiness, that it sucks being the only one who plays by the rules. If Theon's betrayal had happened after Cat's I assume that would have done it... it was cumulative.I was a defender of HBO-Robb because I've never been able to get over how idiotic it was for Book-Robb to marry Jeyne.  I viewed his relationship with Talisa as less stupid.  But I didn't really think that D&amp;D meant for me see that Robb was "hyper-aware of what it would mean to break his oath to Walder Frey" and "sometimes your own wishes and your own desires and your own happiness do need to play a role in life."  I wish I hadn't watched the Inside the Episode video for this one.  Maybe I'm too Stannis-y but I don't think a king has the luxury of his own happiness in the middle of a war.If you haven't seen it here's a transcription I did of Weiss's comment:"Robb's sense of honor and ideals are built on his father and mother both. He's fighting this war and his mother has just done something terrible in his eyes and makes him wonder why are you following this code to the letter and why are you so committed to loyalty, honor, dignity, duty to the exclusion of all else when nobody else around you really is? Is it a smart thing to do or a stupid thing?  His father was that way, what happened to his father? It all becomes too much.... all of the different promises you've made start to conflict with each other and something has to give somewhere. Robb definitely is hyper-aware of what it would mean to break his oath to Walder Frey. What's so great about Talisa is she asks him deep, probing questions forcing him to confront his own idealism in a critical way he finds challenging, makes her much more attractive to him.  It's almost a bit of realism seeping into his world, an acknowledgement and recognition that people aren't perfect. Sometimes your own wishes and your own desires and your own happiness do need to play a role in life. I think there was crack in his world view and it lets these questions seep in a little bit."
					
					
							Edited by Cressit, 23 May 2012 - 12:02 PM.
1275	Admiral Bolton	2012-05-23	I think you are saying this with the foreknowledge of the implications this has. They also built up to this, it wasn't like it came out of no where. Robb said a few episodes back that the alliance with the Freys was to cross the bridge and save Ned.
1276	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	TV Robb: Bwwwwwwwwaaaa~~ My momma didn't listen to me like I'm a big boy, I'mma go have de sex!! All I can say is, bring on the The Red Wedding. In the words of Hitler, "I've never seen people more foolish than the Starks, they deserve to die for their stupidity!!"I call Godwinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Law down upon thee and thine. This thread is now closed. : }
1277	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	It is indeed true, I just watched the video. Basically they think that Robb is tired of being the only one being honourable and that Cat freeing Jaime was the final straw. I am now convinced that D+D neither understand or respect the source material.WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I can't believe it
1278	mcb	2012-05-23	Just rewatched this episode, the scene where robb is walking through the forest with talisa and a train of retainers is completely pathetic. What the Hell, this looks like a formal courting session. how does he have time for this? Did they write the war out of this season?Well, Tywin has plenty of time to discuss the world with a little servant girl.
1279	Currawong	2012-05-23	Robb's arc is about how he goes from having everything going for him, to losing his bannermen one by one and driving some to betrayal. The point isn't that he dies, but WHY. Winning every battle and losing the war would have no meaning if his betrayal came out of nowhere. It's how he arrived there that matters. and theres a difference between being consumed by your naive and idealistic vision of honor and not cut out for the game of thrones (book Robb), and being reckless, dumb, and inconsiderate (show Robb) Robb is not just a plot device to bring on the Red Wedding. believe it or not, he's his own character with his own story.Yes, but it is his "honour" in actually marrying the girl he has sex with that is what brings him undone.It doesn't really matter WHY he has sex - with some sympathetic girl stranger out of grief for his brothers, or because he has fallen in love with another woman.  The bottom line plotwise is that his Stark sense of honour leads him to marry that woman.  And by doing so he breaks his oath to the Freys, which is what ultimately leads to the RW.  (Robb has also misjudged the deep hatreds and insecurities of Walder Frey of course).   I agree that one of the tragedies of Robb's story is that despite everything he has done, all his early successes on the battlefield and being acclaimed as King of the North, the wheels start to fall off very rapidly.   The terrible irony is that this is really caused not by his enemies, but by the Starks - Catelyn and Robb himself.  As the entire Jeyne story takes place "off screen" as it were in the books, I really don't care that they have given us Talisa/Jeyne, because it makes sense in the context of a TV adaptation and because, as I've said before, her scenes also serve another wider purpose with respect to establishing aspects of Robb's character that again, we only hear about in the books.   And people who only watch the TV series are surely already getting the foreboding impression of things about to go terribly wrong once Cat releases Jaime, because you can see and feel the rumbling dissatisfaction within the bannermen via the Karstarks back in Episode 7.ETA:    BTW, why all the angst over the TV writers having different impressions of Robb's character?  If you read the various threads on the forum here about the books, there is plenty of disgreement between avid book fans about how they see certain characters and the interpretation they put on events.   There is surely no one "right" way to see every single thing or person in the books - GRRM writes shades of grey, after all - so one has to be careful about suggesting they get things totally "wrong".  It's one thing to say that you don't like their interpretation of someone, and explain your reasons, but D and D are just as entitled as any other reader to their opinions.  And as we are watching a work in progress, it's probably best to wait until certain arcs are completed on screen before condemning them so completely.For example, I don't like the fact that they had Jaime kill Alton, but I also accept that this is how they see his character, and also how they wish to show various developments later.   I will wait until it all plays out on screen before making my final assessment as to whether they have been successful.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 23 May 2012 - 11:27 AM.
1280	Reposado	2012-05-23	D.B. Weiss's explanation of Robb/Talisa isn't that it's revenge sex as a direct f-u to Cat. I don't even get the sense that they dislike Cat although they've weakened her a bit. Weiss claims that Robb Cat's betrayal jarred him awake to the realization that honor and duty should be balanced with personal happiness, that it sucks being the only one who plays by the rules. If Theon's betrayal had happened after Cat's I assume that would have done it... it was cumulative.which might have made sense, if robb hadn't been actively pursuing talisa long before this.this is what makes me think they don't know what they're doing. they don't know how to make the characters consistent with their own vision of themWell, Tywin has plenty of time to discuss the world with a little servant girl.i do think they kept him there for too long.(again, a decision based on casting rather than plot) But there is a reason Tywin is holed up in Harrenhal. in his war plan, he is the lion waiting to pounce. he is also trying to secure alliances to avoid unnecessary fighting.robb is taking the war to the westerlands by carousing with their women
					
					
							Edited by Lanza Rota, 23 May 2012 - 11:21 AM.
1281	protar	2012-05-23	Yes, but it is his "honour" in actually marrying the girl he has sex with that is what brings him undone. It doesn't really matter WHY he has sex - with some sympathetic girl stranger out of grief for his brothers, or because he has fallen in love with another woman. The bottom line plotwise is that his Stark sense of honour leads him to marry that woman. And by doing so he breaks his oath to the Freys, which is what ultimately leads to the RW. (Robb has also misjudged the deep hatreds and insecurities of Walder Frey of course). I agree that one of the tragedies of Robb's story is that despite everything he has done, all his early successes on the battlefield and being acclaimed as King of the North, the wheels start to fall off very rapidly. The terrible irony is that this is really caused not by his enemies, but by the Starks - Catelyn and Robb himself. As the entire Jeyne story takes place "off screen" as it were in the books, I really don't care that they have given us Talisa/Jeyne, because it makes sense in the context of a TV adaptation and because, as I've said before, her scenes also serve another wider purpose with respect to establishing aspects of Robb's character that again, we only hear about in the books. And people who only watch the TV series are surely already getting the foreboding impression of things about to go terribly wrong once Cat releases Jaime, because you can see and feel the rumbling dissatisfaction within the bannermen via the Karstarks.This idea that if the end destination is the same then the journey doesn't matter really irks me. Having Robb simply sleep with Talisa for love doesn't make sense with his character and is hardly honourable. The fit of grief angle is more realistic, more in line with Robb's character and would've made for better TV. Because lets face it, the Unsullied aren't enjoying the Robb/Talisa stuff.
1282	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I'd feel better if someone along the line had said "Stand up when you speak to the King" or "the King has better things to do with his time than talk to the likes of you"  something that puts the atmosphere of a medieval society and the relationship in context.
1283	Currawong	2012-05-23	which might have made sense, if robb hadn't been actively pursuing talisa long before this.Oh please - if Talisa had wanted to give him the brush off, she could have!   Don't tell me that it was only Robb pursuing her.   And anyway, what is wrong with Robb taking an interest in someone like Talisa?    Why shouldn't he?  And why is it any more unrealistic to have him feel hurt and angry and generally pissed off over the fact that for political reasons, he is going to have to marry some unatractive Frey girl whom he's neve rmet, instead of being able to court an attractive girl normally?   To me, it makes far more sense that he would want to marry someone for whom he has developed some feelings and then slept with, rather than just marry some stranger like Jeyne because of one night of passion.   Ned, Catelyn, then Robb - the Stark family are all honourable idiots. If you stand back, isn't that one of the larger GRRM themes and ironies in the books - how being "honourable" doesn't always mean you are "right".  Being "honourable" in his world often brings things crashing down on you, especially when you are both honourable and naive.
1284	mcb	2012-05-23	If you stand back, isn't that one of the larger GRRM themes and ironies in the books - how being "honourable" doesn't always mean you are "right".  Being "honourable" in his world often brings things crashing down on you, especially when you are both honourable and naive.I simply cannot take it anymore. Why, why on earth people call Robb marrying Jeyne Westerling "honorable"? It was anything but. He broke a contract. He weaseled out of a deal, and after the other party delivered. All this would be dishonorable for any minor lord, but Robb in one brilliant move screwed everyone he was responsible for. His kingdom, his vassals, his family.There really is no honor in breaking oaths. Especially if he'd done just to protect the virtue of his girlfriend. The Kingslayer had a good reason; Robb Stark just thought "what would Kelly Bundy do" and acted accordingly.
1285	protar	2012-05-23	I simply cannot take it anymore. Why, why on earth people call Robb marrying Jeyne Westerling "honorable"? It was anything but. He broke a contract. He weaseled out of a deal, and after the other party delivered. All this would be dishonorable for any minor lord, but Robb in one brilliant move screwed everyone he was responsible for. His kingdom, his vassals, his family. There really is no honor in breaking oaths. Especially if he'd done just to protect the virtue of his girlfriend. The Kingslayer had a good reason; Robb Stark just thought "what would Kelly Bundy do" and acted accordingly.It was atleast half honourable. It was honourable towards Jeyne even if it was dishonourable towards the Freys. The fact that in the show, Robb is actively courting and chasing after Talisa means it's not honourable at all.
1286	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I simply cannot take it anymore. Why, why on earth people call Robb marrying Jeyne Westerling "honorable"? It was anything but. He broke a contract. He weaseled out of a deal, and after the other party delivered. All this would be dishonorable for any minor lord, but Robb in one brilliant move screwed everyone he was responsible for. His kingdom, his vassals, his family.There really is no honor in breaking oaths. Especially if he'd done just to protect the virtue of his girlfriend. The Kingslayer had a good reason; Robb Stark just thought "what would Kelly Bundy do" and acted accordingly.there is also no honor is deflowering a maiden highborn lady and walking away.  His  momentary lapse of reason left him with a need to protect Jeyne's honor
1287	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-23	there is also no honor is deflowering a maiden highborn lady and walking away. His momentary lapse of reason left him with a need to protect Jeyne's honorTrue. You can really see it both ways. It's honourable for Jeyne, but completely dishonourable towards the Freys. Endless discussion I think.
1288	Jolene Brown	2012-05-23	Agh, that quote about how he likes that she asks him deep, probing questions that challenge him annoys me a bit.  Something I loved about Book Robb was how annoyed he got at Catelyn for challenging him and trying to get him to make peace since the cause seemed lost when they were on their way to the Twins for the wedding.  I liked that he wasn't all, "Oh, I understand your point of view."  He behaved realistically, and started avoiding her, and she was sad that everyone was mad at her (she'd already pissed Edmure off).  Young men who are leading armies for the first time are not necessarily very excited to be challenged by those around them, perhaps because they already have inner doubts that they feel the need to overcome to do what they think is right, and they don't want other people reinforcing those doubts with 'deep probing questions.'  I just feel that they keep simplifying the more complex emotional landscape of the story of the books.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 23 May 2012 - 12:37 PM.
1289	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	True. You can really see it both ways. It's honourable for Jeyne, but completely dishonourable towards the Freys. Endless discussion I think.that mulitple perspective on honor is the essence of GRRMs world.  and why I find it such a compelling story
1290	mcb	2012-05-23	there is also no honor is deflowering a maiden highborn lady and walking away. His momentary lapse of reason left him with a need to protect Jeyne's honorWhich would be fine, had he not been bounded with numerous obligations he chose to defecate on. Vassals rely on their lord slash king, and Robb didn't give a fuck about it.OK, I'm getting out of this thread, no one is going to convince someone else. My final word: HBO didn't ruin Robb's character; GRRM did.
1291	Reposado	2012-05-23	Oh please - if Talisa had wanted to give him the brush off, she could have! Don't tell me that it was only Robb pursuing her. And anyway, what is wrong with Robb taking an interest in someone like Talisa? Why shouldn't he? And why is it any more unrealistic to have him feel hurt and angry and generally pissed off over the fact that for political reasons, he is going to have to marry some unatractive Frey girl whom he's neve rmet, instead of being able to court an attractive girl normally? To me, it makes far more sense that he would want to marry someone for whom he has developed some feelings and then slept with, rather than just marry some stranger like Jeyne because of one night of passion. Ned, Catelyn, then Robb - the Stark family are all honourable idiots. If you stand back, isn't that one of the larger GRRM themes and ironies in the books - how being "honourable" doesn't always mean you are "right". Being "honourable" in his world often brings things crashing down on you, especially when you are both honourable and naive.it wasn't ONLY robb pursuing her. but he was pursuing her.and poor robb, he can't court the girl of his dreams and has to marry for political reasons. welcome to westeros. normal isn't chatting up attractive girls like he's in modern america. normal is marrying who will give you the best political connections. stannis hates his wife, renly is obioulsy uninterested in his. but robb, he only had dozens of frey girls to choose from. it's a shame that he isn't allowed to marry commoners
1292	protar	2012-05-23	Yep. Martin ruined his own character.
/facepalm
I wish people would stop defending D+D when they blatantly don't know what they're doing with the show.
1293	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Which would be fine, had he not been bounded with numerous obligations he chose to defecate on. Vassals rely on their lord slash king, and Robb didn't give a fuck about it.OK, I'm getting out of this thread, no one is going to convince someone else. My final word: HBO didn't ruin Robb's character; GRRM did.that is why GRRM gave Robb a realistic reason for doing so. he was wounded, nursed back to health, then finds out his brothers were killed because of a mistake he made. He was devestated and here is this beautiful woman to console him. One thing leads to another and WOOOPS.  Come morning, the realization  hits.  And the angels on his shoulder give him poor advice.  Marry this woman, its the honorable thing to do.
1294	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I simply cannot take it anymore. Why, why on earth people call Robb marrying Jeyne Westerling "honorable"? It was anything but. He broke a contract. He weaseled out of a deal, and after the other party delivered. All this would be dishonorable for any minor lord, but Robb in one brilliant move screwed everyone he was responsible for. His kingdom, his vassals, his family. There really is no honor in breaking oaths. Especially if he'd done just to protect the virtue of his girlfriend. The Kingslayer had a good reason; Robb Stark just thought "what would Kelly Bundy do" and acted accordingly.mcb, you seem to be under the false impression that honor (as GRRM sees it) is gray, with shades of right and wrong.  That is not the way GRRM presents it (for the starks at least).  Each thing is taken unto itself as right or wrong, honorable or dishonorable, a VERY black and white world view.Now Robb has done something dishonorable.  He MUST make amends and the only way he saw fit was to make Jeyne an honorable woman again. It was an honorable act. In committing that act, though he does a dishonorable act to the Freys. That is GRRMs point.  Honor and duty create irresolvable dilemnas. TV Robb has a completely resolvable situation, dont chase the foxy girls tail. To an extent Book Robb's dilemna was avoidable dont sleep with Jeyne, but his action was a momentary lapse of reason directly attributable to a horrible grief.TV Robb plans his affair with Talisa for weeks if not months.There is the difference that "purists" have a problem with the difference between a momentary lapse of reason, which people can understand and accept (as Cat does), and an extended planned act of betrayal (which changes completely who Robb is as a person from book Robb)
1295	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	and FWIW, I believe D&D could have easily stayed true to the story, without major impact on production.  Follow robb to the Crag, have hiim get hurt, have an episode where he meets Jeyne nursing him to health (an epi or two), then have  him find out about R&B and be grief stricken then fall into bed with Jeyne. It would have worked fine for tv and stayed true to the story and make the RW as tragic as the book, where now people will be far lessed surprised at Bolton and Freys betrayal. 
It seems to go back to not having Cat and Robb  hear about the death of B&R, which I simply cant understand at this point in the show
1296	Envie	2012-05-23	I talked to my husband at length about this thread / debate. He's an avid book fan like me but also has a much different perspective on why they are doing the story the way they are in the series   and it makes sense to him this way:When it was said by one of the producers in the 'inside the episode' video that "Robb just learned of his Mother's betrayal and basically says 'fuck it' and decides to go for it with Talisa" - it doesn't necessarily mean he's 'mad' at her and just doing it out of spite. Obviously he's been chasing Talisa and has a lot of attraction for her but has been holding back because he knows his promise to the Freys which his Mother has reminded him of (last episode) because she sees how much he's lusting after this Talisa woman. She says "I wish you were free to follow your heart" and he cuts her off and tells her he knows he has to do what he said and marry a Frey...But then, when alone with Talisa, they both joke about the "expensive bridge" price as if its something to laugh about because both of them are really wanting one another... the tension has just grown each time they're together (maybe that's why I think the acting is so awkward between them). And now, Robb knows his Mother betrayed him by letting Jaime Lannister go free and he's really pissed about that too... so he decides to himself "you know what, someone's word can be broken easily, even by your own family" (don't forget Theon's also betrayed him at this point)... and so, with that in mind, he decides to screw Talisa anyways.Also, someone else mentioned this and so did my husband: Having her be "Talisa" some unknown camp follower from Volantis makes his screwing around with her a lot more believable. He probably thinks he'll just have sex with her and then still go on to 'do his duty' and marry the horrible Frey girl anyways. If in fact she's still going to be revealed as Jeyne Westerling in the next episode or the finale and he feels honor bound to marry her at that point, it still makes sense and flows with the story as written by Martin.So there you go, my perspective changed after reading many pages of this debate as well as discussing it with my hubby who has a much more open minded view of it from the show. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Just take it into consideration that the overall picture of Robb Stark remains the same and he's not 'ruined' by this change necessarily. And, sadly, we all know he doesn't become king of the north or anywhere else anyways. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 23 May 2012 - 01:24 PM.
1297	Frumpus	2012-05-23	We don't even know if the whole Talisa thing will be the excuse the Freys use to murder Robb Stark in the tv show anyway. They might just have it happen while he's there being married to the Frey girl for all we know.
Either way, the whole discussion on honor is stupid. Honor is what made Robb Stark a terrible character in the books - as only an idiot bound by a worthless code would marry someone out of honor when he could have pretended he never did it. By removing that element in the show, it makes him a better one. They actually made him a better character. Stop crying about it.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 23 May 2012 - 01:26 PM.
1298	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-23	Robb is a dumb cunt in both stories. Only he's an even dumber cunt in the show. Yes, being 'dishonourable' but not endangering the lives of all those who support you (without the Freys, they were doomed) is the smarter choice. I'd even say screwing a girl and not marrying her is more honourable than losing the support of a powerful house and thus condemning many of your followers to death, even if we're only talking about the extra men who died because of the delay winning back Lord Frey's support caused. This might actually be a good thing because the RW would be too painful to the eyes for show-only viewers if they didn't feel 'he had it coming' (and even then it will be painful to watch). Create too much sympathy for Robb and people will throw their televisions out of the windows during that scene. I actually hope Talisa will get it at the RW as well, would make all of it worth it. It doesn't really seem like she's going to be playing an important role afterwards anyway... Unless she did get pregnant in some way *sigh*.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 23 May 2012 - 01:47 PM.
1299	Bride of Winter	2012-05-23	Yes, but it is his "honour" in actually marrying the girl he has sex with that is what brings him undone.It doesn't really matter WHY he has sex - with some sympathetic girl stranger out of grief for his brothers, or because he has fallen in love with another woman.  The bottom line plotwise is that his Stark sense of honour leads him to marry that woman.  And by doing so he breaks his oath to the Freys, which is what ultimately leads to the RW.  (Robb has also misjudged the deep hatreds and insecurities of Walder Frey of course).   I agree that one of the tragedies of Robb's story is that despite everything he has done, all his early successes on the battlefield and being acclaimed as King of the North, the wheels start to fall off very rapidly.   The terrible irony is that this is really caused not by his enemies, but by the Starks - Catelyn and Robb himself.  As the entire Jeyne story takes place "off screen" as it were in the books, I really don't care that they have given us Talisa/Jeyne, because it makes sense in the context of a TV adaptation and because, as I've said before, her scenes also serve another wider purpose with respect to establishing aspects of Robb's character that again, we only hear about in the books.   And people who only watch the TV series are surely already getting the foreboding impression of things about to go terribly wrong once Cat releases Jaime, because you can see and feel the rumbling dissatisfaction within the bannermen via the Karstarks back in Episode 7.ETA:	BTW, why all the angst over the TV writers having different impressions of Robb's character?  If you read the various threads on the forum here about the books, there is plenty of disgreement between avid book fans about how they see certain characters and the interpretation they put on events.   There is surely no one "right" way to see every single thing or person in the books - GRRM writes shades of grey, after all - so one has to be careful about suggesting they get things totally "wrong".  It's one thing to say that you don't like their interpretation of someone, and explain your reasons, but D and D are just as entitled as any other reader to their opinions.  And as we are watching a work in progress, it's probably best to wait until certain arcs are completed on screen before condemning them so completely.For example, I don't like the fact that they had Jaime kill Alton, but I also accept that this is how they see his character, and also how they wish to show various developments later.   I will wait until it all plays out on screen before making my final assessment as to whether they have been successful.I'm less upset about how he went about sleeping with her. Though I would rather them keep it consistent with it being out of grief, I'm more angry about the issue with marriage it poses. Maybe I'm just being pessimistic, but it seems pretty set in stone he's going to marry her for love now. And it's not like they're simply building up what we didn't see in the books so their marriage seems realistic - the point in the books is that their marriage is completely out of the blue. It doesn't have to be a realistic love story, because there is no love story. They just turn up and are married, but it's believable because the point is that they really didn't love each other (at least before the marriage), and they're not a perfect couple. It would be unrealistic if they fell and love AND got married in the matter of a few days, but that's not the case. It's not like GRRM forgot to develop their relationship or anything. Their imperfect relationship and unlikely marriage stand to make the point that Robb rushed to marry her because, lacking foresight, he thought it would solve all of their problems, but it just created more. But that's a crucial part of who Robb is as a character. He thinks making the honorable decisions will solve all of his problems, and it fucks him over in the end. and to your last comment, I think it's an issue with the medium. you can sort of interpret the books however you want, but when the writers interpret the series a certain way to make the show they're definitively saying "This is who Robb is". It's much more tangible thing, so it's hard to watch a portrayal you don't agree with.ETA: Sorry I went on a bit of a tangent. Hopefully some of it addressed what you said.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 23 May 2012 - 02:14 PM.
1300	_Oberyn_	2012-05-23	Also, someone else mentioned this and so did my husband: Having her be "Talisa" some unknown camp follower from Volantis makes his screwing around with her a lot more believable. He probably thinks he'll just have sex with her and then still go on to 'do his duty' and marry the horrible Frey girl anyways. If in fact she's still going to be revealed as Jeyne Westerling in the next episode or the finale and he feels honor bound to marry her at that point, it still makes sense and flows with the story as written by Martin.So he feels honor bound to marry someone who has told him nothing but lies since the moment they met?
1301	protar	2012-05-23	@Oberyn:
Pretty much. They've really got themselves into a corner here. If Talisa isn't Jeyne there's no reason for Robb to marry her for fear of dishonouring her. If she is Jeyne, then there's no reason for him to ever trust her again.
1302	Bride of Winter	2012-05-23	What I don't understand though is that they went to the Crag (which HBO has made clear is still the seat of house Westerling) and nothing happened? If she was ever going to be revealed as Jeyne, I'd have expected it to be there.
not to mention, how are they going to explain Jeyne Westerling going to her own castle and not being noticed?
1303	Gannicus	2012-05-23	I don't believe the show has ruined Robb's character at all.  The books don't go into much if any detail about Jeyne and Robb's relationship, or even what is going on in Robb's head. A lot of the readers seem to presume to know what Robb's feeling and thinking in the Novel. To me I always envisioned Robb, hormones raging, fell for some beautiful girl in a similar way he has in the show. Do we expect more from him? One thing I do believe we know is young men, even kings and Starks, tend to fall to the vices of flesh. Even though he has fallen for Talisa, I'm sure he still plans to carry out his duty to the Frey girl despite his misgivings.  That is until he gets her pregnant.
I fail to see the major deviation from the novel.
As far as the Talisa/Jeyne thing we still don't know all of the details to her story in the books.  I presume the writers at HBO know more than us and are making these changes for a reason. Considering the time and budget constraints their changes have been good for the most part.
1304	Morrigan	2012-05-23	Count me in as one who was sure that the Crag was mentioned just so we'd know Talisa would be exposed as Jeyne. At this point I have no idea why they even mentioned it. Perhaps to troll book readers?I am now convinced that D+D neither understand or respect the source material.Agreed. Either that, or they do "love and respect the source material", but they got so carried away with their adaptation fanfiction that they are completely losing sight of what the story and characters are supposed to be.people who are mad at the Robb/Talisa storyline aren't necessarily book purists by any means. Honestly, in the show they're pretty much completely negating the point Book Robb stands to make. The Red Wedding's a huge plot point, yes, but it's not the point of Robb's story. his arc isn't "he fucks up and then there's a really awesome massacre" Robb's arc is about how he goes from having everything going for him, to losing his bannermen one by one and driving some to betrayal. The point isn't that he dies, but WHY. Winning every battle and losing the war would have no meaning if his betrayal came out of nowhere. It's how he arrived there that matters. and theres a difference between being consumed by your naive and idealistic vision of honor and not cut out for the game of thrones (book Robb), and being reckless, dumb, and inconsiderate (show Robb) Robb is not just a plot device to bring on the Red Wedding. believe it or not, he's his own character with his own story.Thank you!If you haven't seen it here's a transcription I did of Weiss's comment: "Robb's sense of honor and ideals are built on his father and mother both. He's fighting this war and his mother has just done something terrible in his eyes and makes him wonder why are you following this code to the letter and why are you so committed to loyalty, honor, dignity, duty to the exclusion of all else when nobody else around you really is? Is it a smart thing to do or a stupid thing? His father was that way, what happened to his father? It all becomes too much.... all of the different promises you've made start to conflict with each other and something has to give somewhere. Robb definitely is hyper-aware of what it would mean to break his oath to Walder Frey. What's so great about Talisa is she asks him deep, probing questions forcing him to confront his own idealism in a critical way he finds challenging, makes her much more attractive to him. It's almost a bit of realism seeping into his world, an acknowledgement and recognition that people aren't perfect. Sometimes your own wishes and your own desires and your own happiness do need to play a role in life. I think there was crack in his world view and it lets these questions seep in a little bit."Thanks for this. It's not as bad as I feared with regards to the blaming Cat thing, but it's still a completely stupid interpretation of the events. Robb's commitment to loyalty, honour and duty has never faltered, and there has never been a "crack" in the way they say it. It's actually why he ends up being a victim of the Red Wedding. He screwed up the war because of his Ned-like insistence to uphold honour (in this case, the honour of the maiden he deflowered in a moment of weakness). And as someone else stated, Robb didn't want to be "challenged". Especially not by a random stranger. He's a king. Every time there's a debate, even before he was king in the north, he would say things like this: "[...] What does Lord Stannis have against that, that we should cast it all aside?â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>The right,â<U+0080><U+009D> said Robb stubbornly. Catelyn thought he sounded eerily like his father as he said it.which might have made sense, if robb hadn't been actively pursuing talisa long before this. this is what makes me think they don't know what they're doing. they don't know how to make the characters consistent with their own vision of themI agree with this. We see more evidence in other characters, such as Jaime and Cersei. Cersei goes from soft (oh no, our sins, my Joff's insane, *looks ready to cry*) to vicious (I have your little whore, if Joffrey dies I will torture her to death blah blah blah) in completely inconsistent ways.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 23 May 2012 - 03:23 PM.
1305	_Oberyn_	2012-05-23	As far as the Talisa/Jeyne thing we still don't know all of the details to her story in the books. I presume the writers at HBO know more than us and are making these changes for a reason. Considering the time and budget constraints their changes have been good for the most part.Again there is nothing in the proper version of events that would make it more expensive or longer. No one is asking for Riverrun or to see Robb storm The Crag.
1306	Bride of Winter	2012-05-23	And as someone else stated, Robb didn't want to be "challenged". Especially not by a random stranger. He's a king. Every time there's a debate, even before he was king in the north, he would say things like this:.I completely agree. This is a really important point too, because, while I can see where some aspects of Robb may be questionable because he's not a POV character, I can safely say he would never fall for a girl because she "challenges" him.  Honestly, making Talisa some fiery enigma of a woman who Robb's drawn to because she's the only person who speaks out against him is almost laughable. Above all, Robb needs to make it known that he's the King. He's already scrutinized enough by the rest of the world, especially his father's bannermen. Day after day he's on edge trying to prove that he isn't the green boy everyone says he is. And hell, even Catelyn's been questioning his involvement in the war since book one. Between fact that he's already surrounded by people who criticize him almost constantly, and the fact that - let's face it - he's a bit immature, he would never willingly subject himself to people questioning his ability to rule in his spare time. Forget how unlikely it is that Talisa can get close to the king in the first place - Once she starts making him question himself, he wouldn't give her the time of day, let alone fall in love with her.This is what pisses me off the most - the writers' take on Robb is even worse because it's ridiculously inconsistent. I can't even definitively say what they're turning Robb into because he's all over the place. First they overstate his maturity by giving some of Catelyn's decisions to him, and eliminating the whole boy-king theme which is what makes his arc stand out. Then they age him down 10 years and turn him into a petulant brat sleeping with Jeyne because he doesn't want to honor his pact with the Freys (right after yelling at his mother for freeing Jaime, no less). And then apparently we're back to him being more mature and patient than 99% of Westeros, WILLING to listen to the insults some camp follower has to spew about the way he's running his war, just because he's never heard anyone speak to him like this before? oh please.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 23 May 2012 - 03:57 PM.
1307	johhny-turbo	2012-05-23	and FWIW, I believe D&D could have easily stayed true to the story, without major impact on production. Follow robb to the Crag, have hiim get hurt, have an episode where he meets Jeyne nursing him to health (an epi or two), then have him find out about R&B and be grief stricken then fall into bed with Jeyne. It would have worked fine for tv and stayed true to the story and make the RW as tragic as the book, where now people will be far lessed surprised at Bolton and Freys betrayal. It seems to go back to not having Cat and Robb hear about the death of B&R, which I simply cant understand at this point in the showPerhaps they did the whole "perpetual army camp" thing so that they could give sufficient enough screen time to Roose?
1308	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	yes but they could have had the same interaction with Roose and Robb without the Talisa plot, basically the same scenes
I think the key is why they havent revealed B&R supposed deaths by this  point.  The key to understanding this season may lie in why this has not yeet been revealed, I dont understand it
1309	Sixshells	2012-05-23	It seems to go back to not having Cat and Robb hear about the death of B&R, which I simply cant understand at this point in the showI'm beginning to think it has to do with the fact that that they want to save up Theon's fake death for the last episode, or at the least the episode before that, so as to finish the season with a wham cliffhanger note. Since Ramsay still hasn't taken Winterfell, and Theon has it under a communications blackout, there is no way for Cat and Robb to learn about the death of the children. But since they had to move along their stories, they had to entirely rework their motivations and their dynamics to still keep Robb's marrying someone else and Cat sending Jaime to KL.
1310	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	True, but I dont understand why they had to tie the info of B&R dying to ramseys attack,  I just dont see the logic.  it could have gotten out without impacting ramseys assault on WF
1311	MegasAV	2012-05-23	there is also no honor is deflowering a maiden highborn lady and walking away. His momentary lapse of reason left him with a need to protect Jeyne's honorFunny Robert Baratheon helped create Edric Storm on the same evening that his brother Stannis was getting married, and even then he did not marry I forget what her name is, but further emphasizes the importance of honor when it comes to Starks as opposed to other families.
1312	Currawong	2012-05-23	This is what pisses me off the most - the writers' take on Robb is even worse because it's ridiculously inconsistent. I can't even definitively say what they're turning Robb into because he's all over the place. First they overstate his maturity by giving some of Catelyn's decisions to him, and eliminating the whole boy-king theme which is what makes his arc stand out. Then they age him down 10 years and turn him into a petulant brat sleeping with Jeyne because he doesn't want to honor his pact with the Freys (right after yelling at his mother for freeing Jaime, no less). And then apparently we're back to him being more mature and patient than 99% of Westeros, WILLING to listen to the insults some camp follower has to spew about the way he's running his war, just because he's never heard anyone speak to him like this before? oh please.Hmm - and I dont suppose in Real Life there is ever such a person as an inconsistent teenager?!  Who is ridiculously mature one minute, surprising everyone, and then turns into a complete idiot about something the next?   Oh no, those particular animals only exist in fantasy worlds!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />And that is what Robb Stark IS, when all is said and done - a teenager who was forced into adult situations all too quickly.   Yes, people were expected to grow up more quickly in those days, but even so, youthful lapses were  understood, and generally looked back onwith amusement / embarassment.As we know these days from medical science, boys' brains do NOT mature in many respects until their twenties, which is why we get those tear-your-parental-hair-out reckless years, where boys can be "immortal' and do the most incredibly stupid things, with absolutely no appreciation of the risks.  Or else they 'appreciate' the risks on an intellectual basis, but it never translates into how they act.   Which is why we have such a high rate of young male deaths from car crashes.So whether we have Book Robb having a moment of hormonal passion and then thinking "OMG, I have to do the right thing and marry her", or TV Show Robb gradually developing a relationship with a woman and then having a sudden moment of passion doesn't matter - the behaviour is entirely consistent with what can happen with a young man of Robb's age (book or TV).   The fact that he may have had more time to think it over in the TVshow simply makes his decision all the more tragic in terms of the aftermath.Marrying Talisa/Jeyne is a classic example of someone doing something that is "honourable" but not necessarily "right", and that is the type of dilemma that GRRM consistently poses for us in the books.   Thematically, it is the exact reverse of Jaime the "Kingslayer" - people may agree that he was "right" to kill the mad tyrant Aerys, but they still condemn him for breaking his KG oath and not being "honourable".    In fact, the TV show makes this symmetry even more pronounced, because TV Robb clearly has more time to think about his relationship withTalisa, and more time to make a considered decision, just as Jaime obviously had plenty of time and opportunity to kill Aerys before he did so.I don't find TV Robb to be inconsistent at all.  It is obviously inconsistent with the way some book readers view him as portrayed on TV, but surely the fact that a character can be read in various ways is the mark of a well-written character.   I look at TV Robb as a young man struggling very hard to meet so many enormous adult responsibilities, being brought down by the fact that he IS a young man, who behaves in a way that is entirely natural and consistent with being the age he is on TV, and who is ultimately and tragically brought down by trying to be "honourable".
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 23 May 2012 - 08:20 PM.
1313	teemo	2012-05-23	Hmm - and I dont suppose in Real Life there is ever such a person as an inconsistent teenager?!  Who is ridiculously mature one minute, surprising everyone, and then turns into a complete idiot about something the next?   Oh no, those particular animals only exist in fantasy worlds!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />And that is what Robb Stark IS, when all is said and done - a teenager who was forced into adult situations all too quickly.   Yes, people were expected to grow up more quickly in those days, but even so, youthful lapses were  understood, and generally looked back onwith amusement / embarassment.As we know these days from medical science, boys' brains do NOT mature in many respects until their twenties, which is why we get those tear-your-parental-hair-out reckless years, where boys can be "immortal' and do the most incredibly stupid things, with absolutely no appreciation of the risks.  Or else they 'appreciate' the risks on an intellectual basis, but it never translates into how they act.   Which is why we have such a high rate of young male deaths from car crashes.So whether we have Book Robb having a moment of hormonal passion and then thinking "OMG, I have to do the right thing and marry her", or TV Show Robb gradually developing a relationship with a woman and then having a sudden moment of passion doesn't matter - the behaviour is entirely consistent with what can happen with a young man of Robb's age (book or TV).   The fact that he may have had more time to think it over in the TVshow simply makes his decision all the more tragic in terms of the aftermath.Marrying Talisa/Jeyne is a classic example of someone doing something that is "honourable" but not necessarily "right", and that is the type of dilemma that GRRM consistently poses for us in the books.   Thematically, it is the exact reverse of Jaime the "Kingslayer" - people may agree that he was "right" to kill the mad tyrant Aerys, but they still condemn him for breaking his KG oath and not being "honourable".	In fact, the TV show makes this symmetry even more pronounced, because TV Robb clearly has more time to think about his relationship withTalisa, and more time to make a considered decision, just as aime obviously had plenty of time and opportunity to kill Aerys before he did so.I don't find TV Robb to be inconsistent at all.  It is obviously inconsistent with the way some book readers view him as portrayed on TV, but surely the fact that a character can be read in various ways is the mark of a well-written character.   I look at TV Robb as a young man struggling very hard to meet so many enormous adult responsibilities, being brought down by the fact that he IS a young man, who behaves in a way that is entirely natural and consistent with being the age he is on TV, and who is ultimately and tragically brought down by trying to be "honourable".I don't think Robb is a teenage boy in the show.  If Joffrey is 17, how could anyone possible believe that Robb is around his age?  And it is inconsistent from the books.  In the books, Robb was grievously injured and being tended to by a beautiful woman.  When he returned to her, he was back to business and could barely focus on Jeyne due to being overwhelmed by the war.  In the tv show, the main focus is Jeyne/Talisa and the afterthought is the war.  He is acting like an ass while perfectly healthy and surrounded by all of his men, and his men (even Karstark) seem to be noticing his distraction by Talisa and are infuriated it.  I have a hard time believing that book Robb in TV Robb's situation would be going on strolls with some chick and spending so much time with her in all of this chaos.  It's one thing if he just spotted a hot girl and got it on, but he appears to be "falling in love" or whatever and breaking his marriage pact while surrounded by all of these people.  It doesn't make any sense.  Also, book Robb was most likely a virgin and so was she, so that changes things.  No one will believe that they are virgins in the show or 15 year olds.  As grown adult nobles in Westeros, they should have a better understanding of the importance of honoring pacts and being a little bit more "mature" and logical about the situation.  There are plenty of ways to make a grown man break his pact, but this story just feels contrived to me and totally out of character of Robb.  I bought it more in the books because Robb was a lot younger and injured. He was not in his normal state of mind.  They need to adjust for a more adult Robb, because even though I think it's unintentional of the writers, they are making him look like an asshole to viewers (*especially* to readers, because we have a better understanding of what is happening), not a lost fool in love.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 25 May 2012 - 09:12 AM.
1314	Jolene Brown	2012-05-23	I think aside from all the other issues people have brought up with how Talisa/Jeyne is written, developing romance vs. tragic mistake, even the absence of the catalyst of Bran/Rickon's death; ultimately, the story just isn't as cool if she's not the daughter of a Lannister bannerman.  I do still have a smidgen of hope that we will find out she is Jeyne W. after all, but I'm losing faith, and for me, that was too important a part of the story to lose.  It meant no one was ever quite sure, or is yet sure, the degree to which Tywin manipulated the situation - did he take advantage of it, or actually help set it up?  It just gave the situation an extra level of misguidedness. 
I think the TV show is trying to make his actions more understandable/justifiable, given those quotes from the Behind the Episode, but what I loved about the storyline is that his actions when it came to jeyne were a mistake and clearly presented as such.  Jaime says that he won the war on the battlefield and lost it in the bedroom.  Robb knows he screwed up, we see it in that quote about "why would anyone ever want to be a king?"  I like that.  He made a mistake, a very human one, but that doesn't mean the response by the Freys wasn't despicable.  The price he paid was too high and very unfair.  I feel the story on the TV show is losing these layers of complexity and it's a bummer, because I loved them in the book.
1315	Warrick	2012-05-23	I think aside from all the other issues people have brought up with how Talisa/Jeyne is written, developing romance vs. tragic mistake, even the absence of the catalyst of Bran/Rickon's death; ultimately, the story just isn't as cool if she's not the daughter of a Lannister bannerman.  I do still have a smidgen of hope that we will find out she is Jeyne W. after all, but I'm losing faith, and for me, that was too important a part of the story to lose.  It meant no one was ever quite sure, or is yet sure, the degree to which Tywin manipulated the situation - did he take advantage of it, or actually help set it up?  It just gave the situation an extra level of misguidedness.I think the TV show is trying to make his actions more understandable/justifiable, given those quotes from the Behind the Episode, but what I loved about the storyline is that his actions when it came to jeyne were a mistake and clearly presented as such.  Jaime says that he won the war on the battlefield and lost it in the bedroom.  Robb knows he screwed up, we see it in that quote about "why would anyone ever want to be a king?"  I like that.  He made a mistake, a very human one, but that doesn't mean the response by the Freys wasn't despicable.  The price he paid was too high and very unfair.  I feel the story on the TV show is losing these layers of complexity and it's a bummer, because I loved them in the book.I've posted this before, but in an interview Oona Chaplin hints that her character "Talisa" actually isn't who she says she is. There will be a twist in this plot, i'm sure of it.
1316	Jolene Brown	2012-05-23	I've posted this before, but in an interview Oona Chaplin hints that her character "Talisa" actually isn't who she says she is. There will be a twist in this plot, i'm sure of it.I really hope you're right.  Even if there wasn't going to be, I think it is not too late to add one in now, since presumably they are still working on scripts for season 3.
1317	Currawong	2012-05-23	I don't believe the show has ruined Robb's character at all.  The books don't go into much if any detail about Jeyne and Robb's relationship, or even what is going on in Robb's head. A lot of the readers seem to presume to know what Robb's feeling and thinking in the Novel. To me I always envisioned Robb, hormones raging, fell for some beautiful girl in a similar way he has in the show. Do we expect more from him? One thing I do believe we know is young men, even kings and Starks, tend to fall to the vices of flesh. Even though he has fallen for Talisa, I'm sure he still plans to carry out his duty to the Frey girl despite his misgivings.  That is until he gets her pregnant.I fail to see the major deviation from the novel.Thank you, thank you!  I meant to quote you in my last post  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />	 So many people condemning the way TV Robb is portrayed can only presume to know what Book Robb was thinking, because we never get his POV at all.  So why is THEIR interpretation of Robb's character and what he supposedly thought or considered in the book, any more valid that the version of Robb shown by the TV writers?It's not that we don't get a 'complex' Robb on TV.  Rather, the writers have chosen to portray aspects of his character and kingship that are only hinted at or briefly referred to in the books, such as his care for his men, the issues of managing a large army and deal with so many bannermen.   We do see a complex young man, but it seems that many book purists are so determined that 'their Robb' is the only right one, because they know what he was thinking and feeling, that they don't actually appreciate what is being shown to them.
1318	_Oberyn_	2012-05-23	I've posted this before, but in an interview Oona Chaplin hints that her character "Talisa" actually isn't who she says she is. There will be a twist in this plot, i'm sure of it.Maybe, but depending on when this twist develops the result can either be drastically different from the book or an incredibly stupid fall into line. Given the state of the current cockup different from books might be best this time.
1319	madman2711	2012-05-24	i only think that the spying Tullisa 007 that really falls for Robb would be a major jawdrop for all of us as the book only hinted that some of her family might have ploted with Tywin
yet it wold be a cheap cliche done and overdone in many TV series/movies
i understood that in the TV series he will break his betrothal as a rebellious  act in the aftermath of his mother apparent betrayal not as a honor gesture towards his first (and only) maid  
so his act is not from honor as much as from pure selfishness or as D&D might call it pure love
so this isnt a nedd-esque choice but a self absorbed bratt trying to get back as his mother (and late father) hypocrisy or honour dilemma
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 24 May 2012 - 08:35 AM.
1320	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-24	Funny Robert Baratheon helped create Edric Storm on the same evening that his brother Stannis was getting married, and even then he did not marry I forget what her name is, but further emphasizes the importance of honor when it comes to Starks as opposed to other families.Wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it Selyseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sister?  That makes Edric and Shireen double first cousins.
1321	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-24	Having sex with person X while engaged to person Y is not the same as no longer going to marry person Y.  Ask Loras.
1322	The Second Hand	2012-05-24	Isn't it obvious to everyone here that Roose reveals to Robb that Talisa is not actually who she says she is? Thus bring Catelyn back into the fold? Thus throwing a supposed wrench in Robb's plans with Talisa? Thus creating doubt but only making their trivial love even stronger? Yeah, it's going to be that cliche. I mean, c'mon, we can see it from a mile away. Look at the left while we bash you with the right.
1323	madman2711	2012-05-24	Having sex with person X while engaged to person Y is not the same as no longer going to marry person Y. Ask Loras.having sex with both X and Y at the same time like Loras Renly and Margery would have been epic
1324	Patchface12	2012-05-24	Maybe learning of Bran and Rickon's "death" will be what pushes him to marry Talissa. He feels like he needs an heir asap.
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 24 May 2012 - 10:18 AM.
1325	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Sex-4,818,945-Barristan Selmy
Honor- Barristan Selmy-4,818,945.
Sex is so almost undefeated.
1326	Archmaester Marwin	2012-05-24	In most of the Robb/Talisa scenes I just tune them out and focus on the awesomeness of Roose BoltonAgreed. For me, that one look Roose Bolton gives Rob when Talissa comes to visit him, just before he walks away and throws his cloak over his shoulder has completely redeemed the whole Rob/Talissa storyline, which I consider to be quite cringeworthy and weak. The Roose Bolton actor is really good.
1327	Strider	2012-05-24	HBO-Robb is, IMHO, so much more interesting than Book-Robb.  This is not surprising.  We are not given Rob POVs in the books.  As a result see him as a younger version of Ned who blunderously marries Jeyne after a single night of sex, all in the name of honor.  At no point does passion, love, or desire enter into this.  Robb sacrifices one point of honor (i.e., his commitment to the Freys) for another point of honor (i.e., sleeping with poor Jeyne).  Am I the only reader who found this scenario implausible, unconvincing, and boring?   No wonder it happens off-stage when Robb is away from his mother.  Kat would have put a stop to it right away.  Book-Rob would never have stood against her on a minor point of honor like this.  
I find it much more human and realistic to think of Robb allowing himself to forget his duty and fall in love with Talisa.  If Robb is going to put the entire war at risk, he at least ought to do it for a very human need and madness with which we can all sympathize.  Up to this point Robb's has had to submit to history.  It's all been pre-determined, including and most especially the betrothal to the Frey daughter.  Robb has embraced his destiny as King of the North and has become a man of power.  But what of his own needs and desires?  
Once the screen writers decided to develop Robb's character, which was the right decision and which will give the Red Wedding even greater emotional impact on the viewers, they then had to judge whether retaining Martin's characterization of Robb would maintain viewer interest.   I believe they made a good decision to alter Robb's character and bring more drama, life, and strength into his life.  HBO-Robb will marry Talisa, despite the objections of his mother and bannermen.  It may be a terrible blunder ... but it's a classic and human blunder.
1328	rmanoj	2012-05-24	Easier to understand, perhaps, but I feel it changes him from a hero king who loses everything due to a fatal moment of weakness in an extreme situation to someone who never had the strength of character to be a king in the first place. Maybe that's more typical, and closer to the typical person, but that doesn't mean the other scenario is implausible or inhuman.
1329	Noelle Snow	2012-05-24	Funny Robert Baratheon helped create Edric Storm on the same evening that his brother Stannis was getting married, and even then he did not marry I forget what her name is, but further emphasizes the importance of honor when it comes to Starks as opposed to other families.That would probably have been hard for Robert to do since he was most likely already married to Cersei by then.
1330	rmanoj	2012-05-24	That would probably have been hard for Robert to do since he was most likely already married to Cersei by then.If the Targaryens could do it...Maybe that's what Robb should have done. Jeyne AND a Frey.
1331	Strider	2012-05-24	Easier to understand, perhaps, but I feel it changes him from a hero king who loses everything due to a fatal moment of weakness in an extreme situation to someone who never had the strength of character to be a king in the first place. Maybe that's more typical, and closer to the typical person, but that doesn't mean the other scenario is implausible or inhuman.Yes, it does change him.  It makes him real.  It makes him human.  There are no hero kings.  There is nothing plausible about a boy-king who sacrifices everything on a minor point of honor, a mistake he would never have made if his Mom had been around.  This is not tragedy.  This is not drama.  It's silliness (and a real flaw in Martin's story-telling).  But there is nothing more human and real and tragic than a king, or prince, who risks everything because of love.    The HBO writers have improved Rob.  They have made him interesting.  They have made his story interesting.  And if Talisa turns out to be an agent of Tywin Lannister ... oh how much more tragic and poignant will be the Red Wedding!
1332	_Oberyn_	2012-05-24	Yes because a bonner always trumps honor /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
1333	madman2711	2012-05-25	Yes, it does change him.  It makes him real.  It makes him human.  There are no hero kings.  There is nothing plausible about a boy-king who sacrifices everything on a minor point of honor, a mistake he would never have made if his Mom had been around.  This is not tragedy.  This is not drama.  It's silliness (and a real flaw in Martin's story-telling).  But there is nothing more human and real and tragic than a king, or prince, who risks everything because of love.	The HBO writers have improved Rob.  They have made him interesting.  They have made his story interesting.  And if Talisa turns out to be an agent of Tywin Lannister ... oh how much more tragic and poignant will be the Red Wedding!actually he lives in a world where love is on the second level when it comes to marriage all of the marriages in he books are planned/arranged ones no one of the nobles marries for love Cat/Nedd marriage is even weirder as she was going to marry Brandon not Ned and she is quite unimmpressed by Ned at first as he was a shy geek but he boned her on their weeding night so they got Robb and that sealed the Riverrun Eyrie Winterfell alliance (of course JA and Lysa also) against the iron throneCersei / Robert nothing to add here as it is the crapiest marraige ever she does her brother and has his childs not her husbands and Robert is making the 8 with the whole westeros feminine population trying to beat Walder Frey bastards records, not to mention she kills him by boar proxy (probably she did the boar for that)Lysa / Jon Aryn nothing to add crappy arranged marriageMargerry / Renly Baratheon - slut / gay marriageMargerry/ Jeoff - slut/dead man marriageKhal Drogo / Danny - Beauty and the beast Essos versionRobb / Jayne (tulissa) - love marriage - everybody in westeros goes double face palmreal flaw off GRRM that D&D repaired?WTF did i just read?
							Edited by madman2711, 25 May 2012 - 01:50 AM.
1334	Morrigan	2012-05-25	Margy's a slut? Whatever for?
1335	madman2711	2012-05-25	maybe i exagerated a bit as she married two kings and both are dead 
she may not be a cersei kind of slut as we dont know who she has done in the past as she is not a maidden anymore but she might be the black widow 
run Tommen run away
1336	Rapsie	2012-05-25	Robb / Jayne (tulissa) - love marriage - everybody in westeros goes double face palmSome of the nobles do marry for love: Doran and his wife, Tywin and Joanna, some of the Targaryans in the past etc. However all those marriages (apart from Jenny of Oldstones and Prince Duncan the Small) were with other suitable noble partners, I think. Prince Duncan marries a commoner and is struck off the line of sucsession for it. There are consequences to marrying for love to an inappropriate person in these books.He was a King, who had already made a marriage pact and had more responsibilities than the average Lord (he was the one who called the Banners in the first place) because he had a duty to his bannermen as much as they had an oath of loyalty to them. To mess it up because of dishonouring a noble girl (with the full weight of her family right there to call him out on his actions) is one thing, but to marry a random girl for love, is suicidally stupid. Honour men can understand, selfish stupidity not so much.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 25 May 2012 - 02:49 AM.
1337	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	Yes, it does change him. It makes him real. It makes him human. There are no hero kings. There is nothing plausible about a boy-king who sacrifices everything on a minor point of honor, a mistake he would never have made if his Mom had been around. This is not tragedy. This is not drama. It's silliness (and a real flaw in Martin's story-telling). But there is nothing more human and real and tragic than a king, or prince, who risks everything because of love. The HBO writers have improved Rob. They have made him interesting. They have made his story interesting. And if Talisa turns out to be an agent of Tywin Lannister ... oh how much more tragic and poignant will be the Red Wedding!Risking all for love may be a good story and used by hollywood over and over but it is anything but real which is what the series is about. Look into medieval history there is not one instance of a king or prince risking everything for love. If you look in Westeros you don't find any either. Doran and Tywin may have loved who they married but even if they did chose them there is no evidence they risked anything, let alone their lives and power for their marriage.Humans have complex emotions that conflict and effect us in various ways. Robb was in a place of great confusion, grief, loneliness at the top, fear, physical pain through injury, lust, anger and remorse. He wants to behave as his father would whilst learning from his mistakes. These emotions colour his actions and to simplify all this to him acting on love is tragically selling the character short, the story short and making the story completely unrealistic.
1338	LordMarani	2012-05-25	<p>For the show runners to have such utter misconceptions about key characters is truly off-putting.Robb would have never done what he did if not for grief over his brothers deaths.Catelyn would have never done what she did if not for grief over her sons deaths.The only explanation I can come up with is that Talisa is in fact, sent by Tywin, and they didn't want it to look like dumb luck for Tywin that Talisa was just around when Robb was grieving - they wanted Talisa to actively seduce Robb so he breaks his promise to the Freys as a prelude to the RW.I don't like this notion at all, and even more so if Talisa is really the person she pretends to be, and they make a cheap love story out of it. A grieving boy being "comforted" by an agent of Tywin and feeling honor-bound to marry her is a lot more dramatic (and fitting for Game of Thrones) than another Hollywood love story - especially when the reason for Robbs/Cats grief already happened on the show.Making little changes for the sake of keeping the show interesting for readers is fine with me, but if those huge character changes continue, I'll seriously consider dropping the show. They piss off readers with such changes, and they confuse non-readers with a completely broken pacing - so many scenes around Tywin and Arya when the Harrenhal plot dissolves into a big pile of nothing, while the plot continues in a few scenes in between.
1339	The Monkey	2012-05-25	maybe i exagerated a bit as she married two kings and both are dead she may not be a cersei kind of slut as we dont know who she has done in the past as she is not a maidden anymore but she might be the black widow run Tommen run awayShe only killed one king, and would you have wanted to marry Joff? If Margaery is a slut, so is every character in Westros.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 25 May 2012 - 07:28 AM.
1340	madman2711	2012-05-25	Tywinn did not married from love just as Cat and Ned, Danny and Drogo they started love after the marriage
i know Tywin is a hypocrit as he will do Shae but i think the Tyrion first marriage is an example of how Tywin regards love over rank weddings and what happened to Tysha
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 25 May 2012 - 07:29 AM.
1341	The Greenseer	2012-05-25	While your gripes are well founded, and I agree with much of your discontent, those details  don't change the overall events to the viewer: Robb broke his vows, Cat released Jaimie to try and free her remaining children.
  I've found that the only way to enjoy the show is to let it be a bit of it's own thing. As long as they don't change major events, I can still enjoy it.
  That said I do agree that the GRMM story line in all cases has been better story telling. However, if the show needs to hollywood-ize or simplify to satisfy the TV audience, I'll accept it rather than see the show run for 3 seasons only because viewers are lost or bored.
1342	madman2711	2012-05-25	probably some season 3 event involving the Freys Boltons and Starks might get an early cancellation of the show after milions of tv sets around the world (even LCD /LED ones) will be destroyed by furious Unsullied
1343	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-25	I find it much more human and realistic to think of Robb allowing himself to forget his duty and fall in love with Talisa. If Robb is going to put the entire war at risk, he at least ought to do it for a very human need and madness with which we can all sympathize.No. The whole point is that Robb ought not to do it for basic human lust because of the responsibilities placed upon him because of his title and his lineage. Also, the book version of events gives us a far greater reason to sympathise with Robb. Namely that his brothers had been killed by a man he believed was one of his closest friends. We also I imagine sympathise and respect his decision not to leave Jeyne deflowered and in a position of being a woman who slept with the enemy.Whereas HBO Robb has been set up for the audience to empathise with (as I'm sure that in all our lives we have been in a position where urges have perhaps been the more attractive but less honourable option), creating a somewhat subtle but at the same time substantial difference. The point is, we are not meant to empathise with Robb for the most part. Robb is the newly appointed 17 year old king of a fractured feudal society, a society which places huge importance upon family, history and for lack of a better word "purity". We cannot empathise with Robb IMO.As such, the decision is stylistic. I may be overanalysing this, but IMO the audience is treated with better respect when we are left to sympathise with Robb as opposed to empathise. It weakens Robb's character.
1344	teemo	2012-05-25	Some people don't think this was a major book change; that it didn't really change the "overall plot..." well, what is the overall plot, anyway?  It's a bunch of plots all weaved together, revolving around who rules Westeros and the Others.  I think changing Robb Stark's behavior to this much of a degree and in part changing Jeyne so much can definitely be considered a major deviation from the book, and not for the better.  Robb isn't a poor 15 year old that is injured and being taken care of by a lovely young maiden who he deflowered and decides to do what's in his opinion, the "honorable thing."  TV Robb is just a healthy grown man wandering around camp with this random girl that's infuriating everyone because he's spending all of his time with her and the war is now an afterthought.  I would say that's a *major* book deviation.  And he DIES next season, so there really is no wiggle room here for redemption or change or anything.  He is stuck with this annoying girl in a cliche,  cheesy, uncharacteristic storyline pretty much up until his death now.  Another entire season of Talisa/Robb....awesome!  It's really annoying when this was seriously one of the biggest things I was looking forward to this season, and it's turned into a nightmare.
1345	Reposado	2012-05-25	It's really annoying when this was seriously one of the biggest things I was looking forward to this season, and it's turned into a nightmare.me too. the argument that the deviation doesn't matter because it get's us to the same place holds no water. because it doesn't matter how big of a deviation it is, it matters how good it is. i don't care if people can come up with logic to attribute to show/robb. what we have seen hasn't been interesting to watch(and partially because of the cliffnotes version of events that has permeated season 2, a deeper understanding of his attraction might have made this plotline work). and for the purposes of the show, that's a much bigger problem
1346	RSasoiaf	2012-05-25	There are so many inconsistencies with both characters that i do not understand those who try to say this is better story telling compared to the books. 
One thing is to say that it still looks good and it still is good tv. No one will go against that I think. The show is still quite enjoyable. But please.....it kills me to see some people who say things like "this is better" or that GRRM was the one who made the mistake.
People....look at Robb from the show:
- Look at how he reacts to Theon when they are discussing if the north should go to war: does that look like someone who will take it well to be questioned? nope!
- Look at Robb when the great John questions his decisions: does that look like someone who will tolerate any complains or alternative plans? nope!
- Look at Robb when his mother tries to tell him she wants to go home and Theon should not be sent to the Iron islands. Does Robb seems to enjoy this? Does he take any advice from his mother? nope!
Now please tell us why the hell would someone like this enjoy a girl questioning him in an open field and close to some of his soldiers / lords??? 
And now we have the girl:
- First she is introduced as a nurse that roams around the batlefield and has some sort of issue against war and against Robb invading the Westerlands.....if she is foreign, what does she care about the westerlands? And if she is a foreign nurse, why does she take one side of the conflict over the other? Or are we to believe that she did the same complaints to Tywin or to Gregor Clegane? now that would have been fun!!!
- Next episode she is writting some letters all alone in RobbÂ´s camp. Why is she staying with RobbÂ´s army? On the previous episode it looked like she had just left and she did not want to work for the north so why is she with them now? Did they arrest her or keep her there against her will??? Did she decide to change sides in the meanwhile? Why? She did not seem like she wanted to change sides the first time we did meet her. And by the way, she is now quite a bit less sassy in general. And again, what is she doing all alone with the northern army? Who protects her? Who keeps her safe, gives her food and stops her from being rapped? Is it Robb? Why would he????
- Then we go another episode and now she has a position in which she can ask Robb for supplies??????? Is she now the main nurse and responsible for that kind of stuff????? Since when???? How did she get that kind of position? Is she such a good nurse that Robb decided to take her and make her like the armyÂ´s "maester"? Dont they have the silent sisters who should really be doing that kind of work? Can anyone explain why a military leader would pick a foreigner who clearly said she was playing for the other side and take this lady to lead your medical services for your army???? Why does she even trust her asking for provisions???? That could be really dangerous if she ends up being a turncoat and how does he know she isnt? Ahhh.....and it is still weird how she can be all alone and safe toying around a foreign army.....yeahhhh.
- And finally we have kind of confirmation that the girl seems to be really a foreigner and she is all sweet and bla bla bla she loves her brother and bla bla bla......well.....what is she doing so far away from her brother then??? And I dont buy it that she cant live on a slaver city...well, cant she complain about that to her brother and family thus trying to solve the slave problem there? How is she doing anything good for the slaves by running away to take care of SOLDIERS????? You would expect someone like her would be more like a village nurse and not a field army nurse......or she should be a slave nurse back home taking care of the slaves and doing her best to help them live better.
And now, just try and place this noble girl going all out on a foreign king which she gets to know is already engaged.....she even gets to know that the engagement is quite important. Besides, she is supposed to be against the very thing he represents which is a leader who is going to war over something she does not understand...or at least that was her mindset 3 episodes ago...i guess it doesnt matter anymore. You see....the only way for all of this to fit together is if she is just another spoiled brat that just does whatever she feels like on the spot without that much inner tought about it.
1347	madman2711	2012-05-25	Not to mention that the king bannermen call her very gently as the "foreign bitch"
The thing we dont understand is the fact that DD are "improving" the story and modernising it with this fiesty florence bonesaw 
Exactly what GRRM dislikes about fantasies
1348	Strider	2012-05-25	me too. the argument that the deviation doesn't matter because it get's us to the same place holds no water. because it doesn't matter how big of a deviation it is, it matters how good it is. i don't care if people can come up with logic to attribute to show/robb. what we have seen hasn't been interesting to watch(and partially because of the cliffnotes version of events that has permeated season 2, a deeper understanding of his attraction might have made this plotline work). and for the purposes of the show, that's a much bigger problemI agree that what matters is not whether the show has deviated from the book but whether the show, viewed and appreciated on its own terms, is interesting and enjoyable.  And here, I strongly believe, HBO-Robb possesses greater depth than Book-Robb.  The simple fact is, we really don't know much about Book-Robb.  He does not have a single POV.  We see him principally through the eyes of his mother.  Through those eyes we see him as a younger version of Ned--and it is precisely for that reason we readers are so fond of him.  We want Ned to live on in his son, just as Catelyn does.  But then the boy makes a mistake.  At a time of emotional vulnerability (he is injured and has just heard the news of the fall of Winterfell and the murders of his brothers) he has sex with girl Jeyne.  Does he seduce her?  Is he seduced by her?  Was he a virgin?  Was she a virgin?  We don't know.  And the very next day he marries her in the name of honor, even though this means breaking his promise to the Freys and putting his army and cause at great risk.  When he explains all of this to his mother, he invokes love ("I know what it is to love so greatly you can think of nothing else"), but it rings hollow.  He says the words to disarm Catelyn's anger and rebuke (recall, he has just "forgiven" his mother for releasing the Kingslayer).  But we do not for a moment believe that this is a great love or even a great infatuation.   "It was the only honorable thing to do," he explains. "She's gentle and sweet, mother, she will make me a good wife."   And that's that.  After then it's just damage control.  There's no drama here, no great struggle and inner conflict.  Okay, this works in the book.  It works because Robb is a minor character.  His story for the most part happens off-stage.  We are excluded from his interior life.  It doesn't matter why he made a "botch of everything."  All that matters is that his boyish mistake sets up the Red Wedding.  But the HBO writers rightly realized that if the Red Wedding was to have its proper impact on TV viewers, they needed to make him into a more fully rounded and believable character.  And so they made him a few years older and gave him his own internal struggles and vulnerabilities.  In other words, they made him into a man.   He is a man who is truly coming into his own.  He is coming into his power, as evidenced not only by his military victories and the respect given to him by his bannerman but by his willingness to angrily confront his mother after her release of Jaime and put her under house arrest.  Wasn't that so much more dramatically satisfying than the way it plays out in the book?   It will be interesting to see what will happen with Robb and Talisa in the episodes to come.  Why does he marry Talisa (as I assume that he will)?  For honor or love?  Don't just dismiss this as lust.  Clearly it's more than that for Robb.  And if Talisa is an agent for the Lannisters, as some are speculating, consider the power of this betrayal.    I will almost be disappointed if Talisa does not turn out to be Tywin's spy.
1349	madman2711	2012-05-25	If tullisa is a 007 that really falls for her victim im out of here
All strider said wold work in a chick flick adventure movie as i can see mr and mrs jones screenplay in it
But not with me as its just so cheesy and modern age cliche in westeros there isnt a moderen day equality in rights, a noble isnt equal with a lowbirth and as GRRM keeps mentioning in the books lowbirhs are almost invisible in the nobles eyes they dont exist they just serve or bother them
A nobody girl challenging a king and not being raped, beaten then kept as a soldiers wench 
In your dreams D&D a king will marry a nobody from volantis for love
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 25 May 2012 - 05:23 PM.
1350	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	I agree that what matters is not whether the show has deviated from the book but whether the show, viewed and appreciated on its own terms, is interesting and enjoyable. And here, I strongly believe, HBO-Robb possesses greater depth than Book-Robb. The simple fact is, we really don't know much about Book-Robb. He does not have a single POV. We see him principally through the eyes of his mother. Through those eyes we see him as a younger version of Ned--and it is precisely for that reason we readers are so fond of him. We want Ned to live on in his son, just as Catelyn does. But then the boy makes a mistake. At a time of emotional vulnerability (he is injured and has just heard the news of the fall of Winterfell and the murders of his brothers) he has sex with girl Jeyne. Does he seduce her? Is he seduced by her? Was he a virgin? Was she a virgin? We don't know. And the very next day he marries her in the name of honor, even though this means breaking his promise to the Freys and putting his army and cause at great risk. When he explains all of this to his mother, he invokes love ("I know what it is to love so greatly you can think of nothing else"), but it rings hollow. He says the words to disarm Catelyn's anger and rebuke (recall, he has just "forgiven" his mother for releasing the Kingslayer). But we do not for a moment believe that this is a great love or even a great infatuation. "It was the only honorable thing to do," he explains. "She's gentle and sweet, mother, she will make me a good wife." And that's that. After then it's just damage control. There's no drama here, no great struggle and inner conflict. Okay, this works in the book. It works because Robb is a minor character. His story for the most part happens off-stage. We are excluded from his interior life. It doesn't matter why he made a "botch of everything." All that matters is that his boyish mistake sets up the Red Wedding. But the HBO writers rightly realized that if the Red Wedding was to have its proper impact on TV viewers, they needed to make him into a more fully rounded and believable character. And so they made him a few years older and gave him his own internal struggles and vulnerabilities. In other words, they made him into a man. He is a man who is truly coming into his own. He is coming into his power, as evidenced not only by his military victories and the respect given to him by his bannerman but by his willingness to angrily confront his mother after her release of Jaime and put her under house arrest. Wasn't that so much more dramatically satisfying than the way it plays out in the book? It will be interesting to see what will happen with Robb and Talisa in the episodes to come. Why does he marry Talisa (as I assume that he will)? For honor or love? Don't just dismiss this as lust. Clearly it's more than that for Robb. And if Talisa is an agent for the Lannisters, as some are speculating, consider the power of this betrayal. I will almost be disappointed if Talisa does not turn out to be Tywin's spy.No it was not dramatically satisfying at all.  Because it is soooooo cliche. A boy king doubting his authority and then showing it!  nothing could be more cliched in that situatin.  And it does not fit in at all with the medieval society that is GRRMs world.
1351	_Oberyn_	2012-05-25	/sizeMan you must be smoking some good shit to be able read so much into a mediocre and cheesy story /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1352	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-25	I really don't think the TV version is all that bad. In fact, for the media, it seems to be better at explaining what the ramifications of him not marrying a Frey may be. He essentially was marrying a Frey for a bridge that he didn't think was worth the marriage. It simplifies Rob's betrayal of the Freys and so far Talissa is a much more interesting character than Jayne ever was.
One thing that makes me suspicious that Talissa may actually be Jayne Westerling though, is how Lord Bolton and her exchanged glances, almost as if her seduction of Rob were a conspiracy.
She could be playing the ruse as a Volatian noble, when she is actually half Volantian and half Westerling, as in the books.
She might not "think her father is the greatest man on earth", because as a Lannister bannerman he put her up to the task of seducing Rob Stark.
1353	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-26	People keep calling this change cheesy and cliche. Remind me again how it is more cheesy and cliche than what Rob did in the books?
Basically, he's still into the idea marrying for love/lust and calling it honorable to do so. He isn't not marrying a Frey because he doesn't want to marry a Frey, we know that much. Whoever she Talissa really is, she is of noble blood, whether Westerland or Volantian,
Both plots are cheesy love stories. People are just raging on this because they don't like change. I sort of like small differences that result in basic overall same outcomes. 
This, like the changes in Quarth, I find make the show more interesting than boring parts of the book.
The only thing that will upset me is no Red Wedding or House of undying scene.
1354	RSasoiaf	2012-05-26	People keep calling this change cheesy and cliche. Remind me again how it is more cheesy and cliche than what Rob did in the books?Basically, he's still into the idea marrying for love/lust and calling it honorable to do so. He isn't not marrying a Frey because he doesn't want to marry a Frey, we know that much. Whoever she Talissa really is, she is of noble blood, whether Westerland or Volantian,Both plots are cheesy love stories. People are just raging on this because they don't like change. I sort of like small differences that result in basic overall same outcomes.This, like the changes in Quarth, I find make the show more interesting than boring parts of the book.The only thing that will upset me is no Red Wedding or House of undying scene.I will remind you again:- the book story was possible, maybe not that easy to happen but it was possible.- the show story is impossible unless something is really messed up with the whole world. So, the book story is maybe a bit cheesy. The show story is 100% cheesy simply because it depicts things that are not at even plausible in the world.Again:In the book Robb was weak, is was being taken care at the Cragg and by a sweet and shy girl. You probably know nothing about being in pain and having a really nice nurse taking care of you. But you probably know that the nurse thing is still a big big fantasy even in this day and age and i could take the time to further explain why. Make it simple, there is a lot of sexual charge when you are helpless and being taken care off by someone young and nice looking. It is believable! Then things happen and Robb kind of really feels sorry for Jeyne do to her being so sweet and shy. She is totally screwed if he doesnt marry her and do to her personality, Robb really feels pitty....it fits!!! You will pitty someone who is really sweet and shy, itÂ´s also almost unavoidable. You will feel moved and want to help someone like that.Now in the show, we have a girl that should not be there in the first place, that should not be allowed to be with Robb, that should not be able to go around free and happy in an army camp in that day and age (remember she was an enemy nurse and she doesnt bellong to the official red cross (silent sisters). So...she is 100% impossible. She could not be there, she would not be allowed to be there and she would not remain there if she had the choice.
1355	Ran	2012-05-26	The book story isn't cheesy at all, because we don't ever see it. Everything from Robb first meeting Jeyne to sleeping with her to marrying her to bringing her out of the Crag is off camera. How can it be cheesy? How can it be corny? It's not actually there to be anything.It's all presented to us as fait accompli in Catelyn's second chapter. That's it really. There's no sugary, sappy romance, no meet-cute, no nothing -- it's not there for us to see. What's important to the narrative is not the meet-cute, it's the aftermath of what they do, and that's what the narrative focuses on. As I believe was the correct course.
1356	RSasoiaf	2012-05-26	The book story isn't cheesy at all, because we don't ever see it. Everything from Robb first meeting Jeyne to sleeping with her to marrying her to bringing her out of the Crag is off camera. How can it be cheesy? How can it be corny? It's not actually there to be anything.It's all presented to us as fait accompli in Catelyn's second chapter. That's it really. There's no sugary, sappy romance, no meet-cute, no nothing -- it's not there for us to see. What's important to the narrative is not the meet-cute, it's the aftermath of what they do, and that's what the narrative focuses on. As I believe was the correct course.I will argue about that /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />There are pages and pages of theories about the "promiss me Nedd" and this should be a really nice example that you can still create and tell a lot "under the table". We are told about Robb that he was wounded, that Jeyne took care of him. Robb is the one who tellÂ´s that Jeyne is sweet and shy and will make for a good wife. So there is something there.I think that people often just dismiss what is in the book because they were mad at it and did not want to see it like that. But something did happen in the books. There is something there /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Like it or not!Late Edit:People, lets face it:- Jeyne was more or less welcomed even by Cat who should be the most critic about her- Robb seems to be quite active in trying to make an heir with Jeyne and they complain they cant spend much time together due to the war.....not even Nedd seems to have had complains about that in the past and he was allways a lot further away from Cat. There is a difference! Robb and Jeyne seem to really want to be together.- There are Westerlings that seem to be really loyal to Robb and that can be seen as a sign that this is all a lot more then a family plot. Seems like at least some in the family think Jeyne really cares about Robb and they really care about both.- There is some support for Jeyne among northerners. Even if they see her as their doom or part of their doom, they never really blame her (and it would be easy). Jeyne is never to blame for the northerners or it doesnt seem like. So she is clearly not disliked. In all, it seems Jeyne did look the part as RobbÂ´s lady and queen. Seems a lot many people think she was and still is a good choice.You see, there is actually a lot more about Jeyne in the books /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by RSasoiaf, 26 May 2012 - 09:30 AM.
1357	teemo	2012-05-26	Like Ran said, we don't know if it was a cheesy romance in the books.  However, I have never seen GRRM write cheesy romantic shit, so I think I can safely assume it wouldn't be like it is in the show.  Love does not equate to cheesy.  Cheesy romance is forced, contrived, terribly unconvincing and one-layered.  I can be touched by a loving scene.  I just saw a scene in The Sopranos that was based around love last night and it really was powerful.  It was GOOD WRITING.  This Robb/Talisa stuff is NOT.  If tullisa is a 007 that really falls for her victim im out of hereYeah, I will be even more disgusted by this storyline, which I didn't even think was possible at this point.
1358	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	I want to point out (and this has been pointed out before) that in the world GRRM created, it is impossible for a high born woman to run around unescorted.  It would simply not happen. That act alone would cause her to be seen with suspicision and as a potential victim.  Look at the other high born women that travel extensively
Cat-escorted
Arya-hides as a commoner
Margaery-escorted
Brienne-Trained as a warrior
Asha-trained as a warrior
It simply does not happen for a high born woman to travel alone.  They are protected.  Because if they are not they are perceived as weak or not highborn.  That escort that protection identifies them for what they are.
So we are asked to believe that a highborn lady(albeit from across the seas) travels to westeros unescorted? Simply not believable given the setting. 
Perhaps she has escorts off screen, then why not present this is some capacity
Or she is not highborn, calling into question the whole relationship and Robbs pursuit of her
Or the writers have modernized her, which I say blech to.
1359	Le Cygne	2012-05-26	The book scene was better because it was simpler, and thus infinitely more believable.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 12 December 2012 - 07:26 PM.
1360	Gannicus	2012-05-26	I want to point out (and this has been pointed out before) that in the world GRRM created, it is impossible for a high born woman to run around unescorted.  It would simply not happen. That act alone would cause her to be seen with suspicision and as a potential victim.  Look at the other high born women that travel extensivelyCat-escortedArya-hides as a commonerMargaery-escortedBrienne-Trained as a warriorAsha-trained as a warriorIt simply does not happen for a high born woman to travel alone.  They are protected.  Because if they are not they are perceived as weak or not highborn.  That escort that protection identifies them for what they are.So we are asked to believe that a highborn lady(albeit from across the seas) travels to westeros unescorted? Simply not believable given the setting.Perhaps she has escorts off screen, then why not present this is some capacityOr she is not highborn, calling into question the whole relationship and Robbs pursuit of herOr the writers have modernized her, which I say blech to.It's possible that highborn ladies are treated and viewed differently in Volantine culture.
1361	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	essos seems even more class oriented than Westeros
1362	Gannicus	2012-05-26	I will remind you again:- the book story was possible, maybe not that easy to happen but it was possible.- the show story is impossible unless something is really messed up with the whole world.How do you figure? A young man can't be turned on unless he's weak and vulnerable?So, the book story is maybe a bit cheesy. The show story is 100% cheesy simply because it depicts things that are not at even plausible in the world.Again:In the book Robb was weak, is was being taken care at the Cragg and by a sweet and shy girl. You probably know nothing about being in pain and having a really nice nurse taking care of you. But you probably know that the nurse thing is still a big big fantasy even in this day and age and i could take the time to further explain why. Make it simple, there is a lot of sexual charge when you are helpless and being taken care off by someone young and nice looking. It is believable! Then things happen and Robb kind of really feels sorry for Jeyne do to her being so sweet and shy. She is totally screwed if he doesnt marry her and do to her personality, Robb really feels pitty....it fits!!! You will pitty someone who is really sweet and shy, itÂ´s also almost unavoidable. You will feel moved and want to help someone like that.Now in the show, we have a girl that should not be there in the first place, that should not be allowed to be with Robb, that should not be able to go around free and happy in an army camp in that day and age (remember she was an enemy nurse and she doesnt bellong to the official red cross (silent sisters). So...she is 100% impossible. She could not be there, she would not be allowed to be there and she would not remain there if she had the choice.So the king of the north feels sorry for a girl he boned and that's the reason he marries her?  Yeah, I find that to be both unrealistic and pathetic. He's wounded and depressed and the poor baby has sex with a hot nurse.  Thank god the show didn't try to portray that cheese fest. Having Robb actually fall for a girl is a better story and more believable story. Because here is what is actually true, when every day above ground could be your last men have a tendency not to worry about the repercussions of their actions.  I don't know how many of you have seen action, but when men go to war with the possibility of death looming they tend to put vows on the back-burner. This happens much more frequently than a nurse and patient getting it on.  I don't see it hard to imagine Rob getting it on with a pretty girl he has a crush on, low born or high.Now I agree the show has failed to capture a strong love story adequately, but I guess that's what happen when you get medieval gurus trying to write love stories. Pure Cheese.
1363	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-26	Robb informed Cat of this situation the way most guys would talk to their moms about this - she got the sugarcoated version.Teenage boys tend to sugarcoat things when they talk to their moms about girls!  We don't know that he never told Jeyne in the books that 'he didn't want to marry the Frey girl.' The important thing is the way the main characters feel towards each other. In the book, he was grief stricken and wounded.  he still gets mad at his mom for releasing Jaime, but it doesn't happen until later.On TV, he was mad at his mom for releasing Jaime.  His mom is also the one who negotiated the wedding contract with the Freys.  He is mad at her for undermining his kingly authority and forcing him to marry a stranger.  On TV, they will very soon find out about Bran and Rikkon, and it will be poignant and sad just like it was in the book.So in the grand scheme of things, the dynamic is basically the same, Robb's motives and Cat's motives are the same, even though certain events are moved around for the purpose of condensing everything into 9 hours of airtime spread across 10 episodes. What is abundantly clear to me is that the writers aren't making these choices haphazardly, or with no regard for the story.  They probably know the books just as well as any of us, if not better.  Like it, or don't like it - but understand adapting a story like this for an HBO series with time and budget restrictions is no small task.  I don't think anyone here could do a better job of it!
1364	Morrigan	2012-05-26	How do you figure? A young man can't be turned on unless he's weak and vulnerable?That's not what was said...So the king of the north feels sorry for a girl he boned and that's the reason he marries her?  Yeah, I find that to be both unrealistic and pathetic. He's wounded and depressed and the poor baby has sex with a hot nurse.  Thank god the show didn't try to portray that cheese fest.Uh... what? Have you ever been wounded and lost two brothers at once? You think you wouldn't be vulnerable then? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> "Poor baby", WTF is wrong with you people...
1365	madman2711	2012-05-26	Dont under estimate us as maybe we could do a better job
Tulisa / talissa is just a MASH bad episode she is so just out of this world 
She is a foreigner from volantis yet aparently nobody really knows her 
Come on she is allowed around the king when at war with no background check she could kill him just like that and nobody cares who she is
I think DD took jayne book story mixed it with mellisandre book attitude and the fact she is from asshai 
As i said in another thread why did they choose volantis as noble family in Volantis have pure valyrian pedigree so they are almost similar to Daenerys & Visaerys with gold / silver hair
I know its nitpicky but why tash some important details about volantis when they could name some other city that allowed slavery
1366	Gannicus	2012-05-26	Uh... what? Have you ever been wounded and lost two brothers at once? You think you wouldn't be vulnerable then? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> "Poor baby", WTF is wrong with you people...The point is that being vulnerable is not usually a cause or reason to have sex/fall for someone, at least for most men.  But Cat uses this to rationalize why Robb would think with his pecker in the book.
1367	Sarnius	2012-05-26	No they haven't. You're completely wrong.Robb said he didn't want to marry the Frey girl. Not "I won't". That's entirely different.He's not going back on his promise, at all. He's fallen in love with a girl he can so relate to and his desperate time of having so much pressure on him, he wants to have sex with her.That does not mean he wants to have sex with her. Once he realizes what he's done and learns of B + R's death, he'll regret it. It's the same but with more of a twist to it. Robb's doing what he wants, not what he feels.
1368	Natmus	2012-05-26	What is abundantly clear to me is that the writers aren't making these choices haphazardly, or with no regard for the story.  They probably know the books just as well as any of us, if not better.  Like it, or don't like it - but understand adapting a story like this for an HBO series with time and budget restrictions is no small task.  I don't think anyone here could do a better job of it!I disagree on both points. I think the writers have no idea how to make this adaption into a cohesive story, so they are just pickings scenes from the books almost at random and making the rest up on the go.And I also think that many other, including members on this forum, could do a better job of it, also within the time and monetary constraints of the current crew.I don't see how some people seem to claim to like the books, while applauding when some tv writers constantly second-guess and wants to 'improve' the source material.
1369	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-26	I thik too many readers completely miss the human element of the series because they are so caught up with 'taking sides'  in the forum.  Robb is an easy scapegoat because he doesn't get a POV and his worst blunder takes place off-page.  we really have no idea what he was really thinking.
1370	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-26	I don't see how some people seem to claim to like the books, while applauding when some tv writers constantly second-guess and wants to 'improve' the source material.wow.. really???I stand 100% by my 'claim to like the books.'  Please don't turn this into some fanboy pissing contest.  The show is getting good ratings despite all the rabbling from book purists, so I am not coming from left field here.  It isn't the writer's job impress the fans with their steadfast devotion to the source material .. their job is to write a killer TV show, get good ratings and get renewed for more seasons.  In other words, make money.I don't applaud every single decision the writers made.  I was especially disappointed that they cut Renly's peach scene.  I'd say Robb/Talisa is passable at best.. I was just saying I understand what they were doing.I think lots of book fans would agree with me that it's fun to see them change things up.. and they do a great job of capturing the essence of the characters and 'big picture' stuff yet keeping us on our toes at the same time.As for who here on the forum could do a better job writing ... unless you have years of experience writing for premium TV and the television industry in general, I'd say, no, you couldn't.  Writing for TV is an incredibly complicated process.  There are too many factors beyond anyone's control to be able to produce exactly what you want to have on screen.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 26 May 2012 - 05:07 PM.
1371	RSasoiaf	2012-05-26	The point is that being vulnerable is not usually a cause or reason to have sex/fall for someone, at least for most men.  But Cat uses this to rationalize why Robb would think with his pecker in the book.You have no idea what you are talking about!!!! I hope you never will.But I tell you what happens: technically when you are vulnerable your hormones are not. You are still a man or women and if you do have hormones you still feel atraction towards the other sex. Now the thing that tends to disconect when you are vulnerable is the so called voice of reason and part of your usual thinking process. You are more sensitive, the shields your personality usually has tend to go down a bit when you feel vulnerable...and stuff like that. Believe it or not, this happens with everyone.Now usually you dont simply get a beautiful girl with a crush on you falling on your lap at the right moment. Because if you are some usual guy, beautiful girls are not really falling on your lap that easy. But believe me, if they do fall on your lap on a time you feel vulnerable.....man ohhh man i would like to see you not thinking on sex /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> And by the way, girls usually feel atracted to you when you are wonded if you happen to display a lot of strength and character. They love to see a guy that can take being helpless in a humble way while still doing is best to get back and not complaining about it being hard. Women love that kind of strength and they can really conect on that only.
1372	wolverine	2012-05-27	What I think is most humorous about all this character judging, comparing, etc. is how so many on here sound like they would be the most cold, calculated, logical, rational people in the world if only they were in the same positions.
Throughout the history of every world their have been a lot of decisions made based on emotion, honor, or factors other than rationality and logic.  It doesn't make every character making those decisions a horrible person.  Sometimes, IMO, it makes them a better one.  It also does not ruin the character of a 16 year old boy if he falls in love with someone he thinks is honorable, beautiful, and shares his values.  The fact that he acts on this, despite his honor, makes him more human, and less machine like a lot of posters on here think he should be.
1373	Gannicus	2012-05-27	What I think is most humorous about all this character judging, comparing, etc. is how so many on here sound like they would be the most cold, calculated, logical, rational people in the world if only they were in the same positions.Throughout the history of every world their have been a lot of decisions made based on emotion, honor, or factors other than rationality and logic.  It doesn't make every character making those decisions a horrible person.  Sometimes, IMO, it makes them a better one.  It also does not ruin the character of a 16 year old boy if he falls in love with someone he thinks is honorable, beautiful, and shares his values.  The fact that he acts on this, despite his honor, makes him more human, and less machine like a lot of posters on here think he should be.Completely agree
1374	Gannicus	2012-05-27	You have no idea what you are talking about!!!! I hope you never will.But I tell you what happens: technically when you are vulnerable your hormones are not. You are still a man or women and if you do have hormones you still feel atraction towards the other sex. Now the thing that tends to disconect when you are vulnerable is the so called voice of reason and part of your usual thinking process. You are more sensitive, the shields your personality usually has tend to go down a bit when you feel vulnerable...and stuff like that. Believe it or not, this happens with everyone.Oh boy /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I don't intend to come across as arrogant or assholic, and I am by no means an expert.  But most of us have some experience in the area of love and experienced incredible hurt.  I just don't attribute or relate the realtionships I've had to the great losses in my life.  And from what I've observed neither have my male friends. My girlfriends on the other hand, well...lets just move on.I realize hormones come into play.  But being blunt the only time a 16 year old boy isn't thinking about women/sex is when his hormones are out of wack. This is why I'm inclined to believe Robb even in the book was drawn to Jeyne/Talissa before he was wounded and found out about his brothers.Now usually you dont simply get a beautiful girl with a crush on you falling on your lap at the right moment. Because if you are some usual guy, beautiful girls are not really falling on your lap that easy. But believe me, if they do fall on your lap on a time you feel vulnerable.....man ohhh man i would like to see you not thinking on sex /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Haha I'm not gonna argue that. But vulnerability aside when a beautiful girl falls in your lap and you're feeling confident, you also tend to think of sex.. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />And by the way, girls usually feel atracted to you when you are wonded if you happen to display a lot of strength and character. They love to see a guy that can take being helpless in a humble way while still doing is best to get back and not complaining about it being hard. Women love that kind of strength and they can really conect on that only.I would assume you're a women, so I'm not going to argue with you about what women are attracted to.  But I also see a lot of women who are attracted to handsome successful men which Robb is. I bet the King of the North would do OK for himself, and might even have a say in who is tending to his wounds.This has gone in a direction that I didn't intend, but the long and short of my position is I always believed Robb would have slept with Jeyne/Talissa if life was all peaches. Unlike Cat, I never tried to justify or sugarcoat why Robb was sleeping with a pretty girl.
1375	qixoticneurotic	2012-06-01	the young wolf is a stupid horny lil puppy. theyve destroyed his motivation and any sympathy i had for his character.  hes double crossed the freys and wants to pass the crossing twice. heh.
1376	The Bloody Boar	2012-07-08	I don't think Robb's ruined, but the contrasting attitudes of so many fans to what book-Robb did and what TV-Robb did is very striking!Book-Robb: marries Jeyne out of a desire to do right by her. Fans: Boo! Robb, you suck!TV-Robb: marries the Volantis princess cos she's so fine. Fans: Go, Robb! Tap that fine ass!What a comment on our society! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1377	Volantis	2012-10-19	They've ruined Robb, jon and Catelyn and made Tyrion look like a sissie in some scenes
1378	Volantis	2012-10-19	He is about 20 in the books
1379	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-08	Sorry for being late into this discussion. I just found this site a couple of days ago
I am going to address several points brought up in this thread.
Here comes my wall of text:
Karstark was talking to Catelyn when he mentioned The Father. That is her religion.
Robb is in the middle of the war. He married Talisa as soon as possible, in case he died (MAJOR irony there).
Talisa is FAR more believable as a temptation to break his oath than Jeyne was. She impressed him (and me) as a woman who would make a fine queen, not just a hotty.
Anything that happened in the books doesn't matter. GRRM sold the story and the characters to the producers to do as they pleased. It should be clear now, that they can and might change anything.
Talisa has forsaken her past - she left Essos because it is rife with slavery. She made up her mind to never live in a slave city again. It is not unreasonable to assume changed her faith as well.
Catelyn validated the breaking of oathes when she BETRAYED ROBB by releasing Jaime. Love was her excuse. It is also his.
Joffery doesn't give a damn about Margery or Sansa. He's gay or neuter. Look how he treated his nameday gifts. The little play he and the council put on was just a show.
Book Robb didn't marry Jeyne out of honour. His honour required that he keep his oath to the Freys. Frankly, GRRM's version is much more clumsy and unbelievable than the show's version. Talisa would likely make a fine queen.
You can't say something in the TV shows is wrong, just because it does not match up with something in the books. Two different worlds.
Do you people who say Robb was being petulant with Catelyn understand that he would have been within his rights to have her executed for what she did? She freed a major enemy during war. Her betrayal might well have driven him into Talisa's arms. He needed someone he could trust, and Catelyn had proven that was not her, anymore.
					
					
							Edited by ShowOverBooks, 08 November 2012 - 06:15 PM.
1380	The Boar of Gore	2013-05-08	I didn't have a problem with them showing his romance with Jeyne on-screen rather than off. But that isn't what they've done, now is it. They made up a totally different story instead, and it unfortunately, it just. plain. sucks even when ignoring the books. Not only that, but I would go so far as to say that it goes completely against Robb's character.Let's summarize here. Book-Robb is a boy of 15 (full of raging hormones); he took an injury at the Crag; he heard of his brothers's deaths and is grieving. During all that he is "comforted" by a woman in a moment of understandable weakness. After that happens, he feels honour-bound to marry her. Book-Robb is the son of Ned Stark, and just like Ned, he takes oaths and hononour seriously. He would have never deliberately broken his vow to the Freys like that, and when it does happen, he feels stupid and terrible and tries his hardest to make amends.Disagree. In both book and TV show, Robb falls in love, which is natural for a young guy, and also natural for someone at war who doesn't know whether he'll be alive or dead the next day. In that sense, the Show is being true to the Books. OTOH, they do change Book Robb's commitment to honour, even making him say he's not his father. That's ok with me, because this is an adaptation, and if a change makes sense then they can and should go ahead with it. They've built up a very clear portrait of Robb in the series (or the actor playing him has) and if this particular scene isn't consistent with Book Robb, it's certainly not inconsistent with the portrayal of TV Robb so far.
1381	FacelessFanDragon	2013-05-08	Greeting All,
I do not think the show has ruined Robb. Both TV and book Robb broke a vow to an ally. As some have pointed out the honorable thing to do would have been marry a Frey girl(as agreed upon) and either keepJeyne/Talisa on the side or arrange a good match for her. He is a fool for thinking a self-centered man like Lord Frey would EVER forgiven such a blatant slight to his honor.
That being said the RW was still a great suprise, but understandable. (From a Frey POV) It made me sad none the less. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1382	The Lady Raven	2013-05-10	I didn't have a problem with them showing his romance with Jeyne on-screen rather than off. But that isn't what they've done, now is it. They made up a totally different story instead, and it unfortunately, it just. plain. sucks even when ignoring the books. Not only that, but I would go so far as to say that it goes completely against Robb's character.Let's summarize here. Book-Robb is a boy of 15 (full of raging hormones); he took an injury at the Crag; he heard of his brothers's deaths and is grieving. During all that he is "comforted" by a woman in a moment of understandable weakness. After that happens, he feels honour-bound to marry her. Book-Robb is the son of Ned Stark, and just like Ned, he takes oaths and hononour seriously. He would have never deliberately broken his vow to the Freys like that, and when it does happen, he feels stupid and terrible and tries his hardest to make amends.TV-Robb: is a man grown (I assume he's supposed to be 18-20?); he is not injured; he has not learned of Bran and Rickon's deaths and is not grieving. He's not in any sort of particular trouble. He even had his mother around to remind him of his duty and his oath to the Freys. Yet he's palling around with some sexy wench and clearly states he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl. He deliberately breaks his vow and doesn't even have second thoughts about it.What made Robb sympathetic was because he was so much like Ned, and took his oath and his honour so seriously, and he was young and naive, and he actually married Jeyne because of his Ned-like honour as a Stark. There is none, and absolutely none of that in his story with Talissa. Not only is the story contrary to the spirit of the novel, but even judged by its own merit as TV, it's bad. It's a clichA©d Hollywood romance with little believability to it.  And it takes away a lot of the tragedy of the Red Wedding since Robb pretty much has it coming.  Personally the Red Wedding made me upset because of Catelyn's suffering (losing her "last" son) and death more than Robb's death, but by giving more attention to Robb, the TV series could have changed that. Well, so much for that... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> Totally agree.
1383	Caryn Stark	2013-05-10	/bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> Totally agree.As do I.
1384	Castellan	2013-05-14	What? No he didn't. In this quasi-medieval setting no one would care if he slept with other woman before the wedding. Few people would care if he slept with another woman after the wedding. He'll break his vow when he marries other woman. Which, in the book, was monumental, suicidal stupidity, and TV Robb won't beat that unless he weds a literal horse. I am a bit lost here. Yes, he broke his vow to the Freys only when he married Jeyne, and the Freys wouldn't care if he dishonoured a Westerling girl.However, its not true nobody cared what he did. Robb slept with a high born maid in her own house, that is a different story than sleeping with a commoner. Its not the sleeping with someone which is bad, its stealing her virginity, which equals her honour and her marriageability. According to honour he should marry her, although few men probably followed that principle if they could avoid it. Then again most would be canny enough to avoid such situations.Nevertheless, looking like a pig would be better than having all your supporters massacred by Freys!
1385	pytri993	2013-05-14	Well, it seems to me that the supposed "breach" of Jeyne's honor is an old-fashioned notion at best. Half of Westeros' lords bedded women well before they were married, and none felt the need to marry their bedwarmers. Robb could easily have pretended that his roll in the hay with Jeyne never happened, and he would probably have avoided all that mess
1386	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-15	Well, it seems to me that the supposed "breach" of Jeyne's honor is an old-fashioned notion at best. Half of Westeros' lords bedded women well before they were married, and none felt the need to marry their bedwarmers. Robb could easily have pretended that his roll in the hay with Jeyne never happened, and he would probably have avoided all that messThat's not the kind of boy Ned Stark raised. Robb nobly chose Jeyne's honor over his own.
1387	Teardrops	2013-05-18	That's not the kind of boy Ned Stark raised. Robb nobly chose Jeyne's honor over his own.Ned would have married the Frey girl. He would never  put a girl's honour, that he could protect in other ways, above the men who fought and died for him, his kingdom, his cause, his duty. There is nothing 'noble' in what Robb did. The Young Wolf cared about Jeyne's honor so much because she took his heart.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 18 May 2013 - 02:16 PM.
1388	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-05-19	It's all hindsight that somehow marrying Jeyne would cost him the war.  Robb believed he could do both.
1389	Teardrops	2013-05-19	It's all hindsight that somehow marrying Jeyne would cost him the war.  Robb believed he could do both.Nope, it's not a matter of hindsight. He couldn't predict the RW but you don't need to be Nostradamus to know that breaking your oath marrying a member of a family sworn to the enemy would not only hurt your image but also -at least- make you lose the Freys ( 4000 men ! ) and consequently jeopardize your cause. You don't put everything at risk because you hope to find a way to fix things when you can directly avoid the problem: help the girl AND keep you word - that is the only logical, right and honorable thing to do ....
1390	David Selig	2013-05-19	Ned would have married the Frey girl. He would never  put a girl's honour, that he could protect in other ways, above the men who fought and died for him, his kingdom, his cause, his duty. There is nothing 'noble' in what Robb did. The Young Wolf cared about Jeyne's honor so much because she took his heart.Nope, it's not a matter of hindsight. He couldn't predict the RW but you don't need to be Nostradamus to know that breaking your oath marrying a member of a family sworn to the enemy would not only hurt your image but also -at least- make you lose the Freys ( 4000 men ! ) and consequently jeopardize your cause. You don't put everything at risk because you hope to find a way to fix things when you can directly avoid the problem: help the girl AND keep you word - that is the only logical, right and honorable thing to do ....Well said.Ned kept his word and married a woman he didn't know to help the North's cause and his soldiers. Robb did the exact opposite.
1391	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-05-19	yeah, I totally agree with this thread
I used to love Robb in the books, but I don't like at all the tv version of him
1392	Dagon Greyjoy	2013-05-20	As I said, in medieval settings of  Westeros it means a world of difference. Talissa is almost nothing according to their standards.IF Talisa is actually a Maegyr, she wouldn't be almost nothing: The Maegyrs are an extremely highborn House in Volantis, pretty much royalty: Melaquo Maegyr having been reelected Triarch over and over for decades.House Maegyr is chief of the Tiger faction in Volantis, and they pretty much owns the Volantene military: The Volantene army flies the tiger of Maegyr for their banner /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />. The Volantene City Watch are called the Tiger Cloaks.
					
					
							Edited by Dagon Greyjoy, 20 May 2013 - 10:02 AM.
1393	Alistair's Pantaloons	2013-05-28	I liked it wayyyy better in the show. I feel much more understanding for Robbs' decision. In the book, he basically shows up suddenly married to a character we don't even know or ever get to know. The motivations are far clearer in the show and the tragedy of Robb's death after being newly married will be that much sadder now that we've gotten to know him and his bride.
1394	the_one_who_was_promised	2013-05-30	I didn't have a problem with them showing his romance with Jeyne on-screen rather than off. But that isn't what they've done, now is it. They made up a totally different story instead, and it unfortunately, it just. plain. sucks even when ignoring the books. Not only that, but I would go so far as to say that it goes completely against Robb's character.Let's summarize here. Book-Robb is a boy of 15 (full of raging hormones); he took an injury at the Crag; he heard of his brothers's deaths and is grieving. During all that he is "comforted" by a woman in a moment of understandable weakness. After that happens, he feels honour-bound to marry her. Book-Robb is the son of Ned Stark, and just like Ned, he takes oaths and hononour seriously. He would have never deliberately broken his vow to the Freys like that, and when it does happen, he feels stupid and terrible and tries his hardest to make amends.TV-Robb: is a man grown (I assume he's supposed to be 18-20?); he is not injured; he has not learned of Bran and Rickon's deaths and is not grieving. He's not in any sort of particular trouble. He even had his mother around to remind him of his duty and his oath to the Freys. Yet he's palling around with some sexy wench and clearly states he doesn't want to marry the Frey girl. He deliberately breaks his vow and doesn't even have second thoughts about it.What made Robb sympathetic was because he was so much like Ned, and took his oath and his honour so seriously, and he was young and naive, and he actually married Jeyne because of his Ned-like honour as a Stark. There is none, and absolutely none of that in his story with Talissa. Not only is the story contrary to the spirit of the novel, but even judged by its own merit as TV, it's bad. It's a clichA©d Hollywood romance with little believability to it.  And it takes away a lot of the tragedy of the Red Wedding since Robb pretty much has it coming.  Personally the Red Wedding made me upset because of Catelyn's suffering (losing her "last" son) and death more than Robb's death, but by giving more attention to Robb, the TV series could have changed that. Well, so much for that... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />This post has many good points, but what else got me thinking, is perhaps the producers want to detract some sympathy away from Robb. Apparently, they were warned that viewers would be lost after Ned's execution and with fans eagerly awaiting the demise of characters such as Joffrey, perhaps they feared that making Robb too tragic and too popular, more viewers would be offended or disappointed with his inevitable demise.I think that Catelyn's constant warning in the TV show serves as some form of foreboding in the face of Robb's arrogance, but I do agree with you in principle, and I found it utterly pointless for them to have changed Robb's wife's name to Talisa either as I struggle to see what purpose that served, unless they don't want viewers confusing Jeyne Westerling with Jeyne Poole in future possible seasons.
1395	Bestkeptsecret	2013-06-01	Putting all the other issues aside it is ridiculous that news of Winterfell doesn't come before Robb's huge mistake. It wouldn't take much time at all and is extremely relevant.
1396	noratorious	2013-06-03	I simply feel that the aging up of all the children has necessitated some changes in their on-screen personas. It's a little rough around the edges, but they're doing their best with a situation that was sort of forced on them. A lot of the character traits (especially of the Stark children, but also of Danaerys, Joffrey, etc.) are rooted in these little kids and teens being given way too much responsibility too early. Robb as a 15 y/o is more sympathetic to me than Robb as a "man." I feel the same way about Jon Snow. I hated TV Jon Snow at first because he seemed too whiny for his age - when I read the books, I realized why he was so angsty - he's 14! It's unfortunate, but it sounds like the producers didn't really have a choice. Especially because they couldn't show a 13 y/o Danaerys having sex for the first time with Khal Drogo. Too creepy for TV.
1397	TheWeepingKnight	2014-08-23	I liked it wayyyy better in the show. I feel much more understanding for Robbs' decision. In the book, he basically shows up suddenly married to a character we don't even know or ever get to know. The motivations are far clearer in the show and the tragedy of Robb's death after being newly married will be that much sadder now that we've gotten to know him and his bride.


What? How were the motivations not clear? He was injured and incapacitated temporarily (so already vulnerable physically) and tended to by Jeyne and was then told of the deaths of his two younger brothers at the hands of his best friend who he himself let loose. In complete distraught, grief and vulnerability, he and Jeyne had sex. Sex out of his grief and need to be emotionally comforted in such a weak and lonely state. Robb selflessly decided to protect her honor over his and thus married her. How the hell was anything of this made not clear in the books?
Â 
Anyways, prefer the show version all you want but saying it didn't make sense in the books is quite bewildering to me. I personally preferred the book version so much more because it was far more complicated emotionally, not a painful cliche, made the Red Wedding far more tragic in my mind as well as having some irony and one of the great things about characters like Robb is their vulnerability which I found the show totally lacked.
1398	Fisch	2014-09-12	Having seen the show before I read the books, TVRobb was what I was used to. I find both stories of his tragic marriage equally interesting and emotionally touching.
Â 
Where I think TVRobb falls short compared to BookRobb is in what his plans are at the time he goes off to the Red Wedding. TVRobb's plan to strike at his enemy's stronghold seems, if not cliche, then a standard plotline that a TV/movie audience might anticipate and cheer for. BookRobb's plans, plus his preparations for a future where he might not survive, seemed more mature, more intelligent, and more interesting.
1399	bemused	2014-09-24	My biggest objection as I watched the show was that Robb and Talisa were written as modern people. I found their dialogue pretty ridiculous.
1400	JonBranRickon	2014-09-29	I tend to agree that it was completely contrived and same out of no where.Â  You'd think he or someone else would have thought of that long ago.Â  The really interesting twist here is that they could have made this an interesting twist.Â  Mainly because the TV Lannisters have no gold.Â  So what if Robb did go to the Rock and conquer it only to find that there is nothing there worth holding.Â  It would have been another clever trick from the descendants of Lann the Clever.
1401	Fisch	2014-09-30	My biggest objection as I watched the show was that Robb and Talisa were written as modern people. I found their dialogue pretty ridiculous.


Having re-watched Talisa's introduction - I mostly stand by my original statement vis a vis Robb's marriage, but the peacenik dialogue they gave Talisa to spit contemptuously at Robb in that first episode is pretty bad.
1402	Annara Snow	2014-10-01	Disagree. In both book and TV show, Robb falls in love, which is natural for a young guy, and also natural for someone at war who doesn't know whether he'll be alive or dead the next day. In that sense, the Show is being true to the Books. OTOH, they do change Book Robb's commitment to honour, even making him say he's not his father. That's ok with me, because this is an adaptation, and if a change makes sense then they can and should go ahead with it. They've built up a very clear portrait of Robb in the series (or the actor playing him has) and if this particular scene isn't consistent with Book Robb, it's certainly not inconsistent with the portrayal of TV Robb so far.


Â 
I agree that he fell in love in both book and the show. I don't understand why people insist that book!Robb didn't love Jeyne, when he says so multiple times, and Catelyn never doubts it. And if he hadn't loved her, he would have been a complete idiot to marry her just because he slept with her. It's not like he needed to protect her honor when she was not pregnant, and nobody would have known that they had slept together. It's not like Faith would have come to check on her if she is still a virgin. She could have just kept her mouth shut and eventually married someone else. Robb did not need even to marry her off as some have suggested, that happens when a girl gets pregnant or gives birth and it's impossible to hide what happened. Besides, Robb himself believed he was putting Jeyne and her family in danger, as well, because they would be exposed to the wrath of the Lannisters. So, it would not have been a good solution to Jeyne either, to be put in danger and confined to a loveless marriage to a man who would resent her for screwing up his war plans, for nothing.
Â 
However, if Robb and Jeyne were in love, then it all makes emotional sense. I don't think he would have just decided to marry her if he hadn't slept with her, but since he was in love and he had slept with her, I can see why he felt it was the right thing to do.
Â 
I do, however, think that they messed up Robb and his storyline on the show. I like book Robb much more and find him more sympathetic; show Robb is boring and a bit annoying. The main differences are, IMO:
Â 
- show!Robb is not just a few years older, and looking like he's 10 years older than book!Robb, he's also written as a guy who simply does whatever he wants and doesn't worry about the consequences. I suppose they did it to make him look more of a conventional "badass" hero, but it just makes him less interesting and less sympathetic than book!Robb, who is 15, confused, in over his head, unsure if what he's doing is right, and apologetic when he talks to his mother. Now, there's nothing they could have done about Richard Madden looking his age, but they certainly could have made him more conflicted between love and duty, at the very least. Show!Robb never seemed conflicted at all.
Â 
- Book!Robb also thinks he may die and makes precautions, unlike show!Robb, who acts like he believes he's invincible. The latter actually makes the 15-year old book!Robb look more mature.
Â 
- speaking of book!Robb being apologetic and subtly manipulating his mother into forgiving him for marrying Jeyne by implying he will forgive her for releasing Jaime, because those two things were both mistakes made out of love, that's very different from show!Robb, who scolds his mother harshly, imprisons her, and then goes on to marry Talisa, basically saying "fuck it! I'm pissed at her so now going to do whatever I want!", which made him look like a jerk and a petulant idiot.
Â 
- The romance between Robb and Talisa was incredibly boring, it was like the most conventional, shallowest third rate Hollywood romance movie about two hot college kids who fall for each other immediately because they're both hawt and because she's sassy and he's badass.
Â 
- Speaking of which, both of them separately were also written like completely anachronistic characters with modern views. Robb scolding his mother for arranging the marriage with a Frey girl was ridiculous writing -Â  as a Westerosi noble, ending up in a political, arranged marriage is what he would have always expected to be a part of his life, it's what all Westerosi nobles do. When we see characters deciding to marry for love, or rejecting marriage altogether (like Blackfish), or growing disillusioned with their fate of being married off for politics (like Sansa), or feeling resentful of having been stuck in bad arranged marriages (like Cersei or Lysa), it's a big deal, it's a huge change in their character that they only come to after a long process; no noble in Westeros starts off with the idea that they will be allowed to marry whoever they choose just because they love/want them.
Â 
Maybe they thought it would make Robb and his wife more relatable, but it only made them and their storyline less interesting and more jarring.
Â 
- As a consequence of Talisa being written as such an anachronistic modern woman, show!Robb looks like an even bigger idiot. I can see why book!Robb thought he had to marry Jeyne, and why her family, probably, would have easily convinced him he had to do it quickly. In addition, Jeyne probably wouldn't have been OK with being his mistress - even if she was up for it, her reputation would have suffered, and she wouldn't want to give birth to a bastard. But Talisa doesn't seem to care about any of that and never expresses any concern that she'd be seen as a "fallen woman", and Robb doesn't express that concern for her, either. So why does Robb need to marry her ASAP? She could have continued being his mistress throughout the war, if they were going by "Carpe Diem, we could be dead tomorrow". If he was determined to marry for love, he could have also married her after the war was won, when he had no need of the Freys so badly anymore. He would have still broken his vow to Walder Frey and looked like an ass for screwing him over (though I doubt many people would even care for him screwing over Walder Frey of all people), but he would not have lost the war and his life. But why, oh why was it so necessary to marry Talisa ASAP, while he was still in dire need of the Freys?
Oddly enough, they both made Robb anachronistically modern, and then they made him conservative for a 21st century person in that one instance: "must. marry. the woman I love and am sleeping with, ASAP". So, he does not come off as a believable Westerosi (who expects to marry for politics, no love), and he also does not come off as someone relatable to the average 21st century TV viewer (who does not think they have to immediately marry someone they're having a relationship with).
Â 
- There are other things, unrelated to Talisa, that made show!Robb annoying. I couldn't believe it when they kept having Blackfish (who was also made to be really annoying, as they turned him into a bully and a total Robb yes-man at the same time) bully Edmure by telling him "HE IS YOUR KING!" while simultaneously having Robb say that he doesn't care about the Riverlands (you know, the Riverlands that's been bleeding the most from the war), he's just fighting for the North, right to Edmure's and Blackfish's faces. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!

					
					
							Edited by Annara Snow, 01 October 2014 - 05:13 AM.
1403	Bran17	2014-10-01	What? No he didn't. In this quasi-medieval setting no one would care if he slept with other woman before the wedding. Few people would care if he slept with another woman after the wedding. He'll break his vow when he marries other woman. Which, in the book, was monumental, suicidal stupidity, and TV Robb won't beat that unless he weds a literal horse.


ITA
1404	Sam with Hooters	2014-12-20	Y'know, it occurred to me just last night -- oh, how I wish I could get the brain to shut up when I'm trying to sleep!-- that the whole Robb-Jeyne/Talisa romance is a deconstruction and pastiche of a typical romance novel (which I don't read, as they're too predictable).Â  In a romance novel, everything for the couple ALWAYS, ALWAYS works out perfectly, where as in ASOIAF...you know.
1405	Hoosier427	2015-01-17	Yeah your reasoning makes no sense. Book Ned was supposedly in the exact same situation and kept his marriage with Catelyn.  Robb broke the vow in the book

Actually Ned was already married to Catelyn. Rob was engaged to a Frey but wasn't at that time already married
1406	Died a Hero	2012-05-20	When Jamie explains to Brienne that only three others could give him a run for his money in a combat situation, who do you think he meant?
Mine are: Ser Barristan the Bold, The Hound, and Oberyn Martell
1407	Reeks Revenge	2012-05-20	Darkstar, Barristan, and The Mountain.
1408	Sheep the Evicted	2012-05-20	This show thinks Loras Tyrell is some sort of peerless swordsman. It will be 3 random characters they introduce from the top of their heads.
1409	Trebla	2012-05-20	I think the Cleganes for sure. The third? My money is on the Red Viper but most everybody on the main thread think it's Barristan the Bold. I do think that would make sense since in the last episode they changed the Kingswood Brotherhood story to Barristan instead of Ser Arthur Dayne.
eta: For the record, in the books Jaime's inner monologue has him thinking something similar to this when he realizes Brienne is stronger than him. He thinks to himself on who else might be stronger than him. He comes up with the Cleganes, Robert, the Greatjon, and Strongboar.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 20 May 2012 - 09:59 PM.
1410	teemo	2012-05-20	This show thinks Loras Tyrell is some sort of peerless swordsman. It will be 3 random characters they introduce from the top of their heads.This.  They probably didn't give that comment much thought.  Could be Lancel, Kettleblack, and Moon Boy for all we know...
1411	Mark Antony	2012-05-20	Cleganes and Barristan the Bold
1412	Independent George	2012-05-20	Barristan almost certainly, and probably Gregor Clegane. From the people revealed on the show, I'd guess Sandor would be the third, but with book knowledge, Oberyn Martell and Lyn Corbray are also possibilities.
1413	Sambo	2012-05-20	One is totally Barristan Selmy, does anyone else think show-Jaime has a little bit of a man crush on him?
1414	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	and no "wench" this episode
1415	Trebla	2012-05-20	One is totally Barristan Selmy, does anyone else think show-Jaime has a little bit of a man crush on him?Heh, totally. Last season Jaime stopped being snarky for a few minutes and told Selmy how he admired his fight with Simon Toyne. This season he shared a man moment with Alton about when he squired for Selmy. Well, a man moment until he smashed Alton's head in.
1416	Umberto	2012-05-20	Hot Pie, Hodor, and Rickon.
Obviously.
1417	Howling Mad	2012-05-20	The Mountain, Red Viper, Barristan Selmy
1418	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	This question in the books is without doubt: Ser Loras, Ser Barristan the Bold, & The Mountain
If women were included, Brienne of Tarth
In the show, I think this will eventually be reflected, but it'd not important enough to slow down the plot line and explain exactly who can beat Jamie, especially since he was boasting to a woman warrior who bested Ser Loras (who unseated "The Mountain" in season 1).
All in all, my doubts against this season have been quelled by this episode. Changes made were revised in clever ways that changed things from the book in small ways but end up leaving me feel like every character is essentially the same type of person as in the book.
1419	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-21	You think Ser Loras in the books would have beaten Jaime and Jaime would have thought that? Loras isn't even the best swordsman in his immediate family!
1420	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	When Jamie explains to Brienne that only three others could give him a run for his money in a combat situation, who do you think he meant? Mine are: Ser Barristan the Bold, The Hound, and Oberyn MartellIn the show, Oberyn Martell is unistablished... & probably also in the books too. I think he became a 3rd tier character in book 3. Oberyn is a challenge, but he is no renowned night. The Sword of Morning (who is dead at the hands of Ned, Reed, and 1 other I am forgetting who I think died in the encounter) is who you might be confusing Oberyn with.Oberyn is someone I am looking forward to seeing in season 3, but I really doubt Jaime respects him as a challenge. Jaime is all about tourneys, unlike Ned Stark, who never fought in tourneys because he didn't want to display his moves in battle.Oberyn is a different version of Ned Stark. Oberyn is next season's Ned, maybe. I think we may see a bigger cast role for him because of the duel with the mountain. They will if they are smart, because his role is only 1 season, and he is a sympathetic character that you want to see beat the hound, Joff, and the Lannisters minus Tyrion, of course.
1421	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-21	"She is stronger than I am.
The realization chilled him. Robert had been stronger than him, to be sure. The White Bull Gerold Hightower as well, in his heyday, and Ser Arthur Dayne. Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountain's strength was like nothing human. It did not matter. With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all."
-ASoS
judging from this quote, im guessing the 3 would have to be ser barristan selmy, oberyn martell, and im not too sure about the final one
1422	Sheep the Evicted	2012-05-21	This question in the books is without doubt: Ser Loras, Ser Barristan the Bold, & The Mountain If women were included, Brienne of Tarth.12 replies. Alot better then i thought.Inb4 the melee with flaming swords.
1423	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-21	i don't think its loras tyrell because of the way jaime shows no fear towards him even after he loses his sword hand
1424	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	Well it depends if he is talking about the present or the past. 
If it was for all time it would be Dayne, Barristan, Loras Tyrell.
1425	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	i don't think its loras tyrell because of the way jaime shows no fear towards him even after he loses his sword handHe shows no fear to anyone really but that does not mean he does not recognize their skill.
1426	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	You think Ser Loras in the books would have beaten Jaime and Jaime would have thought that? Loras isn't even the best swordsman in his immediate family!Sir Loras is a badass, yes. Ser Loras beat the mountain in Ned Stark's hound tourney. If Ser Loras can beat the mountain, he has a chance at beating Jaime. Ask yourself this: How much bigger is the mountain than Loras? Then this: how much bigger is Jaime than Loras?The show has painted him as a pansy who likes men, but don't let your prejudice against homosexuals and his defeat by Brienne make you think he isn't a respected dualist and fighter. Brienne is a beast and a beauty, but being beat by her is only a shame in the extremely sexist pre-enlightenment culture that medieval westeros is set.It was always clear that Jamie respected Brienne's size and form, he just never respects her femininity. He wants to fight her to prove that he can beat the strongest woman... and then go on to beat the strongest man.Oberyn is cool, sure. He is not anywhere on the radar of best fighters ever though... because his family is backwater Martell that was close to the "mad king".Doran is a cripple, his heir is a woman, and the leading man is "prince frog"... underestimated to be sure... but still the Martells are not held in high regard either in book or show and Jaime was not referring to any living Dornishman.
1427	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	Sir Loras is a badass, yes. Ser Loras beat the mountain in Ned Stark's hound tourney. If Ser Loras can beat the mountain, he has a chance at beating Jaime. Ask yourself this: How much bigger is the mountain than Loras? Then this: how much bigger is Jaime than Loras? The show has painted him as a pansy who likes men, but don't let your prejudice against homosexuals and his defeat by Brienne make you think he isn't a respected dualist and fighter. Brienne is a beast and a beauty, but being beat by her is only a shame in the extremely sexist pre-enlightenment culture that medieval westeros is set. It was always clear that Jamie respected Brienne's size and form, he just never respects her femininity. He wants to fight her to prove that he can beat the strongest woman... and then go on to beat the strongest man. Oberyn is cool, sure. He is not anywhere on the radar of best fighters ever though... because his family is backwater Martell that was close to the "mad king". Doran is a cripple, his heir is a woman, and the leading man is "prince frog"... underestimated to be sure... but still the Martells are not held in high regard either in book or show and Jaime was not referring to any living Dornishman.Agreed about Loras, i hope they show him as the badass he is during the Battle of Blackwater.
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 21 May 2012 - 12:31 AM.
1428	House Martell	2012-05-21	Sticking to just "Show" Jamies mind rules out some guys and I'll assume he's sticking to guys still alive at that point. He does have the man crush on Selmy, and the Mountain is pretty legendary in the show. The 3rd one is purely speculation but I'm hoping they make Oberyn appropriately bad-ass.
1429	House Martell	2012-05-21	Sir Loras is a badass, yes. Ser Loras beat the mountain in Ned Stark's hound tourney. If Ser Loras can beat the mountain, he has a chance at beating Jaime. Ask yourself this: How much bigger is the mountain than Loras? Then this: how much bigger is Jaime than Loras? .But Loras A) only beat Gregor in a joust, not combat (he needed Sandor to save him there). B ) only won the joust but throwing off Gregors horse with a mare in heat.but still the Martells are not held in high regard either in book or show and Jaime was not referring to any living Dornishman.I doubt Tyrion would send Marcella off to some "backwater", the alliance of the Martells is obviously an important thing.
					
					
							Edited by House Martell, 21 May 2012 - 12:47 AM.
1430	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	Well it depends if he is talking about the present or the past. If it was for all time it would be Dayne, Barristan, Loras Tyrell.Thankyou, someone who recognizes Jamie's prerogative: reputation. As book readers, we may respect Bronn more than Jaime or Loras in terms of fighting ability; but the nobles of Westros only fear who they know who to fear: as with "the mountain", "the night of flowers", or "Barristan the Bold". Jaime doesn't fear the right warriors, he fears having his honor dragged through the dirt as it has been since he was called "King-slayer".Jaime Lannister, in the books, and in the show, hates being called a "man without honor". I'm pretty sure in the series we are being shown something about Jaime that we didn't see until book 3, when he was speaking of breaking one vow to adhere to another, but one has to give credit to that statement given his strange and unheard of situation in contemporary terms.I think people hold Jaime's skills at swordsmanship too high to begin with anyway. His skills have been trumped up with pomp and circumstance from the very beginning of the book series, to the end. Loras has accomplished more with his sword hand in the five books than Jaime. Jaime accomplishes more without one.
1431	Bourne	2012-05-21	Seriously people? Loras? No.
Loras isn't even as good as his own brother. He's a great jouster, but beating The Mountain in a joust does not equate to a swordfight. The mountain would crush Loras. As would Jaime.
By my count, the only characters in the book who might stand a chance against Jaime are the Clegane brothers, Selmy, and Garlan Tyrell. Those are the four best fighters aside from Jaime.
As Garlan hasn't been introduced in the show, Jaime was refering the The Hound, The Mountain, and Ser Grandfather.
1432	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	But Loras A) only beat Gregor in a joust, not combat (he needed Sandor to save him there). B ) only won the joust but throwing off Gregors horse with a mare in heat. I doubt Tyrion would send Marcella off to some "backwater", the alliance of the Martells is obviously an important thing.But Loras A) only beat Gregor in a joust, not combat (he needed Sandor to save him there). B ) only won the joust but throwing off Gregors horse with a mare in heat. I doubt Tyrion would send Marcella off to some "backwater", the alliance of the Martells is obviously an important thing.OK, I can see you love the Martells and Dorne, and so do I; but you are not seeing things from the "game of thrones" view that you should be.At this time in the show and in the books, House Stark, and House Martell are powerless and need allies more than any other house. Sure, the Greyjoys are striking out, but they are "whores", right? In Robert Baratheon's rebellion, he took the throne. With the might of the Stormlands, the North, the East, and the Riverlands. Who first rebelled? The Iron Islands did . Who lost their heirs? The Iron Islands did. & Then that ended that. Because the other kingdoms dared not resist the alliance Robert assembled, there was peace.Now in the book or series of game of thrones is no such situation. Oberyn Martell is also a badass, but how well is he known from Tourneys or battle?What battle against Pyke is he known for? Was he a kingsuard with Barristan Selmy... hell no. Oberyn is a heir to a House held in no regard by anyone except for Tyrion, which it was smart for him to send her there in the first place. The enemy of your enemies is you friend!
1433	Anvilbreaker	2012-05-21	I think you guys are really overrating Loras. He is a great tourney knight, but is not as good a fighter. A lot of people like to defend his loss to Brienne by saying she cheated, but all is fair in a fight to the death, and Jaime has less regard for honor than Brienne, so he would definitely cheat in a fight. based on who the show has presented, who are probably the only people Jaime really knows that much about, I would say Barry the Bold, the mountain and the hound. i don't think that Jaime has seen enough of garlan to really fear him.
1434	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-21	Loras Tyrell isn't even as good as his older brother with the sword. He is a jousting knight. That is from Loras himself.
1435	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	Who has read to book 5? I'm not trying to spoil anything... but Loras does more with his sword hand than Jaime does the whole book series.
1436	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-21	No he doesn't we hear that he does some stuff but 
	Spoiler nobody with a POV has seen it. Plus if you mean Dragonstone, it's all with a morningstar, technically.
 Plus Jaime canonically cuts through Robb Stark's army when he sees he has lost the Whispering Woods and nearly kills Robb. Nobody is saying Loras isn't a badass, but I'm not sure he's in my top 10 swordsmen
1437	House Martell	2012-05-21	Who has read to book 5? I'm not trying to spoil anything... but Loras does more with his sword hand than Jaime does the whole book series.Getting covered in boiling oil? you're right Jamie never did that. I'm not sure what great deeds your referring to? What great warriors were on Dragonstone when he took it?
1438	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	Getting covered in boiling oil? you're right Jamie never did that. I'm not sure what great deeds your referring to? What great warriors were on Dragonstone when he took it?Ok, so Loras does what he does for family and honor... what does Jaime do for anything other than his own honor?
1439	Bourne	2012-05-21	Who has read to book 5? I'm not trying to spoil anything... but Loras does more with his sword hand than Jaime does the whole book series.He didn't do anything of note in the fifth book. Aside from have his flesh burnt off.Loras is a good warrior. Nobody is disputing that. But he's nowhere near as good as Jaime. And more importantly, he isn't as good as the Clegane brothers or Ser Barristan. He isn't one of the three.Ok, so Loras does what he does for family and honor... what does Jaime do for anything other than his own honor?Totally irrelevant. Even if Loras has more honor than Jaime, it doesn't make him a better fighter.
							Edited by Bourne, 21 May 2012 - 01:25 AM.
1440	House Martell	2012-05-21	OK, I can see you love the Martells and Dorne, and so do I; but you are not seeing things from the "game of thrones" view that you should be. At this time in the show and in the books, House Stark, and House Martell are powerless and need allies more than any other house.The Martells don't need anything, no one has ever taken and held Dorne, no is attacking them and they have no dogs in the fight at the moment. Tyrion sees them as a valuable asset, he had many other plans he could of gone with  but he chose to deal with the Martells for a reason.Also I'm trying to see things from HBO's perspective for this discussion and Oberyn is dripping with TV "bad-assness", I don't know if I would include him in this discussion book wise, but TV wise since he is going to slay the Mountain I'm thinking they are going to build him up.
					
					
							Edited by House Martell, 21 May 2012 - 01:22 AM.
1441	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	This was never supposed to be who "we" ranked as the best nights in the first place though was it? Rather, who does Jaime think are the "best". 
Get into his head, and there you have it. I think Oberyn is bad ass, sure; but I bet Jaime doesn't.
Thats my point.
1442	House Martell	2012-05-21	Ok, so Loras does what he does for family and honor... what does Jaime do for anything other than his own honor?OK so now your talking about honor, the discussion is about swordmenship.
1443	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	The Martells don't need anything, no one has ever taken and held Dorne, no is attacking them and they have to dogs in the fight at the moment. Tyrion sees them as a valuable asset, he had many other plans he could of gone with but he chose to deal with the Martells for a reason. Also I'm trying to see things from HBO's perspective for this discussion and Oberyn is dripping with TV "bad-assness", I don't know if I would include him in this discussion book wise, but TV wise since he is going to slay the Mountain I'm thinking they are going to build him up.Tyrion sees them as a valuable ally because they are the only house who has not tried to kill a Lannister yet. Sure, Oberyn Martell plans on taking vengeance on the one who "splattered their queen's brain and her scion's brain on the walls of KL"... but Doran Martell is more patient. I like Doran because he is the opposite of Greyjoy. He is plotting wisely, any way, that he can deliver his family from backwater status.Remember: facts in the book declare that Dorne is the least populous kingdom of the realm, including the north.
1444	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-21	Jaime doesn't think Loras is better though- he specifically tells Loras that when Jaime was 15 (younger than Loras and presumably way off his peak) he was "stronger, faster and better". I'd give Loras 8 seconds against the likes of Jaime or Sandor
1445	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	OK so now your talking about honor, the discussion is about swordmenship.No, the discussion is about who Jaime was naming the big 3 who could kill him... not who we would rank as the best three.
1446	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	When I read the question as "who do you think HE meant": as in Jaime Lannister... I see things Jaime Lannister's way.
When the question is "Who do you personally think the most badass killers in ASOIAF are": = totally different answer.
1447	House Martell	2012-05-21	Tyrion sees them as a valuable ally because they are the only house who has not tried to kill a Lannister yet. Sure, Oberyn Martell plans on taking vengeance on the one who "splattered their queen's brain and her scion's brain on the walls of KL"... but Doran Martell is more patient. I like Doran because he is the opposite of Greyjoy. He is plotting wisely, any way, that he can deliver his family from backwater status. Remember: facts in the book declare that Dorne is the least populous kingdom of the realm, including the north.Oh boy, even in the show Cersi establishes that the Martells HATE the Lannisters, it is a purely a strategic move to gain a valuable ally.No, the discussion is about who Jaime was naming the big 3 who could kill him... not who we would rank as the best three.I'm saying I think in the show "Game of Thrones" the character of Oberyn Martell will be painted as a great fighter, it is purely speculation on my part but based on what HBO has done so far I think it's a fair assumption. And he may be in show Jamie's mind, He did emphasize "in all of Westeros" so that would lead me to believe he was including someone from a far off place (Dorne)
					
					
							Edited by House Martell, 21 May 2012 - 01:35 AM.
1448	Bourne	2012-05-21	No, the discussion is about who Jaime was naming the big 3 who could kill him... not who we would rank as the best three.Right. And the Clegane Brothers are both Lannister Bannerman. Jaime is pretty familiar with what Gregor is capabale of and there is no way he's not on the list.Jaime is also familiar with Sandor's prowess. The Hound was Cersei's bodyguard before being Joffrey's. I would bet Jaime and Sandor have sparred before. And Jaime saw Sandor fight the Mountain at the Tourney. Sandor is one of the three.Selmy is the living legend and Jaimes idol. He's the third.I can't think of anything Loras has done in the show or anything Jaime has said that would be evidence that Jaime thinks highly of his skill. He's doubtlessly more familiar with the reputation of his own bannerman.Loras isn't one of the three.
1449	PrinceHenryris	2012-05-21	Personally, I'd go with the Clegane brothers and the Red Viper:
Gregor is a fierce giant;
Sandor is burned, scarred, angry, and large; and 
If Oberyn manages to cut you even once you're dead.
1450	Stannis4Life	2012-05-21	1)Victarion Greyjoy- Has everyone forgotten about him.
2)Gregor Clegane- It seems everyone agrees
3)Sandor Clegane- Can't think of a third Jaime would know about.
Couldn't be Loras since Jaime doesn't start to respect him till AFFC.
Couldn't be modern barristan, he is too old to handle Jaime, maybe in his prime, but barristan always talks about how his skills are slowing, and Jaime would know and probably practiced with him.
Oberyn is not that respected as a fighter, people think he relies on poison and jaime despises combat without swords, hence his hatred of crossbows.
1451	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	Oh boy, even in the show Cersi establishes that the Martells HATE the Lannisters, it is a purely a strategic move to gain a valuable ally. I'm saying I think in the show "Game of Thrones" the character of Oberyn Martell will be painted as a great fighter, it is purely speculation on my part but based on what HBO has done so far I think it's a fair assumption. And he may be in show Jamie's mind, He did emphasize "in all of Westeros" so that would lead me to believe he was including someone from a far off place (Dorne)I think Oberyn Martell should be a "Hollywood star" cast. It's only 1 season, we want Joff and the mountain to die badly; but our hero will dye in brain crushing agony. There is no better part for a big Hollywood star to cast himself in an off-year in my opinion.Game of thrones may yet be known as the series where your favorite actor always dies when you least expect or always dies. It matters not no me... I just want the Martells fairly represented.
1452	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	Personally, I'd go with the Clegane brothers and the Red Viper: Gregor is a fierce giant; Sandor is burned, scarred, angry, and large; and If Oberyn manages to cut you even once you're dead.Then why does Cercei have even a prayer after book 5?
1453	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-21	All I know is most of my haters were Martell fans... how many of you were Stark fans until wait... the game of thrones is full of betrayals and backstabbing... when will you all just love the spider?
1454	AeonFrog	2012-05-21	1) Barristan "the Bold" Selmy
2) Gregor "the Mountain" Clegane
3) Sandor "the Hound" Clegane
While Loras is a skilled swordsman, he's predominantly a tourney knight not a hardened killer like the three men I've listed. Not to mention that he ends up taking a hot bath on his first major assignment in this war.
1455	Hyper	2012-05-21	I don't think Ser Barristan would stand a chance against Jaime - In the 'current' time. 15 years ago? Oh yes. Now? Nope.
My list:
 - The Mountain
 - The Hound
 - Red Viper
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 21 May 2012 - 02:32 AM.
1456	salt	2012-05-21	I would guess the Mountain, Oberyn, and Selmy.
1457	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-05-21	The Mountain, Red Viper, Barristan SelmyMy guesses as well.
1458	drigoly	2012-05-21	Barristan is too old to be still a real competion, Oberyn and Gregor Clegane for sure, i don't think that jaime knows Areo Hotah, so my guess on the third one is either the hound or Garland Tyrell
1459	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-21	Barristan is old but I think he would still be considered one of the best knights. 
Loras almost got ended by Gregor(can't remember if he had a sword with him or not), and he's more of a tourney guy. Also he's admitted to not being the best swordsman in his family. I'm also not sure how much time Jaime has spent around him to know if he's a good swordsman or not.
When he made that comment I took it as him meaning in a one on one swordfight. Not something like Oberyn vs The Mountain where you could choose your weopen. Also I don't recall Oberyn being well known as a great fighter.
I think the 3 would be Hound,Mountain and Baristan.
1460	insertname	2012-05-21	Definitely the Cleganes and Barristan.
Loras is good at swordfighting, but not incredible. He's better at jousting.
Oberyn is unknown as a fighter, at least at that time
And Barristan is not too old, he specifically says "Even now I could cut through the five of you like a piece of cake" to his fellow Kingsguards when he gets stripped of his rank. Some of it may be boasting(No one wins a fight against five serious swordsmen alone) but there must be some truth to it or he wouldn't say it.
1461	LordofWinter	2012-05-21	It's funny, the second he said that a friend and I both looked at each other and said "I wonder who he's" talking about. 
We figured by the way he said it, the men he was talking about are still alive. And not anybody of which we might be thinking. 
So I'd say, garlan tyrell, blackfish, areo hotah.
I'm not joking at all. Remember that Jaime has been part of the world of knights since he was 16. He knows more than we do, and the fighting prowess of these three always seems to be hinted at in a "if you really knew anything you'd know this guy kills shit for a living, but you don't"
1462	James Crow	2012-05-21	It's selmy and the cleganes.  Odds are Jamie's never seen the viper fight or at least hasn't in years.  He's been fooling around at the Citadel or in essos. I doubt he'd be welcome at tourney's after crippling the heir to highgarden
1463	The hairy bear	2012-05-21	I think Jaime's comment in this episode is taken from one of his first chapters in ASOS (from whose content is based the material in this episode). When Jaime fights Brienne, he thinks:She is stronger than I am. The realization chilled him. Robert had been stronger than him, to be sure. The White Bull Gerold Hightower as well, in his heyday, and Ser Arthur Dayne. Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountainâ<U+0080><U+0099>s strength was like nothing human. It did not matter. With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all. But this was a woman. A huge cow of a woman, to be sure, but even so ... by rights, she should be the one wearing down.
1464	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	given HBOs adaptation, clearly he is refering to Samwell Tarly, Reek and Lollys
1465	Serr Parker	2012-05-21	I'm going with:
Barristan Selmy: He was Jamie's idol when he was younger wasn't he?
Oberyn Martell: He's got the reputation of 'The Red Viper' and he's been fighting from when he was young
Gregor Clegane: Cersie picked him to fight in Tryion's trial, not Sandor so it would seem he's a better fighter. He's the older brother as well, big brother always wins
					
					
							Edited by Serr Parker, 21 May 2012 - 07:26 AM.
1466	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Sir Loras is a badass, yes. Ser Loras beat the mountain in Ned Stark's hound tourney. If Ser Loras can beat the mountain, he has a chance at beating Jaime. Ask yourself this: How much bigger is the mountain than Loras? Then this: how much bigger is Jaime than Loras? The show has painted him as a pansy who likes men, but don't let your prejudice against homosexuals and his defeat by Brienne make you think he isn't a respected dualist and fighter. Brienne is a beast and a beauty, but being beat by her is only a shame in the extremely sexist pre-enlightenment culture that medieval westeros is set.Ser Loras has close to no real battle experience at this point except for the men he cut down in a fit of rage after Renly's death, but compare that to the countless fights Jaime's been in. Loras beat the Mountain with a trick in a joust, not in a melee (which was what Jaime was referring to, unless you think he wanted Brienne to untie him so they could have a joust right there in the forest /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />) and was defeated by Brienne. Jaime goes on to give Brienne a tough time in a real fight while in chains, tired and underfed. Loras would be a somewhat worthy opponent, but Jaime would still come out on top. He's older and tougher while Ser Loras is still partially a boy. There's a reason modern fighting competitions have weight and age classes.I'd say he would be referring to the Cleganes and Ser Barristan from the show's point of view as the show has pretty much gone to some lengths to establish these guys as good fighters. From the book's point of view, it seems to me Bronze Yohn Royce carries quite a reputation. But he didn't say this in the book (not exactly, he was simply thinking of men who were better than him in terms of pure strength) so it's not really relevant.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 21 May 2012 - 07:23 AM.
1467	Serr Parker	2012-05-21	A bit of Tyrion's chapter in SoS:
"He knew the man only by reputation, to be sure... but the reputation was fearsome. When he 
was no more than sixteen, Prince Oberyn had been found abed with the paramour of old Lord 
Yronwood, a huge man of fierce repute and short temper. A duel ensued, though in view of the 
princeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s youth and high birth, it was only to first blood. Both men took cuts, and honor was 
satisfied. Yet Prince Oberyn soon recovered, while Lord Yronwoodâ<U+0080><U+0099>s wounds festered and killed 
him. Afterward men whispered that Oberyn had fought with a poisoned sword, and ever 
thereafter friends and foes alike called him the Red Viper."
So he is well known about the Kingdom, whether its enough for Jamie to think he has a chance is another thing though
1468	Reposado	2012-05-21	I don't thin that the character is actually coming up with a list, he's just saying threeish. But the names that are probbaly in his head are the cleganes and perhaps barristan. Loras is good with a lance, maybe the best, but in fight, i doubt Jaime thinks that he is better than those three
1469	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Seriously people? Loras? No.Loras isn't even as good as his own brother. He's a great jouster, but beating The Mountain in a joust does not equate to a swordfight. The mountain would crush Loras. As would Jaime.By my count, the only characters in the book who might stand a chance against Jaime are the Clegane brothers, Selmy, and Garlan Tyrell. Those are the four best fighters aside from Jaime.As Garlan hasn't been introduced in the show, Jaime was refering the The Hound, The Mountain, and Ser Grandfather.Absolutely correct.  Loras is a tourney knight.  The mountain was making short work of him in a real fight.  On option is beric dondarrion for the simple reason that it was known that he prettyuch couldnt be killed.  But that's not likely.My 3 are Barristan, Blackfish and the Mountain.  Jamie looked up to Blackfish and has a ton of respect for him.  No way loras or darkstar are one.
1470	Faraday	2012-05-21	Yeah, but Jaime knows he's afar better swordsman than the Blackfish? Where's the Blackfish ever mentioned as being proficent with the sword? Or better than good?
Both Clegane's and Barristan seem the obvious choices for the sword. If you're picking the Mountain the Sandor surely must be included? We've seen him cope with his brother (in tv canon) and well Jaime's worship of Barristan is evident in the show.
If we're talking about people not mentioned then I guess Oberyn is possible. I was under the impression was fairly good with the sword, despite the fact he used the spear against Gregor. Don't remember for sure though. (Since iirc Jaime specifically mentions the sword last night). Don't see why Loras tyrell would be in the mix. Both Clegane's would kill him.
1471	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-21	Obviously Barristan, Gregor and Loras.
1472	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	The Warrior, R'hllor and the Great Other, since no mortal man can bring down Jaime.
1473	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Except for Fat Zollo. Who is fat.
1474	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Yeah, but Jaime knows he's afar better swordsman than the Blackfish? Where's the Blackfish ever mentioned as being proficent with the sword? Or better than good? Both Clegane's and Barristan seem the obvious choices for the sword. If you're picking the Mountain the Sandor surely must be included? We've seen him cope with his brother (in tv canon) and well Jaime's worship of Barristan is evident in the show. If we're talking about people not mentioned then I guess Oberyn is possible. I was under the impression was fairly good with the sword, despite the fact he used the spear against Gregor. Don't remember for sure though. (Since iirc Jaime specifically mentions the sword last night). Don't see why Loras tyrell would be in the mix. Both Clegane's would kill him.I can't tell you exactly where it was said, but I was going off the respect Jamie had for Blackfish. He said something but I can't remember. I'm perfectly fine with the Cleganes and Barristan, but Jamie did state that The MOuntain had otherworldly strength, moreso than anyone else in the 7 kingdoms, so that's why I included him and not Sandor.  Jamie prob thinks he's too fast for Sandor.Now if Jamie ever heard of Strong Belwas, then he would have said 4. MAybe if he thought Syrio was still alive, syrio would be the third with Barristan and MOuntain.
1475	Just another Snow flake	2012-05-21	I can't quite see how any one who has read the books could really put forward Loras as a potential equal for Jaime... I can only see the Cleganes and Barristan(despite his age-would still be able to whop Loras back into his crib) being able to rival him.
1476	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	Except for Fat Zollo. Who is fat.Cheap trickery. Still, I forgot that Zollo is still alive. Jaime needs to rectify that in TWOW.
1477	Morvran	2012-05-21	Where are so many people pulling "and obviously Loras" from?  In the book he's a great tourney knight, but his view of his own swordsmanship is about as inflated as Sansa's view of his swordsmanship.  He's brave, but if I remember correctly even he mentions he's not the best in his own family.  And in the show, we've seen him win a JOUST with the Mountain and get saved by Sandor.  
As for the three...Barristen Selmy for sure.  I want to say the Mountain is one, but at the same time we know Jaime respects Gregor's strength, but does he think Gregor would best him in a duel?  I'm not so sure.  I'd bet Jaime is more wary of Sandor than Gregor actually.  As for the third.....his father?  <----mainly kidding, though I think Tywin has instilled the fear of God in his oldest son.
1478	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	Pretty sure Jaime reflects on Sandor being an utter monster to fight, moving with the sort of blazing speed that no man of his size should possess. Jaime's own strengths lie in, by his own admission, "speed and skill," so yeah. Sandor is probably one.
1479	chris999	2012-05-21	Barristan and both Cleganes I am guessing.
1480	Rockroi	2012-05-21	I think what has to be recalled is that Jaime i saying that they could just "have a chance" against him, not defeat him.  So, even if Jaime would ultimately win, I think the field can include somebody like Barristan Selmy who I think Jaime could defeat but that Jaime would know is still exceptionally dangerous.A few people have mentioned Obyren Martel.  For starters, even in the books we say Martel defeat exactly zero people.  I mean, if you include the stable-boy that the Mountain cleaved in two when the OverRatED Viper moved.  I don't think Jaime thinks too highly of the Viper- Jaime would never poison anyone and probably does not think too highly of men who do.  Secondly- and maybe more germaine to this discussion - we don't even know if Obyren Martel exists in this universe.  In our minds he does- we read about him dying like a punk and everything - but I treat the show like an "Alternate Universe" SoIaFand in this universe maybe Obyren ain't around. What about Loras?  Meh... Jaime probably does not think Loras would be good in an actual fight; in a tourney and riding a horse, Loras is second-to-none.  But when life and death are at stake?  I mean, who is better than Jaime in Jaime's mind?  Not a tourney knight, for certain. Here is who I think it is:1. Barristan Selmy: Jaime speaks highly of Selmy both to his face and about him to other people.  To Jaime Selmy is a legend in his own time and Jaime only thinks that way about one other person- himself. 2. Gregor Clegane:  Remember, he need only stand a chance and Gregor's freakish size, strength and endurance must weigh heavily on Jaime's mind. 3.  The Hound: I am not certain about this one, but Sandor is a killing machine, cold, merciless and decisive.  Jaime has undoubtedly seen Sandor in action and could vouch for all this. Its just a guess though.  Maybe Jaime just threw out a number (in the same way we would say "I have told you a thousand times..." when we do not actually mean a thousand).  Maybe he was trying to scare her; maybe Jaime just likes to talk.  BUt if there are three men who could challenge Jaime Lannister it would be these three.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 21 May 2012 - 11:35 AM.
1481	Top Notch Balanter	2012-05-21	I think he is talking about Robb Stark and Stannis Baratheon are two of them because the way the show works the kings are great warriors aswell
i do think the other one is Barristan the Bold because well lets face it he is a machine
1482	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	I think what has to be recalled is that Jaime i saying that they could just "have a chance" against him, not defeat him. So, even if Jaime would ultimately win, I think the field can include somebody like Barristan Selmy who I think Jaime could defeat but that Jaime would know is still exceptionally dangerous. A few people have mentioned Obyren Martel. For starters, even in the books we say Martel defeat exactly zero people. I mean, if you include the stable-boy that the Mountain cleaved in two when the OverRatED Viper moved. I don't think Jaime thinks too highly of the Viper- Jaime would never poison anyone and probably does not think too highly of men who do. Secondly- and maybe more germaine to this discussion - we don't even know if Obyren Martel exists in this universe. In our minds he does- we read about him dying like a punk and everything - but I treat the show like an "Alternate Universe" SoIaFand in this universe maybe Obyren ain't around. What about Loras? Meh... Jaime probably does not think Loras would be good in an actual fight; in a tourney and riding a horse, Loras is second-to-none. But when life and death are at stake? I mean, who is better than Jaime in Jaime's mind? Not a tourney knight, for certain. Here is who I think it is: 1. Barristan Selmy: Jaime speaks highly of Selmy both to his face and about him to other people. To Jaime Selmy is a legend in his own time and Jaime only thinks that way about one other person- himself. 2. Gregor Clegane: Remember, he need only stand a chance and Gregor's freakish size, strength and endurance must weigh heavily on Jaime's mind. 3. The Hound: I am not certain about this one, but Sandor is a killing machine, cold, merciless and decisive. Jaime has undoubtedly seen Sandor in action and could vouch for all this. Its just a guess though. Maybe Jaime just threw out a number (in the same way we would say "I have told you a thousand times..." when we do not actually mean a thousand). Maybe he was trying to scare her; maybe Jaime just likes to talk. BUt if there are three men who could challenge Jaime Lannister it would be these three.Technically Martell drew with Gregor, not bad considering to only other person who gave him any trouble was Sandor and that was a no-contest.  Stopped by referee.
1483	Faraday	2012-05-21	I can't tell you exactly where it was said, but I was going off the respect Jamie had for Blackfish.As a tactician, yes. Remember in Feast where the Blackfish refuses to a duel? (I swear this happened didn't it). He knows he cannot beat Jaime at his best, and is weary of Jaime with one hand gone. I think Gregor has to be in the discussion.Sure he's a brute, and all that but fuck he's a dangerous brute. There's no question in my mind the Hound is one, though.And yeah - there probably was some hyperbole in there, I'm sure there are more than 3 men with a chance of beating him but still.
1484	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	As a tactician, yes. Remember in Feast where the Blackfish refuses to a duel? (I swear this happened didn't it). He knows he cannot beat Jaime at his best, and is weary of Jaime with one hand gone. I think Gregor has to be in the discussion.Sure he's a brute, and all that but fuck he's a dangerous brute. There's no question in my mind the Hound is one, though. And yeah - there probably was some hyperbole in there, I'm sure there are more than 3 men with a chance of beating him but still.He didn't accept the duel because he didn't trust that Jamie had the clout to end the siege after Blackfish killed him in combat.  Blackfish stated he woul kill Jamie especially with one hand is how I remember it.  Prob have to re-read now!Again, I have no prob with The Hound, Barriston, and The Mountain being the three as I would favor all three over Jamie with his good hand (already analyzed in the forum games section under PFP fighters in the books).  I probably wouldn't favor Blackfish, I would have Syrio even money with Jamie.
1485	Fat Mac	2012-05-21	I dont think Jaime was referring to Oberyn. Oberyn is Dornish, and as we know the Dornish usually keep to themselves. I doubt Jaime has seen Oberyn in years, and he probably doesn't cross his mind too often. Same goes for Victarion Greyjoy, whoever mentioned him. He's obvioussly talking about Walder Frey, Wyman Manderly and Janos Slynt
But seriously, I'd assume he is speaking of Barristan, and possibly one or both of the Cleganes.
Side note: Didn't they say Randyll Tarly was the best soldier in the realm? Or did that factor in leadership as well?
1486	Trinket2	2012-05-21	Will have to go with Ser Grandfather and the dogs on this one.No doubt Loras is a good fighter, but he's not that good.
					
					
							Edited by Trinket2, 21 May 2012 - 12:42 PM.
1487	King Stannis	2012-05-21	Barristan Selmy and the Cleganes, particularly given this is the show and not the books
1488	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-21	the Gregor Clegane of season 2 does not look like he could defeat either Jaime or Sandor IMO
1489	Vandalism	2012-05-21	One word. Ros.
Because no matter what you do to her, she's there in the next episode.
1490	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	I dont think Jaime was referring to Oberyn. Oberyn is Dornish, and as we know the Dornish usually keep to themselves. I doubt Jaime has seen Oberyn in years, and he probably doesn't cross his mind too often. Same goes for Victarion Greyjoy, whoever mentioned him. He's obvioussly talking about Walder Frey, Wyman Manderly and Janos Slynt But seriously, I'd assume he is speaking of Barristan, and possibly one or both of the Cleganes. Side note: Didn't they say Randyll Tarly was the best soldier in the realm? Or did that factor in leadership as well?I thik that was as a general, like Ned or Twyin.  Tarly does have a famous Valyerian steel blade though
1491	LordofWinter	2012-05-21	.....SER ILLYN PAYNE!!!!!! THE BADDEST MAN IN WESTEROS
1492	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-21	My list (in no particular order)
Barristan Selmy
Mountain
Hound
1493	Milcov	2012-05-21	I may be bias about Oberyn, but.
He has a big reputation that someone like Jaime would recognise
He's known for having his own mercenary company
Killing a Lord in a duel at age 12 with poison
Fighting in Essos
Cersei shows doubt when she finds out Oberyn is fighting for Tyrion, Jaime may or may not have been referring to Oberyn. I'd guess he was probably saying the Cleganes and Barristan, but based on his strength book comments I'd say it's more Barristan, Oberyn and maybe someone such as Garlan. That's assuming we rule out all the people in his strength thoughts.
1494	greensleeves	2012-05-21	It's strange how everyone remembers Loras beating Gregor but no one mentions that Sandor beat Jaime at that same tourney.  It wasn't even a surprise: Renly bet on the hound and Littlefinger only bet against him because he thought Sandor would purposefully throw the match for his employer. It's also worth noting that unlike Loras, Sandor is definitely not a tourney knight.
I think the Hound is one of the three and probably Gregor too.
1495	lorrd pytyr peristalsis	2012-05-21	Edd Tollet
O. Kettleblack
Penny
1496	Bourne	2012-05-21	I'm pretty sure his comment in the books about strength was to point out that he would beat anyone, even the people stronger than him. Garlan, Oberyn, Barristan, Loras, etc. weren't included because they aren't as strong as Jaime, not because he didn't think he would beat them.
Jaime would easily beat Oberyn or Loras.
Garlan and Barristan might be more challenging, but they would lose too.
1497	HODOR! HODOR!!	2012-05-21	I'm guessing it was most likely Barristan, Gregor, and Sandor, but Oberyn could easily be swapped with any of them.  Everyone who completely discounts Oberyn as just someone who poisons people seem to be forgetting that he completely outclassed Gregor.  He was way too fast and way too skilled.  The poison he used was also thickened as to make it slow acting and increase Gregor's suffering, which makes me unsure if the poison had any immediate effect on the fight.  What everyone can be sure of, however, is that Oberyn used his superior skill to stab Gregor multiple times with his spear and would easily have won if not for being a complete moron at the end.
					
					
							Edited by HODOR! HODOR!!, 21 May 2012 - 02:10 PM.
1498	Talleyrand	2012-05-21	I think you guys are really overrating Loras. He is a great tourney knight, but is not as good a fighter. A lot of people like to defend his loss to Brienne by saying she cheated, but all is fair in a fight to the death, and Jaime has less regard for honor than Brienne, so he would definitely cheat in a fight. I agree with you on the Loras being overrated but it wasn't that the move counted as "cheating" It was that the move she used would have maimed her and left her in crippling pain if she used it in a real fight - leaving her open to any attack from Loras.
1499	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-21	Sir Loras is a badass, yes. Ser Loras beat the mountain in Ned Stark's hound tourney. If Ser Loras can beat the mountain, he has a chance at beating Jaime. Ask yourself this: How much bigger is the mountain than Loras? Then this: how much bigger is Jaime than Loras? The show has painted him as a pansy who likes men, but don't let your prejudice against homosexuals and his defeat by Brienne make you think he isn't a respected dualist and fighter.Loras himself states in the books to Sansa that his brother Garlan is better than he is with a sword, though he (Loras) is better with a lance. Jaime with two hands was universally regarded as one of the finest swordsmen in the realm.
1500	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	I agree with you on the Loras being overrated but it wasn't that the move counted as "cheating" It was that the move she used would have maimed her and left her in crippling pain if she used it in a real fight - leaving her open to any attack from Loras.Which means she would have probably chosen to outmaneuver him in another way in a real fight. The situation was the same for the both of them.
1501	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	It's strange how everyone remembers Loras beating Gregor but no one mentions that Sandor beat Jaime at that same tourney.  It wasn't even a surprise: Renly bet on the hound and Littlefinger only bet against him because he thought Sandor would purposefully throw the match for his employer. It's also worth noting that unlike Loras, Sandor is definitely not a tourney knight.I think the Hound is one of the three and probably Gregor too.What does this have to do with it?
1502	Pellaeon	2012-05-21	Barristan
Gregor
Loras or Sandor
1503	greensleeves	2012-05-21	What does this have to do with it?I'm not really sure what you mean.  People were using the tournament to justify including Loras (for defeating the mountain) but not Sandor (who defeated the actual guy the thread is about defeating).
1504	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-21	Jousts are a whole different thing and skill than swordfights, and Jaime was clearly talking about swordfighting, so the jousts aren't really all that relevant I must say. Barristan and the Cleganes seem like the most recurring names and this must be correct especially when using Show-knowledge. It's just a spinoff of the internal monologue Jaime had when he thought of which men were stronger than him in terms of pure strength which wouldn't have worked in a dialogue, especially 'cos some of the characters he mentions we barely know. I suspect he would also respect the skills of his Sworn brothers Balon Swann (who won the melee) and Mandon Moore who he said was the most dangerous of the King's Guard because he couldn't read him (reading your opponent is very important, ask Syrio Forel) but since these characters are extremely obscure as well the guy writing the script must have had Barristan + Cleganes in mind as well.
1505	Ser Tom	2012-05-21	Technically Martell drew with Gregor, not bad considering to only other person who gave him any trouble was Sandor and that was a no-contest. Stopped by referee.That was in no way a draw, Gregor was still alive and Martell was dead with a crushed skull. The Mountain won.There's no way he's thinking of the red viper, Jaime would have the same respect for a poisoner as he's got for archers/crossbow men.I'd agree with the previous posts, Mountain, Hound and Bold.
1506	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	I'm not really sure what you mean.  People were using the tournament to justify including Loras (for defeating the mountain) but not Sandor (who defeated the actual guy the thread is about defeating).They make no sense either, jousting tourneys have nothing to do with shat jamie was talking about in the scene.
1507	Milcov	2012-05-21	That was in no way a draw, Gregor was still alive and Martell was dead with a crushed skull. The Mountain won. There's no way he's thinking of the red viper, Jaime would have the same respect for a poisoner as he's got for archers/crossbow men. I'd agree with the previous posts, Mountain, Hound and Bold.Oberyn can't be discounted as a poisoner. He fought in Essos and formed a mercenary company. His reputation is up there with anyone, he isn't some subtle poisoner who laces food, he just puts it on his weapons. And it was very clear that Oberyn was a much better fighter than Gregor.
1508	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	That was in no way a draw, Gregor was still alive and Martell was dead with a crushed skull. The Mountain won.There's no way he's thinking of the red viper, Jaime would have the same respect for a poisoner as he's got for archers/crossbow men.I'd agree with the previous posts, Mountain, Hound and Bold.They both died because of the battle, hence "draw".Its semantics, but the mountain was clearly outfought during the fight, but he managed to pull out the draw. Both oberyn and the mountain died at the other person's hands directly as a result of their fight.
1509	greensleeves	2012-05-21	They make no sense either, jousting tourneys have nothing to do with shat jamie was talking about in the scene.I don't know... There does seem to be a pretty strong correlation between acknowledged talent in battle and performance in that jousting tourney.  In other words, everyone who is good in battle excelled in that tourney (Selmy, Jaime, the Mountain, the Hound,...).  Thus there does seem to be some connection.  Ser Loras might be seen as an outlier because he specifically trains to be very good at jousting (he's something of a specialist).
1510	Queen Regent	2012-05-21	I was really hoping that he'd name Loras in front of Brienne, so that she could let him in on her little secret, that she out did him. 
Maybe it'll happen in the future?!
1511	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-21	I hope not because, regardless of the fact that I think that even in the TV show Jaime would ice Loras, it would be so out of character for Jaime to think that gay (I'd like to point out I'm not being homophobic- I'm saying Jaime and most other men in Westeros are), whiny Loras who cheats at jousting, hasn't fought a battle or killed a man and is slower, less experienced and smaller than himself would stand a chance? The man is arrogance personified, at least extrovertly and at this point! For him to back someone as in his league, they are going to need something special
1512	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	I don't know... There does seem to be a pretty strong correlation between acknowledged talent in battle and performance in that jousting tourney.  In other words, everyone who is good in battle excelled in that tourney (Selmy, Jaime, the Mountain, the Hound,...).  Thus there does seem to be some connection.  Ser Loras might be seen as an outlier because he specifically trains to be very good at jousting (he's something of a specialist).Fair point, in loras' case, i think he admits that garlan is a better sword than he is.  Robert was a terrible lance but excelled in battle and we know nothung beats experience-and disposition.  The cleganes are just brutal, and loras was getting brutalized by the mountain when they actually fought.
1513	Ser Tom	2012-05-21	Agreed Mulled Wino, Gregor was out fought but Oberyn was killed and Tyrion lost his eggs. The Mountain might have been carried off the field but he was still alive. If anyone killed him it was Qyburn IMO. Seems pretty black and white to me. 
Sorry Awesome Oberyn but I think from The Kingslayers perspective he wouldn't see the difference. I don't think putting poison on your weapons would sit well with Jaime's distorted sense of honor, He'd probably think it was weak.
Not wanting to de-rail the thread but I think I'm still a bit gutted Oberyn lost. As Tyrion said/thought  "my life was in his hands and he dropped it".
1514	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Agreed Mulled Wino, Gregor was out fought but Oberyn was killed and Tyrion lost his eggs. The Mountain might have been carried off the field but he was still alive. If anyone killed him it was Qyburn IMO. Seems pretty black and white to me. Sorry Awesome Oberyn but I think from The Kingslayers perspective he wouldn't see the difference. I don't think putting poison on your weapons would sit well with Jaime's distorted sense of honor, He'd probably think it was weak.Not wanting to de-rail the thread but I think I'm still a bit gutted Oberyn lost. As Tyrion said/thought  "my life was in his hands and he dropped it".Me too, i wanted the mountain to go down.I think its explained later that there was no way clegane could survive the poison the vioer used.  If anything qyburn made te mountain some sort of undead guy.
1515	Died a Hero	2012-05-21	For the most part I see people using the Clegane brothers and Ser Grandfather. Which is fine, but I don't think Jamie considers the Mountain a peer at all. He's freakishly large and a complete psychopath, but that doesn't make him a great fighter. The only entree that I've seen that would rival The Red Viper is Victarion Greyjoy, but I don't think Jamie would consider someone who wasn't even willing to test their mantel in a tourney worth his time. Granted, he was just talking about a one on one fight, which I think Victarion could hold his own, but I doubt Jamie would think the same. Ironborn trash and all. 
And for Ser Loras...he's not even the best fighter in his own family and never saw a battlefield until Dragonstone. And we all know how that worked out. Plus he's a child in Jamie's eyes. There's no way he would even think of him as a worthy adversary.
1516	Istari	2012-05-21	I'm going with: Barristan Selmy: He was Jamie's idol when he was younger wasn't he? Oberyn Martell: He's got the reputation of 'The Red Viper' and he's been fighting from when he was young Gregor Clegane: Cersie picked him to fight in Tryion's trial, not Sandor so it would seem he's a better fighter. He's the older brother as well, big brother always winsBut by this time the Hound was an outlaw, I think - and what I'm about to say is in no way novel - that the three men are:- Barristan Selmy - Barristan the Bold is a mighty warrior - one who Jamie looks up too... (but perhaps, now that he is no longer in his prime, Oberyn could take his place on this list)- Gregor Clegane - because he's the fucking Mountain that Rides- Sandor Clegane - IIRC a couple of different POV characters (i'm almost positive that Jamie is one of these few) have remarked upon The Hound's prowess with a sword with significant awe and fear Perhaps Oberyn could take Barristan's place on my list. However, I don't think that Jamie considers him to be a serious threat. Jamie has witness both of the Clegane brothers in a fighting scenario, as well as Barristan. Oberyn, on the other hand, is too distant. In my opinion, Jamie underestimates his skill because, well, he's down in Dorne.I don't know why people keep thinking Loras is one of these three. Yes, he's young, he's wonderful, kicked ass at Ned's tourney, blah, blah, blah....but - and my recollection may not be 100 correct, so help me out if I'm mistaken - Jamie appreciates Loras because he reminds Jamie of himself at that age, and because of his considerable talent and potential. But as far as I'm concerned, Jamie doesn't fear Loras...Edit: added Loras stuff
					
					
							Edited by istari, 21 May 2012 - 08:05 PM.
1517	Rob the God	2012-05-22	What the hell? Jaime says in Feast that Loras is like him only not as strong and not as fast. Loras is not near the actual top tiers yet. 
Guess the 3 he means are Baristan, Cleganes, maybe Oberyan ( real knows him as a dangerous fighter)
1518	Milcov	2012-05-22	Agreed Mulled Wino, Gregor was out fought but Oberyn was killed and Tyrion lost his eggs. The Mountain might have been carried off the field but he was still alive. If anyone killed him it was Qyburn IMO. Seems pretty black and white to me. Sorry Awesome Oberyn but I think from The Kingslayers perspective he wouldn't see the difference. I don't think putting poison on your weapons would sit well with Jaime's distorted sense of honor, He'd probably think it was weak. Not wanting to de-rail the thread but I think I'm still a bit gutted Oberyn lost. As Tyrion said/thought "my life was in his hands and he dropped it".It's pretty explicitly stated that Oberyn killed Gregor with the poison.Gregor won the fight technically but he was outmatched and left dying, probably even without the poison with all the blood he'd have lost, even Gregor can't lose loads of blood and live.He'd probably look down on his use of poison but, fighting in Essos with your own mercenary company would give him the reputation as a fighter in war, something Jaime would respect far more than tourneys. And then he's probably a capable jouster, we know he takes part as he crippled Willas Tyrell.And it definitely isn't Loras.
1519	Morvran	2012-05-22	It's strange how everyone remembers Loras beating Gregor but no one mentions that Sandor beat Jaime at that same tourney.Agree...but what's equally strange is that so many people seem to forget that Loras defeated Gregor in a JOUST, not a sword fight.  And that in both the book and the show, Loras is extremely distraught to find himself attacked by a seething Gregor.
1520	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-22	Barristan, the Hound and the Mountain.
I doubt Jamie would see Loras Tyrell as his equal.
1521	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-22	I doubt Jamie would see Loras Tyrell as his equal.Or Oberyn. We as readers know the guy is all sorts of badass after his breakout fight with Gregor, but in-verse he's only known for a formidable sexual appetite, and... poisoning his weapons to get cheap wins.
1522	scurvy	2012-05-22	and no "wench" this episodeThey have him brain his cousin but he can't call her wench.  Very odd indeed.
1523	Faraday	2012-05-22	the Gregor Clegane of season 2 does not look like he could defeat either Jaime or Sandor IMO/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> shut up, that's a faceless man in training. REAL GREGOR will return (hopefully).I think calling the Oberyn/Gregor duel a draw...is a fucking massive stretch. Gregor won the duel...mostly because Oberyn died right there? Gregor died from poison - sure he might have died from blood loss but we don't know that. It's still Sandor, Gregor and Barristan.Actually it's hyperbole - there are more than 3 people with a chance of beating Jaime. But those 3 all certainly fit the bill of having a chance of beating Jaime.
1524	camradio	2012-05-22	My guess would be Barristan, the mountain and the hound. I would say Oberyn Martell would be a close runner up.
1525	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Oberyn is a heir to a House held in no regard by anyone except for Tyrion, which it was smart for him to send her there in the first place. The enemy of your enemies is you friend!NB: In English, we say â<U+0080><U+009C>an heirâ<U+0080><U+009D> but â<U+0080><U+009C>a hairâ<U+0080><U+009D>.And no, Oberyn is not heir to House Martell. Arianne is, and after her her brothers. Uncles come after children.
1526	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	My guess would be Barristan, the mountain and the hound. I would say Oberyn Martell would be a close runner up.In the books, Jaime says he can beat either Clegane brother.  Next.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 12:08 PM.
1527	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	They both died because of the battle, hence "draw". Its semantics, ...And what, pray tell, are â<U+0080><U+009C>semanticsâ<U+0080><U+009D>?  Are not semantics the very meaning of the thing?  And without common meaning, can there by any real communication?  Of course not!  Semantics are anything but a trifling matter of little import; indeed, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re everything, for  semantics are in fact nothing less than the essential baseline understanding without which all words are as wind.Or as Humpty Dumpty told Alice:'Certainly,' said Alice.'And only one for birthday presents, you know. There's glory for you!''I don't know what you mean by "glory",' Alice said.Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously. 'Of course you don't â<U+0080><U+0094> till I tell you. I meant "there's a nice knock-down argument for you!"''But "glory" doesn't mean "a nice knock-down argument",' Alice objected.'When I use a word,' Humpty Dumpty said, in rather a scornful tone, 'it means just what I choose it to mean â<U+0080><U+0094> neither more nor less.''The question is,' said Alice, 'whether you can make words mean so many different things.''The question is,' said Humpty Dumpty, 'which is to be master â<U+0080><U+0094> that's all.'Alice was too much puzzled to say anything; so after a minute Humpty Dumpty began again. 'They've a temper, some of them â<U+0080><U+0094> particularly verbs: they're the proudest â<U+0080><U+0094> adjectives you can do anything with, but not verbs â<U+0080><U+0094> however, I can manage the whole lot of them! Impenetrability! That's what I say!''Would you tell me please,' said Alice, 'what that means?''Now you talk like a reasonable child,' said Humpty Dumpty, looking very much pleased. 'I meant by "impenetrability" that we've had enough of that subject, and it would be just as well if you'd mention what you mean to do next, as I suppose you don't mean to stop here all the rest of your life.''That's a great deal to make one word mean,' Alice said in a thoughtful tone.'When I make a word do a lot of work like that,' said Humpty Dumpty, 'I always pay it extra.'
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 12:21 PM.
1528	unRobert	2012-05-22	Of course, like many my initial reaction was to assume it was Bold and the Dogs.
But, I think he may even elaborate on this before the season is out/early next season. And if so, it could be a good way to introduce the Red Viper for the first time. A comment by Jamie that the Martell prince could potentially best him would exemplify the danger of said Dornish snake.
1529	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-22	I just rewatched the Jaime and Brienne scene and was wondering the same thing.
When I think back to Jaime reading the kingsguard book, I remember him having this massive respect for his peers and forebearers. A man very much enamoured by men who do war and do it well. Dayne was often held up as the epitome of the perfect knight in the way he fought, pretty much the same could be said for Barristan.
I can't remember. was Oberyn ever really held with such esteem in terms of his prowess in battle? Trying to think back to Tyrion's chapters when he had inner-monologues about the legend of the Red Viper. It doesn't ring any bells. I thought the RV was more legendary for his intelligence, cunning and numerous, poisonous offspring.
I mean, there's tough bastards up and down Westeros who could be included. Randyll Tarly, the Cleganes, even Ned Stark. But I don't think any of them came close to perfecting the art of war in the way those "legendary" knights of old did. So you'd have to say Barristan, perhaps Loras and...? Bah, who knows.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 22 May 2012 - 05:32 PM.
1530	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	He just said could potentially beat him, that doesn't necessarily mean he feels they would.  I would guess it's the Cleganes, but he only thinks they would have a chance to beat him not that he wouldn't defeat them in the end.
1531	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t possibly imagine Jaime thinking Loras a threat to him, even though he thinks of Loras as a younger version of himself.
1532	Xanrn	2012-05-22	He would include Ned in the TV series, but I doubt it was one of the three.
Before he probably would have said 4 men.
1533	Triskan	2012-05-22	I haven't read the whole thread, so forgive me if this has already been thrown out there but...:
Perhaps it wasn't meant that he literally has a list of three in his head.  It could be that he's just throwing out an arbitrary number that's really small (i.e., I'm that good).
1534	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-23	I haven't read the whole thread, so forgive me if this has already been thrown out there but...: Perhaps it wasn't meant that he literally has a list of three in his head. It could be that he's just throwing out an arbitrary number that's really small (i.e., I'm that good).That did cross my mind. Fun to try and guess though.
1535	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	In the books, Jaime says he can beat either Clegane brother.  Next.Purist.
1536	Howdyphillip	2012-05-23	Hodor was obviously one choice as he met him at Winterfell when he went up with King Robert.
1537	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	And what, pray tell, are â<U+0080><U+009C>semanticsâ<U+0080><U+009D>? Are not semantics the very meaning of the thing? And without common meaning, can there by any real communication? Of course not! Semantics are anything but a trifling matter of little import; indeed, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re everything, for semantics are in fact nothing less than the essential baseline understanding without which all words are as wind. Or as Humpty Dumpty told Alice: 'Certainly,' said Alice. 'And only one for birthday presents, you know. There's glory for you!' 'I don't know what you mean by "glory",' Alice said. Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously. 'Of course you don't â<U+0080><U+0094> till I tell you. I meant "there's a nice knock-down argument for you!"' 'But "glory" doesn't mean "a nice knock-down argument",' Alice objected. 'When I use a word,' Humpty Dumpty said, in rather a scornful tone, 'it means just what I choose it to mean â<U+0080><U+0094> neither more nor less.' 'The question is,' said Alice, 'whether you can make words mean so many different things.' 'The question is,' said Humpty Dumpty, 'which is to be master â<U+0080><U+0094> that's all.' Alice was too much puzzled to say anything; so after a minute Humpty Dumpty began again. 'They've a temper, some of them â<U+0080><U+0094> particularly verbs: they're the proudest â<U+0080><U+0094> adjectives you can do anything with, but not verbs â<U+0080><U+0094> however, I can manage the whole lot of them! Impenetrability! That's what I say!' 'Would you tell me please,' said Alice, 'what that means?' 'Now you talk like a reasonable child,' said Humpty Dumpty, looking very much pleased. 'I meant by "impenetrability" that we've had enough of that subject, and it would be just as well if you'd mention what you mean to do next, as I suppose you don't mean to stop here all the rest of your life.' 'That's a great deal to make one word mean,' Alice said in a thoughtful tone. 'When I make a word do a lot of work like that,' said Humpty Dumpty, 'I always pay it extra.'Either way, its still a draw.  They both killed each other.  Timing doesn't matter.  Its not like it was a boxing match.  Fight to the death, they both die.  DRAW
1538	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-23	Bronn
1539	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> shut up, that's a faceless man in training. REAL GREGOR will return (hopefully). I think calling the Oberyn/Gregor duel a draw...is a fucking massive stretch. Gregor won the duel...mostly because Oberyn died right there? Gregor died from poison - sure he might have died from blood loss but we don't know that. It's still Sandor, Gregor and Barristan. Actually it's hyperbole - there are more than 3 people with a chance of beating Jaime. But those 3 all certainly fit the bill of having a chance of beating Jaime.its a stretch for sure, but not a massive fuckin stretch.  Gregor died as a direct result of the duel, so he died at the hands of the Red Viper.
1540	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Bronnnot bad. Syrio Forel
1541	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	Either way, its still a draw. They both killed each other. Timing doesn't matter. Its not like it was a boxing match. Fight to the death, they both die. DRAWStrange that they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t consider Tyrion exonerated then, since the Crownâ<U+0080><U+0099>s champion was killed.
1542	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	not bad. Syrio Forel Doubt jaime had even heard of him.Strange that they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t consider Tyrion exonerated then, since the Crownâ<U+0080><U+0099>s champion was killed.Which to the discussion of the fight itself is a pointless comment.
					
					
							Edited by Â<U+008A>edA1 vlk2375, 23 May 2012 - 10:16 AM.
1543	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	double
					
					
							Edited by Â<U+008A>edA1 vlk2375, 23 May 2012 - 10:17 AM.
1544	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Strange that they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t consider Tyrion exonerated then, since the Crownâ<U+0080><U+0099>s champion was killed.Tyrion had already escaped and killed his father and Shae. They're not going to overturn the original verdict after that.
1545	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Doubt jaime had even heard of him.He may never have, but he might have.He does clearly say in the books that he's too fast for the Cleganes, so I'm searching for other options.  Although there is the argument that any top 10 killing machine would always think in his head that he can and will beat anyone, but he can still respect the Cleganes more than anyone else and name them part of his top 3 bet competition. Too bad Jamie's about to go from top 5 to top 200,000.
1546	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-23	Just sayin' in case you're interested in who he meant to know who the best fighters are, there's probably a much larger number than 3 fighters who could *potentially* defeat Jaime. This doesn't mean they're better, but they would stand a chance and give him a fight and thus would be worth considering. It's also very likely Jaime hasn't heard of more than half of them yet, especially not those from the Iron Islands or the Night's Watch.KL: Barristan Selmy, Balon Swann, BronnCleganes: Gregor, Sandor (obviously, what he says is he thinks they are better than him in terms of pure strength but he thinks he's faster, not that he's certain to beat them. Any man to say that would be a fool)Highgarden: Garlan Tyrell, Loras Tyrell, Randyll TarlyIron Islands: Andrik the Unsmiling, Harras Harlaw, Black Lorren, Victarion GreyjoyEyrie: Lyn Corbray, Bronze Yon RoyceNorth: Greatjon UmberDorne: Red Viper (I don't care what anyone says... he was impressive against the Mountain), Areoh HotahEast: Ser JorahNight's Watch: Donall Noye, Qhorin Halfhand, YorenOther: Thoros Of Myr... He did win the melee.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 23 May 2012 - 06:30 PM.
1547	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-23	Too bad Jamie's about to go from top 5 to top 200,000.Hah, he might go all "woe is me" post-amputation but I reckon he could still kill most men with his bare hand or with a knife.
1548	greensleeves	2012-05-23	In the books, Jaime says he can beat either Clegane brother.  Next.He does clearly say in the books that he's too fast for the Cleganes, so I'm searching for other options.Cleganes: Gregor, Sandor (obviously, what he says is he thinks they are better than him in terms of pure strength but he thinks he's faster, not that he's certain to beat them. Any man to say that would be a fool)Where in the books is this?
1549	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-23	Storm Of Swords, one of his early chapters with Brienne, I think. He's thinking of people who have more strength than he does, then concludes he can still beat them all 'cos he thinks he's faster. That he thinks so doesn't mean it's true as some people are concluding.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 23 May 2012 - 06:33 PM.
1550	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	Where in the books is this?She is stronger than I am. The realization chilled him. Robert had been stronger than him, to be sure. The White Bull Gerold Hightower as well, in his heyday, and Ser Arthur Dayne. Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountainâ<U+0080><U+0099>s strength was like nothing human. It did not matter. With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all. But this was a woman. A huge cow of a woman, to be sure, but even so. . . by rights, she should be the one wearing down.
1551	Tyrion Blackfyre	2012-05-23	One has to be Cersei, I mean she's one of the only people to best Jaime's sword
tyrionsmirk.jpg
1552	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-23	Who were they? The Mountain, the Hound and Barristan. No question. Definitely not the Viper or Loras, Jaime doesn't respect Loras and wouldn't talk him up. Depending on how far they go from the books, Loras isn't the best swordsman in his family. Anyway, Jaime would beat them all. I'm pretty sure there's a quote in the book that says Jaime with his "speed and skill" could defeat the Mountain and the Hound and Barristan is over the hill while Jaime is in his prime. (although he's currently underfed/out of shape from being tied up)
Anyway, I took it as show Jaime saying there are maybe three people who could give him a run for his money, but who he'd ultimately defeat, even though this Jaime is less impressive than book Jaime - we haven't actually seen his escape, they cut out a lot of the whispers about how good he is and so on, plus he wasn't exactly crushing Ned in season 1 .
1553	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-23	She is stronger than I am. The realization chilled him. Robert had been stronger than him, to be sure. The White Bull Gerold Hightower as well, in his heyday, and Ser Arthur Dayne. Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountainâ<U+0080><U+0099>s strength was like nothing human. It did not matter. With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all. But this was a woman. A huge cow of a woman, to be sure, but even so. . . by rights, she should be the one wearing down.Remember, Brienne painted a different picture of this and put it into perspective. First, she was getting tired herself. That is despite the fact that Jaime's hands were bound, he was malnourished, was literally bound and tied so he could not move for several months and so on. And yet he took her best. So they both came away impressed, but remember, she was equally as impressed as him and acknowledged his handicaps.
1554	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	verba deleta sunt
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 23 May 2012 - 10:50 PM.
1555	DurararaFTW	2012-05-24	Yes. Jaime says he could beat them all. He does not say would beat them all, he says he has perfectly good chances against them, not that it is ironclad that he would absolutely succeed in any fair fight.
1556	cromagnificent	2012-05-24	This may be pure wildcard(no pun intended) but what about Jaime's friend/bannerman Addam Marbrand? Don't we get the impression in the books Jaime has a certain respect/confidence for this guy's ability?
1557	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-24	Exactly. It's just his opinion, after all. I'm pretty sure there's men in the 7 Kingdoms who think they could take on the Kingslayer as well, and some may be right, while others are not.
As for Ser Addam, he is a confident knight (wants to fight Robb, wants to lead the attack on Riverrun) and has a good reputation as a swordsman, but the only real action-fact he has going for him is beating one-handed Jaime in a sparring match so we can't be sure how he weighs up against other top fighters. He's a veteran of Tywin's campaigns though so I'd say chances are his reputation is well-founded.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 24 May 2012 - 03:31 AM.
1558	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-24	plus he wasn't exactly crushing Ned in season 1 .I got the impression, purely from the show that Jamie was a much better swordsman than Ned. Whatever people's assumptions about Ned, at the very least he's a skilled, experienced fighter, who's in good physical condition and would be very cautious in a fight like that. It would be unlikely that someone like that would be "crushed" easily by anyone in single combat.That fight for Ned was a serious, deadly confrontation, requiring all his concentration, whilst to look at Jamie, he treated it as a game, that he thought he could win at any moment. Besides, it's not even certain he would have killed Ned in that fight even if he bested him himself.
1559	Ser Loudmouth	2012-05-24	The two Cleganes for sure, and the third one is either Barristan or Loras Tyrell (in the books it would be Garlan instead of Loras, but I don't know if he exists in the show)
1560	Ser Loudmouth	2012-05-24	She is stronger than I am. The realization chilled him. Robert had been stronger than him, to be sure. The White Bull Gerold Hightower as well, in his heyday, and Ser Arthur Dayne. Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountainâ<U+0080><U+0099>s strength was like nothing human. It did not matter. With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all. But this was a woman. A huge cow of a woman, to be sure, but even so. . . by rights, she should be the one wearing down.On a second thought, after reading this list I realise that the Clegane brothers and Greatjon Umber are the only 3 people who were both introduced in the show and still alive. So I suppose Jaime is thinking about them.
1561	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	On a second thought, after reading this list I realise that the Clegane brothers and Greatjon Umber are the only 3 people who were both introduced in the show and still alive. So I suppose Jaime is thinking about them.Strongboar's still around too.
1562	Silverx2	2012-05-24	Absolutely correct. Loras is a tourney knight. The mountain was making short work of him in a real fight. .Last time i checked a real fight wasn't pulling someone off their horse while they were addressing the king, and then assaulting that person with a 2 handed sword while the opponent had only a jousting shield to protect them self.More telling is that Loras is still alive after getting blind sided by the mountain, without have a weapon to defend himself.
1563	Greywolf2375	2012-05-24	plus he wasn't exactly crushing Ned in season 1 .I believe that is more on the improving Neds ability than reducing Jaime's to make Ned out to be better than he had been described in the books.
1564	Greywolf2375	2012-05-24	On a second thought, after reading this list I realise that the Clegane brothers and Greatjon Umber are the only 3 people who were both introduced in the show and still alive. So I suppose Jaime is thinking about them.We've been told nothing that would make Umber out to be anything more than strong wherease with Selmy we have been given multiple instances of his abilities and Jaime's respect for him.
1565	Died a Hero	2012-05-24	plus he wasn't exactly crushing Ned in season 1 .The writers of season one said at first Jaime was trying to take Ned alive in this contest, but when he realized Ned was fighting for his life, Jamie started fighting for real. If you remember, Jamie was smiling and taunting him, but when they had a test of strength and Ned didn't wilt, Jamie shrugged him off and took a more serious stance. Then Ned got a spear through the leg for the effort. (Which I thought was way cooler than having a horse break it.)
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 24 May 2012 - 12:59 PM.
1566	valyrian_steel	2012-05-24	First Im stunned Jaimie thinks anyone might have a chance against him.
Jaimie has a lot of respect for Barristan Selmy but he may feel he is too old to threaten him now.
Same with Loris Tyrell who he prolly considers a talent, but too young.
He might pick the Mountain tho I doubt he respects his skill with a sword.
Garlan Tyrell is considered an excellent fighter in the books.
Thoros of Myr has a rep similar to the Mountain.
Oberyn Martell is a deadly fighter but usually prefers a spear to a sword.
Maybe at some point Jaimie will actually tell us.
1567	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-24	More telling is that Loras is still alive after getting blind sided by the mountain, without have a weapon to defend himself.That's because Sandor helped him.
1568	Ser Loudmouth	2012-05-24	Strongboar's still around too.Strongboar was never introduced in the show, or even mentioned.
1569	Iron Captain	2012-05-24	The Cleganes have to be 2 of the 3, I don't see how anyone could argue that (show or book).  In the show I'd probably go with Barristan Selmy (based off the conversation they had in the kings chambers) but based on the books I think i'd go with Loras (he admits he's skilled, and he beat him in Joff's tourny, but mainly because he mentions Barristan is past his prime).  I see no reason why he would fear Oberyn before his near defeat of the mountain.
1570	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Last time i checked a real fight wasn't pulling someone off their horse while they were addressing the king, and then assaulting that person with a 2 handed sword while the opponent had only a jousting shield to protect them self.More telling is that Loras is still alive after getting blind sided by the mountain, without have a weapon to defend himself.Its realer than a joust.........
1571	Faraday	2012-05-24	its a stretch for sure, but not a massive fuckin stretch. Gregor died as a direct result of the duel, so he died at the hands of the Red Viper.Sure, but he won the duel. I mean he died afterwards, but he still won.We obviously have different definitions of a draw, though.
					
					
							Edited by ZIDANE HEADBUTT, 24 May 2012 - 09:24 PM.
1572	Faraday	2012-05-24	More telling is that Loras is still alive after getting blind sided by the mountain, without have a weapon to defend himself.Well...let's not oversell his survival skills; he did have a little help.
1573	Greywolf2375	2012-05-25	First Im stunned Jaimie thinks anyone might have a chance against him.Jaimie has a lot of respect for Barristan Selmy but he may feel he is too old to threaten him now.Same with Loris Tyrell who he prolly considers a talent, but too young.He might pick the Mountain tho I doubt he respects his skill with a sword.Garlan Tyrell is considered an excellent fighter in the books.Thoros of Myr has a rep similar to the Mountain.Oberyn Martell is a deadly fighter but usually prefers a spear to a sword.Maybe at some point Jaimie will actually tell us.Jaime is arrogant, but he is also realistic.  I mean, how did we find out that he though there were 3 people?  Because he had been captured, so he knows that the Any Given Sunday rules apply.  That and that he has served with Dayne, Selmy, etc - the Kingsguard that helped make him as badass as he is.Thoros doesn't have the same type of reputation - he is known for being first through a breach in a wall and lighting his sword on fire, not as an overpowering swordsman.
1574	Free Northman	2012-05-25	Sandor Clegane is almost certainly the most fearsome fighter in Westeros today.
The Mountain is bigger, but Sandor is far faster and more skilled, PLUS he is a giant in his own right. Sandor Clegane would make mincemeat of Gregor if they ever actually fought to the death.
So Sandor is most certainly number 1 on Jaime's list.
Number two would probably be the Mountain, just because of his immense size and reputation.
As for number three? If it was 20 years ago, Barristan would definitely be one of the three. Today? No so sure. My guess is that Jaime included him, because even at only 70% of his former ability, Barristan is still a deadly opponent.
So my view is the Hound, the Mountain and Barristan the Bold.
As for Loras. Please. If Loras is included, then Garlan Tyrell would have to be included before him, and clearly that wasn't the intention.
Loras isn't in the top 10, to be frank. Not as a swordsman.
1575	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-26	Thoros doesn't have the same type of reputation - he is known for being first through a breach in a wall and lighting his sword on fire, not as an overpowering swordsman.That certainly helps, as well as being well-known for drinking with Robert and just being an exotic figure, but wasn't he the guy who also won the melee in the first book? I wouldn't like to fight him.
1576	Sarnius	2012-05-26	Ned, Renly and Barristan.
1577	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-26	Renly? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
1578	Sarnius	2012-05-26	Renly? /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' /> Yes, Renly was an amazing swordsman.
1579	insertname	2012-05-26	I'm not sure about the books, can't remember him being named as extraordinarily good, but DEFINITELY not in the show. There's even the scene between him and loras where he says he envies him for swordfighting being so easy for him.
1580	Red Rain	2012-05-27	from jamies opinion of himself and the swordsmen he talks about with most respect in books and series barristan has to be up their for sure and i would be surprised if one of the cleganes isn't up their if not both and maybe the blackfish ??
1581	Werthead	2012-05-27	Renly wasn't considered a great fighter in the books. He could mix it up a bit, but no-one at all rated him. In the TV show Renly says straight out that he's not a fighter at all.If Jaime was counting dead men as well as the living, he would almost certainly count Eddard. In the TV show he clearly regards Ned as a potential worthy fighter in the first episode and is then clearly surprised when Ned holds his own against him in the fifth episode, to the point of relishing the challenge and getting pissed off when the Lannister spearman interferes. However, Ned's dead, so has to be out of the count as Jaime says, present tense, that there are three men in the kingdoms who might 'stand a chance' against him.I think, from purely the TV show perspective alone, the choices have to be:1) Ser Loras Tyrell. Loras beat Jaime in a tournment before the series began (referenced in the whole Littlefinger/Tyrion/dagger situation in S1), which Jaime will not have forgotten.2) Ser Barristan Selmy. Jaime thinks he's awesome. He might be being over-charitable to Selmy today, but it's clear Selmy is one of the few people who he has real respect for.3) I'm thinking Gregor Clegane simply because whilst Jaime might not rate his skill, his strength is formidable. A glancing lucky blow from the Mountain could incapacitate Jaime whilst from other men it would be shrugged off. That might make him consider the Mountain to be a serious threat, even if lacking the finesse of Loras or Barristan.Otherwise, there's not many other characters in the TV show who have been established whom would really rate a threat to Jaime (he could be thinking of someone we haven't met on the show, but that seems unlikely given the writers probably deliberately put this reference in there to intrigue the fans). They're either dead (Jaime might have rated Robert and/or Rhaegar in their prime as possibilities) or don't exist in the TV show (as Ser Arthur Dayne apparently doesn't). The only other character who could be on Jaime's list is Sandor Clegane, I think.
1582	thewingedwolf	2012-05-27	Loras Tyrell 
Barristan Selmy
Oberyn Martell
(Jaime is too arrogant to think some members of a lesser house of Lannister could ever best him which is why I left the Cleganes out)
1583	Lady of Long Lake	2012-06-01	One is totally Barristan Selmy, does anyone else think show-Jaime has a little bit of a man crush on him?Yeah, Selmy is his hero. You can tell
1584	DÇ1mon Blackfyre	2012-09-16	the three that jamie meant: Ser Barristan the Bold, Sandor Clegane, and The Gaint gregor clegane.
jamie is incredibly arrogant, so it is presumed that if he were to mention anyone it would be people he is familiar with and respects. that eliminates both tyrells as jamie wouldn't give them a time of day, but just to clarify garlan is better than his younger brother. loras amitted it to sansa, he said that he was better witha joust, but garlan was superior with a sword. that leaves sandor who jamie respected as a warrior evident in the chapter jamie dispatches to riverrun. the gaint because of his immense size and ferocity he would be a trouble for anyone, and selmy cause he is the Bold self explantory.
1585	Lord Augie Stark	2012-09-17	Robert Baratheon
Barristan Selmy
And I would like to say Eddard Stark  but I am kinda a Stark Fan
1586	Zod	2012-09-24	A bit off-topic, but how would Eddard Stark's sword-fighting skills compare to Ser Barristan Selmy and to Jaime Lannister?
1587	Lord Augie Stark	2012-09-25	I just would like to think hes a better sword fight then people gave him credit for (he did punk Jamie off the throne) but then again I am a Stark fan but I am preety sure my other 2 choice would school Jamie in battle
Plus I just think Jamie is a punk dont think hes as good as people think he is    just my opion
					
					
							Edited by Lord Augie Stark, 25 September 2012 - 01:54 AM.
1588	shane220222	2013-01-29	i dont know how he counts barristan because he isnt in his prime even Barristan says such but he no doubt respects his skills i dont how high he would rank the red viper either  the mountain is for sure one sandor i would say probley another  if you ask me who would be the best matches,
the mountain, sandor, oberyn, bronn i think would also be a great match. i leave out Barristan because he isnt what he used to be age affects everyone and Barristan is up in the year i have little doubt he is just as skilled and could take almost any man.
1589	shane220222	2013-02-02	Brienne of Tarth is good but i so far would put her as a tourney knight jamie held his ground weak and jamie will fight dirty to win some thing brienne lacks
1590	StannisEndGame	2013-02-03	In the show I think they refer to Gregor Clegane, Sandor Clegane and Selmy Barristan among the living
1591	ADASDKFS	2013-02-09	To everyone talking about Loras...
He just CAN'T be one of the 3.
Everyone ( especially Loras ) knows that his own brother, Garland, is a much better swordman.
So, basically, if you take Loras, you need to take garland, and I don't think Jaime has that much respect for the Tyrell's brothers to take them both in his 'top 3'.
Also, in the books, Jaime often have thoughts about Loras being some 'young punk', it's obvious he doesn't respect him at all, and (whether it's true or not) Jaime is 100% confident he'd defeat him in a fair fight.
Also, Bronn has no business here. He's just a sellsword. A good sellsword, that's for sure, but still just a sellsword. Not only he does not have much to brag about ( his only real feat of strenght is to defeat ser Vardis ), there's no way Jaime would have heard much about him anyway. You have to remember that it's not just '3 mens who could beat Jaime'., it's 3 mens Jaime think might beat him.
Even the best fighter in the world could not be in that top list if Jaime never heard of him.
Ned Stark... In the show, they both seem to be good in their 1v1, but there's nothing else to say about Ned. He doesn't really have any reputation as a fighter. Plus, he's dead. So, not worth mentionning. Jaime talks about 3 mens alive.
So, now that's being said, possible candidates...
-Barristan Selmy ( pretty much a lock. He's probably #1 in his list, even tho he's past his prime ).
-The Clegane's brothers. And, please, the mountain before the hound. The show seems to want to make Sandor look better, but in the books, the mountain is miles ahead of his brother. He's always described by everyone as having inhuman strenght, and while Sandor is also strong, they just don't compare. Sandor just have more show-time than Gregor and that plays for him, but Gregor would destroy him any time. You also have to keep remember that they're not just fighting eachother. See this in the perspective of (either of them) vs Jaime. The hound might be faster than the mountain, but he's still snail-paced slow against Jaime. None of the Clegane's brothers can beat Jaime with speed. Their only hope is their strenght/endurance, and Gregor's is said to have monstruous strenght/endurance, while the hound is just a strong and fearless fighter ( beside fire ).
-The red viper. Has Jaime even heard of him? Enough to make him respect his skills? Really doubtfull. I wouldn't put it on the list.
-Kingsguards : I doubt Jaime would fear anyone of that lot. Worst kingsguard ever.
-Stannis : No. Just no. He isn't even a fighter in the books. They just wanted to make him look good in the show with the whole 'First to climb the walls, last to leave, had to be dragged away'. He's just a strong commander and a man with an unbreakable will. Jaime would destroy him.
-Khal drogo is dead, and odds are Jaime never heard of him. He's just a barbarian within a whole land of other barbarians.
-Syrio Forell/Jaqen H'gar : Jaime probably hasn't heard of either, and no reason for Jaime to think they're anything special.
The more I think about it, the more it's obvious that there's not much choices. It pretty much has to be Barristan, and the Clegane.
Keep in mind that any candidate must :
1) Be alive
2) Have a great reputation as a fighter
3) Being known and respected by Jaime
Lots of the candidates mentionned in this thread fails to at least one of these conditions.
1592	Whoresbane Umber	2013-02-14	Barristan, Viper and Greatjon
1593	lannistergold	2013-02-28	Just one thing to be clear on: Loras beat Jaime in a joust. A swordfight is another matter.
1594	Lannister Hamster	2013-02-28	To everyone talking about Loras...He just CAN'T be one of the 3.Everyone ( especially Loras ) knows that his own brother, Garland, is a much better swordman.So, basically, if you take Loras, you need to take garland, and I don't think Jaime has that much respect for the Tyrell's brothers to take them both in his 'top 3'.Also, in the books, Jaime often have thoughts about Loras being some 'young punk', it's obvious he doesn't respect him at all, and (whether it's true or not) Jaime is 100% confident he'd defeat him in a fair fight.Lots of the candidates mentionned in this thread fails to at least one of these conditions.This is the tv show not the books. There might not be a Garland and Loras might have the additional traits of his fighting abilities. Also Jaime's thoughts about him, IRC, is that he was like him before he lost his hand.If this is the books then it'd be Garland, not Loras. Since this it the tv program then Loras is probably a candidate.
1595	fanderson85	2013-03-13	I think, as most posters do, that Jaime was referring to both Clegane brothers and Ser Barristan, However, he may have been being generous to Barristan out of respect for what the older knight used to be and I feel that Oberyn or Bronn could probably challenge him in a fight, though he would not refer to these two because he does not know Oberyn and has never even heard of Bronn.
1596	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-04	Jaime had better put up a genuinely good fight 
	Spoiler against Brienne. Or beforehand, killing some Bolton men preferably.
 Otherwise I'm going to struggle to buy his story arc. They really should have shown more of his escape attempt. In the show universe it looks like he has been beaten by Ned, captured with no fuss in battle, captured after his escape attempt where he was seen to do no sword fighting 
	Spoiler and shortly beaten by a girl. TV Jaime losing his hand would be an act of mercy to spare him from more embarrassing fights in a universe in which he lacks all the badassery that went with his douchebaggery in the books.
1597	Maxthestig	2013-04-04	I think he was desperate to know how the fight with Ned would have ended if some twat hdn't stopped it.
So maybe he thought Ned, although I don't think so.
Selmy is one, The Mountain and maybe Robert in his peak.
I would love to know who would win between jamie and Drogo.  Or Jamie and Areo Hotah !
1598	PrinceHenryris	2013-04-06	In the books, Jaime says he can beat either Clegane brother.  Next.Later, Jaime attributes the Hound with size, speed and inhuman strength.Sandor beat Jaime at the Hand's tourney, withstood an angry Gregor, and killed everything in his path until the Blackwater caught fire.As I see it on foot, in a real fight;Two-handed Jaime vs. Gregor - JaimeTwo-handed Jaime vs. Sandor - SandorOn horseback, I don't know.
1599	reyneofcastamere	2013-04-07	Personally- Barristan Selmy- He was described as being the greatest sword in the seven kingdoms when he was younger and the way he focuses on the abilities of Tumco Lho in A Dance of Dragons suggests how great his knowledge of swordplay is and also Jaime admiration of him.
Gregor and Sandor Clegane- their height and strength give them advantage although Jaime had greater speed and skill.
1600	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	I like that in the 2nd post someone said "Darkstar".  I hope that was just a joke.
I think the reason that Arianne said he's the most dangerous man in Dorne is not that he's the fiercest warrior, but rather that he's psychotic and unpredictable.
I wouldn't be surprised if Darkstar isn't even in the show at all.
1601	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-08	Sandor, the Mountain and Ser Barristan. Barristan may be old but he's still a boss and Jaime definitely respects him. Sandor and the Mountain are two of the most reputable warriors in the realm.Of course Jaime's exaggerating as Bronn, Balon Swann, Andrik the Unsmiling, Harras Harlaw, Victarion Greyjoy, Black Lorren, the Red Viper, Ser Jorah, Loras and Garlan Tyrell, Lynn Corbray, Bronze Yon Royce, Ser Addam Marbrand, Areo Hotah, the Greatjon, Rolland Storm, Richard Horpe and of course Brienne herself could all put up a good fight against him and beat him if the dice roll in their favour (GRMM has made clear on several occassions he doesn't believe the strength of fighters is absolute and the results of a fight are 'set in stone' from the start and is aware there is a random factor), but Jaime either doesn't respect these people or doesn't know about them.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 April 2013 - 05:37 AM.
1602	Water Dancing	2013-06-04	You think Ser Loras in the books would have beaten Jaime and Jaime would have thought that? Loras isn't even the best swordsman in his immediate family!THIS. Garlan is better at the sword than Loras. People think Loras is some perfect warrior um no he's without a doubt the best jouster, but in all other aspects he's good, not godly. In the books Jaime has a monologue where he says the Cleganes for a certainty, Robert in his prime, and perhaps Strongboar or the other small big guy. Crakehall, I think? Anyway Brienne could never beat Jaime on her best day, when they duel he is in fetters and half starved from imprisonment. Neither can Barristan Selmy, who is a very skilled swordsman but also a very old one and can never match up to Jaime's vitality.Of course now Jaime can barely make Ser Ilyn break a sweat. Such a damn shame.
1603	Sordelor	2013-06-04	Maybe it is allready said, but in asos Jaime thinks about the people who were stronger than him: Robert Batatheon, Arthur Dayne, The white Bull, Greatjon Omber, Strongboar Crakehall, the hound and the mountain.
1604	Napyura	2013-06-04	My possible candidates in no particular order:
1. Greatjon Umber on par with raw strength of Cleganes
2. Sandor Clegane
3. Gregor Clegane
4. Barristan the Bold
5. Jorah Mormont(most of the time being underrated by most, whilst a cappable warrior)
6. Arthur Dayne
7. Robert Baratheon primetime(remember guys he slew Rhaegar in single combat)
Will add soon, but ones I mentioned were/are very cappable warriors and established personas on battlefield/tournaments.
Edit: 8. living Rhaegar Targeryan, a man to whom Tywin wanted to mentor the young Jaime.
					
					
							Edited by Napyura, 04 June 2013 - 10:21 AM.
1605	The Taxman	2013-07-21	"She is stronger than I am.The realization chilled him. Robert had been stronger than him, to be sure. The White Bull Gerold Hightower as well, in his heyday, and Ser Arthur Dayne. Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountain's strength was like nothing human. It did not matter. With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all."-ASoSjudging from this quote, im guessing the 3 would have to be ser barristan selmy, oberyn martell, and im not too sure about the final oneThe final one is Darkstar
1606	Sordelor	2013-07-22	I don't really think hbo tought so far and just letted him say that without a real meaning.
1607	Michael Herman	2014-05-03	Ser Barristan Selmy, Sandor Clegane and Loras Tyrell, we know that Loras is not an exceptionally swordsman (though some people seem to underestimate him) but all Jaime knows is that he is the best jouster in the realm and a renowned warrior, so it's understandble Jaime might consider him a worthy adversary.
1608	Lord of Dragonstone07	2014-05-04	I think the Cleganes for sure. The third? My money is on the Red Viper but most everybody on the main thread think it's Barristan the Bold. I do think that would make sense since in the last episode they changed the Kingswood Brotherhood story to Barristan instead of Ser Arthur Dayne.
eta: For the record, in the books Jaime's inner monologue has him thinking something similar to this when he realizes Brienne is stronger than him. He thinks to himself on who else might be stronger than him. He comes up with the Cleganes, Robert, the Greatjon, and Strongboar.


They haven't changed the Kindswood brotherhood story, in the book, Barristan the Bold did kill Simon Toyne, but the smiling knight,a different, and perhaps more dangerous member was killed by Ser Arthur Dayne. And yes, Ser Barristan was definately one of the three.
1609	WarLord	2014-08-21	Ser Barristan the Bold.
Ser GregorClegane.
No Ser Sandor Clegane.
1610	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Man, poor Jon Snow, he can't even get credit for finding the dragonglass with ghost, AND he now has follow Ygritte around on a chain with her threatening to cut off his balls if he escapes in front of everyone. 
He got punked repeatedly at Craster's, had to beg to go with the Halfhand, didn't get to kill anyone when they found Ygritte the other watchers (just only took her by suprise), he gets himself lost, then Ygritte makes him look like a child in their banter, and gets led into a trap by Ygritte. 
They are just killing this poor kid, and by extension Ghost.  Ghost is the worst warg partner/guardian direwolf in history right now.
1611	Buckwheat	2012-05-21	You are right about all these, but I cannot even feel sorry for him, because he acts like an incompetent idiot the whole season now. No wonder Ghost has left him, the wolf has more intelligence than Jon.
I feel sorry for his story.
1612	FRGG	2012-05-21	Haven't even thought about Ghost yet. You're absolutely right.
If I recall it right in the books they were about to be caught by the wildlings so Quorin asks Jon to kill him to get their trust. 
While it seems like he's still going to kill Quorin, he's now also accountable for him getting caught.
Let's him look like he's a good-hearted but dumb fella.
1613	Buckwheat	2012-05-21	Welcome to the forums, first-time poster FRGG! Lots of good discussion and try to keep reasonable distance at the heated themes! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1614	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-21	Whenever it cuts to Beyond the Wall or Essos this season I groan inside
1615	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	You are right about all these, but I cannot even feel sorry for him, because he acts like an incompetent idiot the whole season now. No wonder Ghost has left him, the wolf has more intelligence than Jon.I feel sorry for his story.Ugh, me too.  The dude is the Rodney Dangerfield of beyond the wall.  The only way mance would keep this guy is for a fool to entertain his tent or to do funny dances while he sings.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 23 May 2012 - 10:42 AM.
1616	Buckwheat	2012-05-21	Ugh, me too. The dude is the Rodney Dangerfield of beyond the wall. The only way mance would keep this guy is for a fool to entertain his tent or to do funny dances while he signs.Now that is something I would want to see! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Not in ASOIAF, naturally.
1617	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Haven't even thought about Ghost yet. You're absolutely right.If I recall it right in the books they were about to be caught by the wildlings so Quorin asks Jon to kill him to get their trust. While it seems like he's still going to kill Quorin, he's now also accountable for him getting caught.Let's him look like he's a good-hearted but dumb fella.He's a boob.  I place a lot of blame on Ghost though.  Ghost is doing absolutely nothing.  Jon needs a new direwolf.
1618	Sanette	2012-05-21	D&D must really hate Jon, otherwise I have no idea why would they butcher his storyline and his character like this. It's just sad.
1619	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Whenever it cuts to Beyond the Wall or Essos this season I groan insideThey cant even get any real drama kicked up at the fist, i mean, they best they could do was a manhole cover they randomly found while digging a pisser?
1620	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Now that is something I would want to see! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Not in ASOIAF, naturally.Of course not.  I request no changes in asoiaf.
1621	Buckwheat	2012-05-21	Of course not.  I request no changes in asoiaf.Only the changes that make sense.However, they have proved that they are prone to making changes that do not make sensa at all. So, yeah, better without changes than we see mostly.
1622	TheSwordOfTheEvening	2012-05-21	They cant even get any real drama kicked up at the fist, i mean, they best they could do was a manhole cover they randomly found while digging a pisser?Well what other reason would they have for digging in order to find the dagger? Dont forget, it becomes very important for Sammy later on.And drama at the fist will come...be patient
1623	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	The writers really are sacrificing short term drama with Jon (the Craster stalking, the Ygritte chase) for long term character development. Considering how IMO they did this so well in the first season, I find this exceedingly annoying.
I would not vote this guy as my next Lord Commander.
EDIT: They're sacrificing long term character development for short term drama, not the opposite as my post reads. Durrrr.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 21 May 2012 - 06:00 PM.
1624	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Well what other reason would they have for digging in order to find the dagger? Dont forget, it becomes very important for Sammy later on.And drama at the fist will come...be patientGhost/jon should have found it.  Or anything else to make it a tad interesting
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 21 May 2012 - 06:05 PM.
1625	TheSwordOfTheEvening	2012-05-21	Ghost/jon should have found it.It would've been better i guess, being closer to the book, but how would it have gotten to sam?Almost as soon as they got to the fist, jon leaves with qhorin
1626	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	The writers really are sacrificing short term drama with Jon (the Craster stalking, the Ygritte chase) for long term character development. Considering how IMO they did this so well in the first season, I find this exceedingly annoying.I would not vote this guy as my next Lord Commander.EDIT: They're sacrificing long term character development for short term drama, not the opposite as my post reads. Durrrr.I dont even think the drama was enhanced.  The scene with the watchers was far more dramatic in the book as was jon and quorin's "capture".  Why on earth make jon beg to go with quorin when quorin actaully selected him?
1627	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	It would've been better i guess, being closer to the book, but how would it have gotten to sam?Almost as soon as they got to the fist, jon leaves with qhorinHe could have found it at crasters instead of getting bitchslapped with his own sword.
1628	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	I dont even think the drama was enhanced. The scene with the watchers was far more dramatic in the book as was jon and quorin's "capture". Why on earth make jon beg to go with quorin when quorin actaully selected him?Oh I agree completely. I think the writers took the approach that Jon's story needed "sexing-up" somewhat, something I think was completely unnecessary. I honestly think the Rangers' attempts to get back to the Fist would make far better drama than the current scenes.
					
					
							Edited by The Third Reed, 21 May 2012 - 06:20 PM.
1629	Meg Stark	2012-05-21	I can't decide if it is the scenes that are the problem or possibly the acting? Forgive me if I'm way off but Kit Harington no longer seems like Jon Snow this season. 
And seriously- where is Ghost?
1630	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-21	I still like Kit Harington's acting. And I feel sorry for Qhorin now that he's captured.I thought Jon stuck up for himself pretty well in Ygritte's argument about the Wall. Chasing after Ygritte and getting lost (when they only ran, like .8 miles) is where I started to wonder if the writers thought a chase scene between Jon and a girl would be more interesting than a chase scene between a pack of wildlings and the rangers. Sadly, it was not.Calling Jon is "emasculated" is something Randall Tarly would call Sam. Sorry, that criticism makes me uncomfortable because Jon was never an alpha male or defined only by action hero masculinity. I think the writers are ignoring Jon's thoughtfulness and perception, but they do understand his honor has no place in wildling country. Ygritte making fun of him for it is very much a part of his character because she's always had the power in their relationship. It just looks more magnified on screen, I think.
1631	Reposado	2012-05-21	. I would not vote this guy as my next Lord Commander. .pyp's votes for dolorous edd will taken much more seriously in the show. he might be the best option
1632	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-21	besides from the casting of Ygritte, HBO has butchered the Jon Snow storyline. however, there is a chance for redemption in the fight with qhorin halfhand
1633	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	For me I cant get over how much snow there is and how open the fist is.  Yes it is undeniably beautiful, breathtaking even.
but the problem is in the book there wasnt really much snow at this point, esp at the fist.
THis becomes important cause it plays a critical part in the assasination attempt on Lord Mormont.  Chett specifically says they cannot go through with the plan cause the snow will make tracking them far too easy.
That and the wide opern terrain, makes tracking them again far too easy.
Of course they will likely eliminate the plotpoint, no big loss in the scheme of things, but the long journey through the woods was sort of critical to the retreat from the Fist.
and is it me or is sam just too happy on the fist
1634	Faraday	2012-05-21	They'll probably get the John/Halfhand thing right, though. I liked them setting the seeds for it last episode. Makes it a bit less sudden. I recall thinking in the book the wildling's would be sort of stupid to even consider it, but I think here it might make some sense given how it's played out. Still don't really like it.
At least Rattleshirt looked pretty cool (if different)
1635	LordofWinter	2012-05-21	I can't decide if it is the scenes that are the problem or possibly the acting? Forgive me if I'm way off but Kit Harington no longer seems like Jon Snow this season. And seriously- where is Ghost?for that i blame the writers. they've changed so much of the story at this point he almost isn't. like The Third Reed said, "I wouldn't want him to be my Lord Commander" the whole reason he's believable as the youngest Lord Commander in history(in the books) is because he has continually shown proof of his intelligence, skill, adaptation and leadership skills. This guy on screen is the skinny Samwell Tarly.
1636	All-for-Joffrey	2012-05-21	Honestly I don't think he's changed that much from the books. At this point in the story Jon was still a vain, slightly arrogant, naive boy who wanted to go on the biwg wanging. It's during the third book that he undergoes a lot of character growth into a leader. I like some of the changes they've made, like make him responsible for Qhourin's capture and the party's downfall. It gives his "turncloak" plotline more depth and meaning. I think there are characters that have actually been substantially changed much more than Jon, such as Cersei, Littlefinger, Loras, Renly, Margarey, Tywin (to some extent), etc. I suppose a lot of people are upset with the character of Jon being brought down to earth because he's such a perfect Gary-Stu in the books (which is completely unrealistic). Also, god forbid he's captured led around by a GURL (cooties,ew) for his stupidity rather than having herself throwing him at him saying "you captured me, I'm yours Jon Snow." Clearly it's "emasculating." :
1637	David Selig	2012-05-21	for that i blame the writers. they've changed so much of the story at this point he almost isn't. like The Third Reed said, "I wouldn't want him to be my Lord Commander" the whole reason he's believable as the youngest Lord Commander in history(in the books) is because he has continually shown proof of his intelligence, skill, adaptation and leadership skills. This guy on screen is the skinny Samwell Tarly. Sam is way smarter than this, don't insult him.
1638	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Its emasculating to take someone captive, then have them set you up then make you their prisoner- then have her say shes gonna cut your balls off if you run.
Its emasculating to have someone take your own sword and beat your ass with it.  
Its emasculating to have to beg to go ranging as opposed to being selected by the best ranger for his team.  
3 examples if deviations that make snow look bad for no reason.  And there's a lot more.  He's been incompetent thus far and looked like a boob.  Sam tarly looks more comfortable than he does.  
I thought he was gonna cry when Gilly was asking him for help.
1639	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	for me I go back to D&D's perception of Jon and I think they are off.  THey perceive Jon as a kid with a chip on his shoulder (correct), but that chip was there because he lacked a father figure.  WHAT?  Ned Stark treated him like a son to his wife's constant chagrin, he was raised and trained by Ser Rodrik Badass, taught by wise Luwin.  He was surrounded by powerful male role models.  What he lacked was a loving mother figure. 
That supposed lack of relationship has supposedly resulted in a brash pig headed youth. Again WHAT?  He quickly learned the lesson of leading his fellow trainees.  He is certainly prickly when it comes to honor and acted without thinking (the alisar thorne incident), but he learned well from that lesson. 
By this point in the story he has grown from leaving winterfell.  He wouldnt have talked back to craster.  Mormont still treats him like a unwanted stepchild. The point being is that the NW could see his worth and he was living up to and learning well by this point.  Not doing stupid things. 
Again, I think it comes back to D&D's incorrect perception of Jon
1640	House Snow	2012-05-21	Honestly I don't think he's changed that much from the books. At this point in the story Jon was still a vain, slightly arrogant, naive boy who wanted to go on the biwg wanging. It's during the third book that he undergoes a lot of character growth into a leader. I like some of the changes they've made, like make him responsible for Qhourin's capture and the party's downfall. It gives his "turncloak" plotline more depth and meaning. I think there are characters that have actually been substantially changed much more than Jon, such as Cersei, Littlefinger, Loras, Renly, Margarey, Tywin (to some extent), etc. I suppose a lot of people are upset with the character of Jon being brought down to earth because he's such a perfect Gary-Stu in the books (which is completely unrealistic). Also, god forbid he's captured led around by a GURL (cooties,ew) for his stupidity rather than having herself throwing him at him saying "you captured me, I'm yours Jon Snow." Clearly it's "emasculating." :Excellent analysis.  I think the show is rightfully trying to undo the Gary-stuness of Jon and the MAry-sue ness of Dany.   In fact if there is a common theme in the changes they have made to characters from Renly to Cersi on down its almost always been to highligh the CHANGE that the character will make through there story.  I like that.
1641	hiddenaway	2012-05-21	Jon Snow's character arc will be more developed next season when he transitions from a boy into a leader.
I'm perfectly find with them portraying Jon in this season more as an arrogant bumkin.  It will make his change into the Lord Commander and the leader of the Night's Watch that more dramatic.
The change of Jon from "boy" to "man" will begin when he has to kill Quorin.  I like how they are making that Jon's first kill (outside of the wight) instead of the wildling who changes into an eagle.  He's got to kill one of his mentors and his friends, then he has to turn on everything he believes in to join the wildlings.  He's going to come a long way in the next two seasons, don't rush his development or pre-judge based on this season alone.
1642	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	The thing that gets me is every change for the book that involves jon, makes him look like more of an incompetent clown and there is no reason for it.  
So he was more arrogant, younger or whatever at this point and became a better leader later. None of that matters to the point of him bumbling around, getting lost, not contributing anything, losing his wolf (i can only assume he lost ghost because, well where the fuck is he?).
Its already been made clear that the wildlings would immediately kill the Halfhand and torture him immediately upon capture.  Would rattleshirt risk having him the losing him trying to bring him to mance?  And on top of that, would The Halfhand really have given up any info to the wildlings?
1643	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	Yeah, Jon's story has been a pretty massive disappointment this season. Plus, he's either acted like either a total nincompoop or a gutless boob in every episode this season. Mormont and Qhorin have been calling him stupid all season long, and for good reason. He just acts like an idiot, especially with his lame chase of Ygritte when it wasn't clear if he just sucks at beheading or actually missed purposefully.
1644	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	I agree. He is a moron on the show or at the very least comes of as dim witted.
1645	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Really, so the changes with tyrion and littlefinger are going to enhance their arc's by showing a more drastic change in their personalitites?  
The Gary Stu argument is a valid point but the producers are threatening to undermine their idea (if in fact it is their idea, which i doubt) by making him such a boob.
1646	ARYa_Nym	2012-05-21	About Ghost it doesn't make sense that he just disappeared like that and he did initially have Ghost with him while he was with Ygritte. Ghost did have the tendency to go off by himself though and Jon had no idea where he was going or what he was doing but not at this point in the story.
1647	summer_stark	2012-05-21	About Ghost it doesn't make sense that he just disappeared like that and he did initially have Ghost with him while he was with Ygritte. Ghost did have the tendency to go off by himself though and Jon had no idea where he was going or what he was doing but not at this point in the story.are you talking about in the show?  because jon definitely did not have ghost with him in the show when he was with ygritte.  the last time we saw ghost was when he was leaving w/qhorin and jon tries to call ghost but ghost wont come and qhorin says it's b/c direwolves are wild -- which to me was a blatant falsehood w/r/t their relationship to their owners.  the direwolves are connected to their masters -- and that connection helps them know when their masters are in danger, which is how they are almost always around to defend them. here, ghost should know where jon is, or at the very least, should be able to track him -- not only that, but getting captured is a time when jon would be feeling fearful, which would immediately alert ghost to his need to come back and defend jon.  the lack of ghost at this point is a blatant plot hole that makes no sense.  the direwolves, and especially ghost, go off to hunt for long periods -- but never to the detriment of their owners --that's part of the whole mystique surrounding the stark's relationship w/their dw -- that they are so connected that the dw can sense their feelings and know when they are needed, when they are being threatened  (e.g., summer coming in to save bran at the last moment -- when bran wasn't even conscious; nymeria running up and biting joffrey; ghost feeling the otherworldly threat of the wight; summer, grey wind and shaggydog nearly attacking tyrion b/c robb felt threatened etc). in the books, the reason that ghost isn't along for this part of the journey is that he cant climb the skirling pass -- but here, there is no such impediment.  it's only after they come down off of the pass that ghost rejoins them -- or jon goes to ghost b/c ghost was attacked by the eagle -- can't remember exact timing of the sequence. either way, ghost's failure to protect jon at this point makes no sense.  not only is he emotionally connected to jon such that he can feel jon's fear etc., he is also a master hunter, who should have no problem tracking jon.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 21 May 2012 - 08:42 PM.
1648	ARYa_Nym	2012-05-21	I was referring to the books. Jon initially used Ghost to keep Ygritte away from him. Ghost didn't leave him until after he slept with Ygritte.
1649	hiddenaway	2012-05-21	Everyone I've spoken to who is a fan of the show but hasn't read the books really enjoys Jon, he's their one of their favorite chracters.  Their sentiments haven't changed in season 2.  And even though he's been less than impressive this season (or less impressive than he was in COK) it doesn't make them like him any less or make them think he's an "idiot".  
That's only hardcore book fans who are complaining that his character is somehow ruined b/c he allowed himself to get surprised by Craster and allowed Ygritte to take him a few times.  He's out in the wild by himself for the first time, lost his older ranger support crew, and he's supposed to be a badass?  That's why they got rid of Ghost for the time being, to show the vulnerability of Jon.  He has or had hardcore notions about "honor" like every other Stark in the show (Ned, Rob, Arya, Sansa) and they are going to get challenged by the real world.  Ygritte ripping Jon was part of that.  I don't really see how the character arc is dramatically changed. 
Who said anything about the changes to LIttlefinger and Tyrion enhancing their arcs?  I was speaking of Snow, who needs to get beat up a bit and shit on as the green boy that he is before he becomes the steely leader he will become.  I just don't see how these changes "ruin" Jon.
1650	summer_stark	2012-05-21	I was referring to the books. Jon initially used Ghost to keep Ygritte away from him. Ghost didn't leave him until after he slept with Ygritte.ah ok nm.  although, ghost did not come with them up the skirling pass -- ghost left again when jon went to climb the wall, which is what you're thinking of -- but i'm thinking of way before that -- when jon and stonesnake climb the pass to take out ygritte et al.  actually i just checked and it's not b/c ghost can't go up with them, it's b/c qhorin says ghost is too easily noticeable in the moonlight -- huh.  and it's only for that night.  my bad.
1651	Darth Pipes	2012-05-21	Jon has been turned into a keystone cop this season.  He's been beaten up and humuliated.  He's been called stupid by other characters and does little to dispel this.  His character is going to have to make some serious progress next season(s) in order to us to buy that he could be elected Lord Commander.
1652	Nine of Spades	2012-05-21	Everyone I've spoken to who is a fan of the show but hasn't read the books really enjoys Jon, he's their one of their favorite chracters. Their sentiments haven't changed in season 2. And even though he's been less than impressive this season (or less impressive than he was in COK) it doesn't make them like him any less or make them think he's an "idiot". That's only hardcore book fans who are complaining that his character is somehow ruined b/c he allowed himself to get surprised by Craster and allowed Ygritte to take him a few times. He's out in the wild by himself for the first time, lost his older ranger support crew, and he's supposed to be a badass? That's why they got rid of Ghost for the time being, to show the vulnerability of Jon. He has or had hardcore notions about "honor" like every other Stark in the show (Ned, Rob, Arya, Sansa) and they are going to get challenged by the real world. Ygritte ripping Jon was part of that. I don't really see how the character arc is dramatically changed. Who said anything about the changes to LIttlefinger and Tyrion enhancing their arcs? I was speaking of Snow, who needs to get beat up a bit and shit on as the green boy that he is before he becomes the steely leader he will become. I just don't see how these changes "ruin" Jon.Hes been training for his entire life to do exactly what hes doing now. Its pretty much medieval knighthood 101. He is 100% in his element at this point in the story. Whats more, while some people think Jon is just a "regular joe" hes definitely not. This isnt a kid whose had a carefree easy going life, hes someoen who has been trained to a very specific job and do it very well, and he is doing that job. Its exactly the reason Robb can outfox Tywin Lannister, they arent "green boys" they are highly trained young men who are doing exactly the things they trained for.Now thats not to say that Jon and Robb dont make mistakes, because they do. But they mistakes they make are not for lack of competence, but lack of wisdom and foresight. Jon in trying to run off when news of Eddards death, his initial attitude toward the other trainees, his initial attitude at being named a steward or in his failure to see the other officers of the NW plotting against him. And in each case (well except the last one) he tends to learn his lessons quickly.TV show Jon on the otherhand shows basic incompetence. He doesnt think through the consequences of sparing Ygritte, he begs to go on a ranging (when in the books at that point he knows and accepts his duties, and moreover understands and agrees with the logic behind it). He also shows instances of courage and competency in the books, hes not just there for the ride, but hes showing actual ability.But ultimately what drives me nuts is that I think its made pretty clear in the book that Jon a pretty stoic guy. Hes always had a pretty large amount of misfortune heaped up on him, The reason that that he can hold the wall after Noye's death, the reason Sam, Pyp and Grenn look to him, the reason that he is the lord commander who can stand up to stannis is because outwardly, the guy is just a pillar of strength.The mary sue comparisons drive me nuts because he doesnt do things blindly thinking that hes going to do the right thing and its going to work out for the best because hes good, He does things where he knows the very real very serious consequences that coud result, and he chooses to do them anyways.There is something deeply fatalistic about Jon's character that the TV series doesnt even come close to capturing.And thats actually the biggest gripe I have about the Qhorin plotline turn. Jon would have easily preferred to fight with Qhorin against the wildlings to the death. He doesnt have any hopes or dreams for himself, doesnt dare to allow himself to have them (and thats what makes Stannis's offer of Winterfell so seductive, the dream is something he cant have). Instead Jon selects duty, dishoner in the case of the wildlings, and what looks like death.I mean, the one unquestionably sweet and pure thing he has in his adult life, with the exception of his bond with ghost perhaps, is Ygritte's love. And he (indirectly) kills her for duty.
					
					
							Edited by Nine of Spades, 21 May 2012 - 11:46 PM.
1653	wolverine	2012-05-22	Who is this "Ghost" character people keep mentioning?  He sounds interesting but invisible.
1654	TheWanderer	2012-05-22	Its emasculating to take someone captive, then have them set you up then make you their prisoner- then have her say shes gonna cut your balls off if you run. Its emasculating to have someone take your own sword and beat your ass with it. Its emasculating to have to beg to go ranging as opposed to being selected by the best ranger for his team. 3 examples if deviations that make snow look bad for no reason.There are reasons though. Why should Qhorin want Jon on his team? Because he's a POV character, or a Stark? It's certainly not because he's a ranger, or an old hand at combat, or has displayed any sort of tracking/wilderness/combat ability. Yes, Craster gets the jump on Jon and smacks him across the face, so? Craster's a wildling, and an old(ish) one at that, and my guess is he's got a wee bit more experience at moving silently than Jon. Plus, Jon's clearly pretty shocked/confused by what he's seeing and isn't focused on potential threats. And Ygritte's character is pretty much the same as in the books, she talks a big game in front of the other wildlings and does actually have some skill and knowledge of the landscape, which is what Jon fundamentally lacks.These changes were all made to emphasize other parts of the story, either Ygritte's character (without the capture, chase, capture sequence we really wouldn't know much about her), the sacrifices, or simply the fact that Jon is still hungry for glory (and is a bit of a noob). the last time we saw ghost was when he was leaving w/qhorin and jon tries to call ghost but ghost wont come and qhorin says it's b/c direwolves are wild -- which to me was a blatant falsehood w/r/t their relationship to their owners. the direwolves are connected to their masters -- and that connection helps them know when their masters are in danger, which is how they are almost always around to defend them. here, ghost should know where jon is, or at the very least, should be able to track him -- not only that, but getting captured is a time when jon would be feeling fearful, which would immediately alert ghost to his need to come back and defend jon. the lack of ghost at this point is a blatant plot hole that makes no sense.1) How is Qhorin supposed to know about the connection between the Starks and their direwolves, assuming it even is on the level you suggest?2) Maybe Ghost doesn't feel like Jon needs his help, or is in no real danger. Jon's expression upon capture seems to be more exasperation than fear, and even once captured he doesn't seem particularly concerned that Rattleshirt's going to kill him. Maybe Ghost can either sense that or sense that Ygritte isn't a threat or hell, really is busy.Hes been training for his entire life to do exactly what hes doing now. Its pretty much medieval knighthood 101. He is 100% in his element at this point in the story.Sorry but Medieval Knighthood 101 doesn't contain any lessons about wilderness survival, dealing with sexy savages or pretty much anything else Jon's been going through. Knighthood is all about open combat, codes of honour and the like, which is exactly what Jon is expressing. He's been trained to fight, and he's pretty good at it (as seen in S1), but he's got no idea how to deal with girls or chase people down in the North, nor would I expect him to. Robb's winning his war because he's been trained in how to lead armies and fight wars, Jon's getting rope-a-doped by a girl because he "knows nothing".The mary sue comparisons drive me nuts because he doesnt do things blindly thinking that hes going to do the right thing and its going to work out for the best because hes good,Mary Sue's don't necessarily assume things are going to work out because they're good, rather that's just how things happen. Jon is mary sue-like in the books because everybody around him thinks he's awesome, and for no real reason. Qhorin selects him for the ranging despite his being intensely under-qualified, Mance makes him basically inner-circle upon meeting him despite his being a traitor, he's voted Lord Commander despite his being intensely under-qualified. True, Jon doesn't expect these things but they still happen, and there isn't generally a good reason beyond 'he's a Stark' which is Mary Sue rationalization of the highest order.
1655	Eddard Sand	2012-05-22	The experience of Jon's capture for me is the defining moment for his character. The lessons he learns from his encounter with the wildlings and the subsequent love affair her has with Ygritte are what make him the man that ultimately becomes lord commander. In living with the wildlings he comes to understand what true leadership is about, he sees the determiantion, charisma, and devotion of Mance, Tormund, and Ygritte respectively and emulates these qualities when back on the wall. Then there is the sacrifice that Qhorin makes which shows Jon that no matter what he must achieve the goal of protecting the wall and those that live within the confines of its protection. So until these life altering changes take place I am totally fine with Jon bumbling about in the wilderness, he is still a boy. Even while lord commander he still makes mistakes, mistakes that in the end have him pseudo-assassinated, he is flawed but by no means emasculated.
Sincerely, 
Eddard Sand -Bastard of the Boneway-
1656	summer_stark	2012-05-22	The Wanderer: the falsehood i was referring to was the objective one -- not qhorin's view.  i.e., we are left with qhorin's assertion as fact -- based on two things -- 1) jon doesn't bother correcting him; and 2) ghost doesn't come to jon then or at all.  Upon re-reading my post, however, i can see that it is easily interpreted the way you interpreted it -- poorly worded on my part. the point i was making was that "direwolves are wild" was the reason given to jon and the viewer as to why ghost doesnt follow -- but to the viewer, at a minimum it's weird, since ghost is pretty loyal -- but to a non-book reader -- it might be just the way qhorin says it is -- b/c we have no real understanding of jon and ghost's connection at this point.  and to portray it that way, is to convey the relationship/connection falsely.  and to have jon fail to say no, ghost isn't like that he's loyal etc., furthers this view of qhorins as truth rather than opinion.  and his opinion is blatantly false, but up til now we have no reason to doubt it.  to me, it seems like d&d put it in as a reason why ghost isn't around after that, when it really is a terrible reason, b/c objectively, it's false -- but considering the problems of cgi direwolves (cost and the fact that they can't really interact w/the cast in a meaningful way w/o seriously $$), it seems like this is how d&d solved it -- i.e., ghost is wild so he isn't going to come help jonand the idea that jon isn't in danger -- from jon's pov -- strikes me as silly.  jon is in a dangerous situation -- he's not too stupid or crazy to recognize it.  maybe he's not pissing his pants, but this is the moment a direwolf comes to the rescue -- when your master is captured, you sense something is wrong and help.  any reasons re: why ghost hasn't been around the past couple of episodes is justification, not real reasoning that makes sense w/in the confines of the story.
1657	victim	2012-05-22	This emasculating argument is so ridiculously stupid.
1. Ned trusting and being captured by Littlefinger was never emasculating.
2. Jaime splitting his army into 3 to siege Riverrun wasn't emasculating.
3. Tyrion being captured by Catelyn wasn't emasculating.
So why is Jon Snow being captured by Wildlings emasculating? The only answer I can come up with is because it wasn't in the books, which is, admit it: a terrible argument. 
Think back to Season One, both Benjen Stark and Alliser Thorne told Jon he was not ready to go beyond-the-wall. Ah, perhaps they were right. It's a place Jon does not understand because he's naive and let's his honour get in the way of doing "what must be done." Mance is going to be a very important character in Season 3 and he'll likely get much more screentime than he did in the books. He'll most likely teach Jon how to lead men and how to survive beyond the Wall. Jon should be so taken aback by him that we think he may actually turn his cloak before the Queenscrown incident -- which can play out beautifully on screen. Of course, Jon's loyalty remains to the Night's Watch, where it has always been, but there's going to be a difficult way of showing this on the screen that I'm unsure of.
I see the arguments flying around "I would not elect this man Lord Commander." Well, no shit! I wouldn't either. I wouldn't elect Jon in ACoK's either. He's a green-boy who "knows nothing." That being said, Jon didn't get any votes in ASoS until Sam started messing with Denys Mallister and Cotter Pyke, and the raven landed on his shoulder which is prophecy that I don't particularly want to get into. So even as the voting of the new Lord Commander began, Jon was not being considered. In other words, your arguments are moot. 
Outside of Jon and Qhorin's race through the wilderness -- and Squire Dalbridge's final stand -- I would argue that Jon's storyline has been improved. When Qhorin said "See that it wasn't worth nothing!" to Jon when he asked if the others were killed, I got chills. This set of events has been lined up to test his qualities and I'm sure they will come out very well next season.
1658	Ghost Wrytre	2012-05-22	Regarding the fact that Ghost hasn't come to the rescue, keep in mind:  The direwolves don't come running when their MASTERS feel danger; they come running when THEY, themselves, know their master to be in danger.
Granted, that's a very finely-cut distinction, but it's true.
(and besides... it costs a lot of money!)
1659	Eddard Sand	2012-05-22	They are saving Ghost maybe for the Jon kills Qhorin scene? If I remember correctly Ghost actually attacks Qhorin because Qhorin is legitimately attacking Jon. He has every intention of dying but I think he also had the intention of making the fight a real one knowing that Ghost would intervene. Am I wrong?
1660	summer_stark	2012-05-22	Regarding the fact that Ghost hasn't come to the rescue, keep in mind: The direwolves don't come running when their MASTERS feel danger; they come running when THEY, themselves, know their master to be in danger. Granted, that's a very finely-cut distinction, but it's true. (and besides... it costs a lot of money!)this is not borne out by the books.  fine a distinction though it may be, it is nonetheless a false dichotomy you're drawing.cases in point:1) summer attacking the reeds b/c bran is upset by them talking about his warging dreams -- he's in no objective danger whatsoever -- but he is upset and feels threatened (not physically, but emotionally/mentally) and summer attacks.2) shaggydog attacks the walders when playing lord of the crossing after they get into an argument -- rickon is not in any subjective or objective danger -- granted, shaggydog is crazy, so take his actions with a grain of salt.3) summer grey wind and shaggydog bulldoze tyrion when he's no threat whatsoever -- but robb is upset by his presence -- no objective danger.contrast with:1) nymeria attacking joffrey when arya is in real danger2) ghost saving jon when he is fighting halfhand3) summer saving bran from the attacker with the knife4) summer and shaggy trying to get to bran and rickon during the ironborn's takeover of winterfell...the direwolves attack when they feel their masters are in danger -- based both on their masters' feelings of threat (both physical and otherwise) and the more objective understanding that their masters are in danger. unless by "know their masters to be in danger" you meant the dw come when they "think" their masters are in danger, in which case, we are in agreement.  and in which case, this is a subjective feeling of threat -- based on the dw's view of the situation -- but their view of the situation is in part colored by the sense of fear they get from their masters, which is not a run of the mill sense -- it is based on their mystical connections to their direwolves -- i.e., the fact that they're wargs.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 22 May 2012 - 02:24 AM.
1661	kephv	2012-05-22	So why is Jon Snow being captured by Wildlings emasculating? The only answer I can come up with is because it wasn't in the books, which is, admit it: a terrible argument.Because it weakens his character by making him a complete moron. Even things that were supposed to be intentional, like Jon letting Ygritte go, are turned into just another moment of Jon messing up.
1662	Ghost Wrytre	2012-05-22	@ summer_stark:
Well lawyered... and no, that isn't sarcasm.
Just a couple of semi-rebuts...
(1) I don't think either of us could prove that a comatosed Bran felt threatened by the would-be assassin Catelyn fought.  Catelyn felt the threat, certainly, but whether Bran did or not depends on how aware one feels he could have been in that state.
(2) I guess I always saw Shaggy and Summer's aggression toward the Walders as a greater recognition by the d'wolves (greater than the Starks, that is) that the Walders were bad news.
1663	victim	2012-05-22	Because it weakens his character by making him a complete moron. Even things that were supposed to be intentional, like Jon letting Ygritte go, are turned into just another moment of Jon messing up.Hang on, are Eddard, Jaime and Tyrion morons as well? I think you missed my point. People get captured, it doesn't make them stupid.
1664	Nine of Spades	2012-05-22	Sorry but Medieval Knighthood 101 doesn't contain any lessons about wilderness survival, dealing with sexy savages or pretty much anything else Jon's been going through. Knighthood is all about open combat, codes of honour and the like, which is exactly what Jon is expressing. He's been trained to fight, and he's pretty good at it (as seen in S1), but he's got no idea how to deal with girls or chase people down in the North, nor would I expect him to. Robb's winning his war because he's been trained in how to lead armies and fight wars, Jon's getting rope-a-doped by a girl because he "knows nothing".What do you think boar hunting is, a walk in the park? You dont think that Ned never thought his boys were going to have to hunt down wildlings or poachers or raiders do you? Think knights never had to take a prisoner and so wouldnt get tought what to do? Dont you think Qhorin asks him along because the thought he might be a burden never crossed his mind? This isnt some exotic scenario to a member of House Stark, this is a relatively predicatable life path.What I will give you is that Jon isnt well prepared to deal with a woman, nor is Robb. And both get in a heap of trouble over it.Mary Sue's don't necessarily assume things are going to work out because they're good, rather that's just how things happen. Jon is mary sue-like in the books because everybody around him thinks he's awesome, and for no real reason. Qhorin selects him for the ranging despite his being intensely under-qualified, Mance makes him basically inner-circle upon meeting him despite his being a traitor, he's voted Lord Commander despite his being intensely under-qualified. True, Jon doesn't expect these things but they still happen, and there isn't generally a good reason beyond 'he's a Stark' which is Mary Sue rationalization of the highest order.Sam worships the ground Jon walks on because Jon put himself in danger to save his life. Pyp and Grenn think hes amazing because he is a fully trained knight, one of the finest swordsmen in the watch, and when they were first learning swordsmanship Jon was a scary god of steely death. Remember Noye's speech about a castle trained knight? And its not like Jon didnt do anything at all, he rode to warn those remaining Castle Black of a wilding raid with an arrow through his leg, then took over for Noye when Noye died in leading a bunch of stewards in holding off the entire wildling host with the leftovers of castle black. As for why he was promoted to that, he was the only one with military training of a knight.The only people who think him a traitor are slynt and thorne, and those loyal to them. Im pretty sure every brother who wasnt murdered in their beds by wildling raiders, and every brother they talked to didnt exactly buy that line. Moreover it was indicated he was Mormonts' hand chosen replacement. Oh yeah, and he has a giant fricking dire wolff as a pet. Jon should have been a rock star on the wall at that point.
1665	Nine of Spades	2012-05-22	This emasculating argument is so ridiculously stupid. 1. Ned trusting and being captured by Littlefinger was never emasculating. 2. Jaime splitting his army into 3 to siege Riverrun wasn't emasculating. 3. Tyrion being captured by Catelyn wasn't emasculating.You named 3 things that happened exactly as they did in the books. That is an accurate characterisation of their abilities. Jon's repeated idiocies are inventions for the TV series that substantially change his character for the worse.
1666	victim	2012-05-22	You named 3 things that happened exactly as they did in the books. That is an accurate characterisation of their abilities. Jon's repeated idiocies are inventions for the TV series that substantially change his character for the worse.But Eddard, Tyrion and Jaime are not "worse" for being captured. So what's that difference? Maybe I am missing your point.
1667	victim	2012-05-22	Also, it's not like the Wildlings don't capture Jon and Qhorin in the books, they just do it differently and earlier in the show.
1668	Nine of Spades	2012-05-22	Also, it's not like the Wildlings don't capture Jon and Qhorin in the books, they just do it differently and earlier in the show.But it happens in a way that does not call into question Jon's basic competence. The issue isnt wether jon gets captured, the issue is wether jon looks like an idiot while it happens. In the TV show, Jon is a bumbling emo fool most of the time.
1669	kephv	2012-05-22	Hang on, are Eddard, Jaime and Tyrion morons as well? I think you missed my point. People get captured, it doesn't make them stupid.Jaime's act was the height of arrogance and stupidity, but he has since learned from it. Tyrion was taken by surprise, having no reason to believe he was in hostile company, so not stupid. Eddard was simply outplayed and payed the price.Jon's beyond the wall storyline has been one giant blunder after the other, so much so as to border on the implausible. Yes, it has definitely weakened his character.
1670	summer_stark	2012-05-22	@ summer_stark:Well lawyered... and no, that isn't sarcasm.Just a couple of semi-rebuts...(1) I don't think either of us could prove that a comatosed Bran felt threatened by the would-be assassin Catelyn fought.  Catelyn felt the threat, certainly, but whether Bran did or not depends on how aware one feels he could have been in that state.(2) I guess I always saw Shaggy and Summer's aggression toward the Walders as a greater recognition by the d'wolves (greater than the Starks, that is) that the Walders were bad news.well, i am a lawyer...lol (seriously).the ones on the second list (i.e., bran being attacked) -- are the versions that are of objective knowledge of threat -- and we know that bran was not dead to the world during this time -- he was w/the three eyed crow -- and possibly also w/summer.but the point i was making with the second list was that it looks just like the first.  i.e., they attack when they themselves feel their masters are in danger, and also when they sense their masters subjective feelings of threat.  in other words -- not just one or the other.as for the walders -- also not borne out by the books, wherein rickon pals around with the walders after the fight and shaggydog is fine with them.  shaggy attacks because he feels rickon is being threatened.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 22 May 2012 - 02:57 AM.
1671	victim	2012-05-22	Jaime's act was the height of arrogance and stupidity, but he has since learned from it. Tyrion was taken by surprise, having no reason to believe he was in hostile company, so not stupid. Eddard was simply outplayed and payed the price. Jon's beyond the wall storyline has been one giant blunder after the other, so much so as to border on the implausible. Yes, it has definitely weakened his character.Please, explain. Jon couldn't kill Ygritte, just as he couldn't kill her in the books. The difference being he couldn't let her go either in the show because she would tell Mance of their coming, which actually makes a lot of sense. Jon gets led into a trap by Ygritte when he believes he is safe due to having her as a hostage. Ygritte had outplayed him, just as Littlefinger had done to Eddard. Both characters are out of their elements in their new-unfamiliar surroundings, so that comparison is easy.Tyrion was taken by surprise. I suppose Jon knew there was Wildlings ready to capture him hiding behind the hills in that snowy valley. Jaime's capturing was stupid, you are right, yet he learns from it later? Well, yeah he does, I agree with that. So, all your saying is their is room for Jon to learn from his mistakes later. True, thank you for reinforcing exactly what I'm arguing. Go ahead, find a leg to stand on. Your arguments are weak at best and are based entirely off the fact they happened in the books and we know the result of all of them. Jon's story has been changed substantially but his character arc is not ruined, just heightened.
1672	Ghost714	2012-05-22	I could not agree more with the OP, they have really screwed Jon as a character, or at least the awesome character he was in the books. Literally in every single episode Jon has been in this season, they have found some way to make him look incompetent, and it is really bugging me. In season one, they were pretty true to the book, so Jon had his good moments, but now like a lot of things, they have gone away from the books, and Jon's character looks like a fool. None of Jon's actions at all for season two make any sense with his development from season one. In season one, they showed Jon getting over himself, and they show him growing as a character. Then in season two, we get Jon saying things like, "I fought and killed a Wight. How many Rangers can say that?" 
I really don't understand there reasoning for doing this to Jon, the Jon from the books, and the Jon from the later part of season one, would never say something like that to Lord Commander Mormont. It's like they have completely forgotten all the development Jon made from season one.
I could go on about all of Jon's other blunders this season, but I am sure everybody in this thread is aware of them. It just really makes me angry when you can tell who the writers favor and who they like best. The writers have done similar things to Stannis, but in a different way, they have made Stannis all around more of an unlikeable person, than he was in the books. D.B. Weiss actually said in a video that Stannis would make a horrible King, and I really don't agree with that. I along with many others, think Stannis would make a good King. That's the beauty of the books, it's up to the individual on how the see a character. However with the show they are basically writing in their own personal opinions of characters, and it is showing. They shouldn't be telling the viewers how to feel about characters. They should leave it like the books, and let the audience deside if the like, or dislike someone. 
Ultimately, I just hate what they have done to Jon. At this point it makes me wonder if they are going to have him be chosen as Lord Commander, because at this point, that would be seriously unbelievable, even with Sam doing some trickery. The show Jon doesn't seem capable of leading himself to take a piss at night, let alone being the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. I guess some people might say that's the point, Jon was not "capable" of leading the Nights Watch, and that's why he was stabbed, but that is an arguable subject, either way though, the book Jon was far more capable of leading the Watch, in comparison to the show Jon.
1673	summer_stark	2012-05-22	Please, explain.Jon couldn't kill Ygritte, just as he couldn't kill her in the books. The difference being he couldn't let her go either in the show because she would tell Mance of their coming, which actually makes a lot of sense. Jon gets led into a trap by Ygritte when he believes he is safe due to having her as a hostage. Ygritte had outplayed him, just as Littlefinger had done to Eddard. Both characters are out of their elements in their new-unfamiliar surroundings, so that comparison is easy.Tyrion was taken by surprise. I suppose Jon knew there was Wildlings ready to capture him hiding behind the hills in that snowy valley.Jaime's capturing was stupid, you are right, yet he learns from it later? Well, yeah he does, I agree with that. So, all your saying is their is room for Jon to learn from his mistakes later. True, thank you for reinforcing exactly what I'm arguing.Go ahead, find a leg to stand on. Your arguments are weak at best and are based entirely off the fact they happened in the books and we know the result of all of them. Jon's story has been changed substantially but his character arc is not ruined, just heightened.i feel the need to step in here and show you the leg the other posters are standing on. on the one hand, you are correct -- the differences are the show v. the books, with the latter not being an emasculation by the show b/c the books already did that.  the point they are making is that the show is emasculating jon snow in a way that the books didn't -- not that the books emasculated other characters, therefore this isn't emasculation, or this emasculation is on the level.  those arguments fail to address the points being made.the points being made are:1) the books made the characters a certain way --2) whether or not the way the books made the characters was emasculating is irrelevant.  the point is that the characters are being changed such that the producers are emasculating them. 3) the difference b/t the show emasculating them and the books emasculating them is not an insignificant point.  the fact of the matter is that the show is based on the characters in the books.  period.  therefore, though fidelity to storylines and minor characters is unnecessary, the characteristics of major characters is necessary for the show to move in the same direction as the books without feeling awkward or contrived.4) even if one concedes that the book emasculates other characters, it in no way defeats or addresses the emasculation of jon snow.  one does not equal the other.  so any points you make about other characters in no way answers whether jon snow has been emasculated on the show compared to what his character is like in the books. further, the facts of the matter are these:  jon snow is an intelligent, capable man of the night's watch in the books.  his wolf and being a stark -- with the blood of the first men and the old gods -- is why qhorin picks him -- he says that the old gods are important beyond the wall, and therefore, jon is seen as a good luck charm of sorts.  not only that, but he has a bamf for a dw. in the books it is nonessential that jon kills ygritte -- the point was for qhorin to understand jon -- b/c like qhorin says, if he wanted the job done, he wouldve done it himself, or given it to someone who would carry it out. on the show, it is essential that he kill ygritte, but he not only fails to do so, but he lets her get the drop on him.  this is a textbook definition of emasculation:  to make weaker or less effective.  it is not a subjective thing you're debating.  in one instance he lets her go -- taking the moral high ground (stupid though it may be); in the other instance, he fails to keep her -- making him a less effective nights watchman.  emasculation personified. in the books, jon stays with qhorin and ghost.  on the show, he somehow has no control over ghost and loses qhorin.  he is a weaker and less effective nights watchman.whether you want to debate the merits of making jon so effective at such a young age in the books is a different argument altogether.  your agreement with the change does not address the fact that those changes emasculate jon.  if i substitute the word emasculate for a synonym -- weaken -- the point is more obvious. jon is a weaker, less effective person in the show.  the show has made him this way.  he is not this way in the books at this point in the story.  therefore, the show has emasculated him.
1674	Ghost714	2012-05-22	i feel the need to step in here and show you the leg the other posters are standing on. on the one hand, you are correct -- the differences are the show v. the books, with the latter not being an emasculation by the show b/c the books already did that.  the point they are making is that the show is emasculating jon snow in a way that the books didn't -- not that the books emasculated other characters, therefore this isn't emasculation, or this emasculation is on the level.  those arguments fail to address the points being made.the points being made are:1) the books made the characters a certain way --2) whether or not the way the books made the characters was emasculating is irrelevant.  the point is that the characters are being changed such that the producers are emasculating them. 3) the difference b/t the show emasculating them and the books emasculating them is not an insignificant point.  the fact of the matter is that the show is based on the characters in the books.  period.  therefore, though fidelity to storylines and minor characters is unnecessary, the characteristics of major characters is necessary for the show to move in the same direction as the books without feeling awkward or contrived.4) even if one concedes that the book emasculates other characters, it in no way defeats or addresses the emasculation of jon snow.  one does not equal the other.  so any points you make about other characters in no way answers whether jon snow has been emasculated on the show compared to what his character is like in the books. further, the facts of the matter are these:  jon snow is an intelligent, capable man of the night's watch in the books.  his wolf and being a stark -- with the blood of the first men and the old gods -- is why qhorin picks him -- he says that the old gods are important beyond the wall, and therefore, jon is seen as a good luck charm of sorts.  not only that, but he has a bamf for a dw. in the books it is nonessential that jon kills ygritte -- the point was for qhorin to understand jon -- b/c like qhorin says, if he wanted the job done, he wouldve done it himself, or given it to someone who would carry it out. on the show, it is essential that he kill ygritte, but he not only fails to do so, but he lets her get the drop on him.  this is a textbook definition of emasculation:  to make weaker or less effective.  it is not a subjective thing you're debating.  in one instance he lets her go -- taking the moral high ground (stupid though it may be); in the other instance, he fails to keep her -- making him a less effective nights watchman.  emasculation personified. in the books, jon stays with qhorin and ghost.  on the show, he somehow has no control over ghost and loses qhorin.  he is a weaker and less effective nights watchman.whether you want to debate the merits of making jon so effective at such a young age in the books is a different argument altogether.  your agreement with the change does not address the fact that those changes emasculate jon.  if i substitute the word emasculate for a synonym -- weaken -- the point is more obvious. jon is a weaker, less effective person in the show.  the show has made him this way.  he is not this way in the books at this point in the story.  therefore, the show has emasculated him.Great post, and very well said.
1675	Weles	2012-05-22	I absolutely agree but in a way I think it will make Jon's development as a character more dramatic, from an inexperienced boy to the man who serves Donal Noye greatly during the defense of Castle Black. Even though it will make him a little less believable as a character, making that drastic development by just staying with the wildlings for a while, it will be very satisfactory for the viewers. If you want to make his rise to greatness dramatic, you'll have to start low. It's a bit cartoony and over-simplified but for a TV-show it sort of makes sense. I think it's a general rule that the show-writers have to paint with broader strokes than GRRM, but considering time and budget constraints I'm okay with it.
1676	David Selig	2012-05-22	How is Jon a Gary Stu in the books? I'd be the first to say he's a boring cliche, but to be a Gary Stu he has to be some sort of wish fulfilment fantasy for the writer, and who'd want to be Jon Snow? His life sucks throughout the books. He loses his father and his brothers, he lives on the end of the world where it's cold all the time, he can't get married or even have sex without feeling guilty, his girlfriend dies fighting against him, he gets assassinated by his own men...
1677	The Monkey	2012-05-22	Do you think they will have Jon's first warging in episode 10, or will they push it to S3?
1678	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-22	Who is this "Ghost" character people keep mentioning?  He sounds interesting but invisible.I imagine next week we will find that Ghost has been warging into Jon Snow and taking control.  Jon's apparently poor decision making is due to Ghost being conflicted between ripping Ygritte apart with his teeth or humping her leg..
1679	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	I feel the need to step in here and say that summer_stark Is a bamf.
1680	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-05-22	Jon is still a boy - and this has to be underlined in the early seasons. He has to make many mistakes, at both craster's place and the wildlings, so that he will reflect on these later on and become a MAN of the night's watch.
1681	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-22	Jon and Ghost have definitely lost their mojo.. What i fell sad about is the fact that we did not get this fabulous " warg" connection between Jon and ghost ( the discovery of where all the widling were) and Jon explaining his dream to Qhorin, Qhorin understanding what was going on with Jon and calling him a warg, the trees have eyes again...ect i was so looking forward to this.
					
					
							Edited by ghost the direwolf, 22 May 2012 - 06:20 AM.
1682	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Hes been training for his entire life to do exactly what hes doing now. Its pretty much medieval knighthood 101. He is 100% in his element at this point in the story. Whats more, while some people think Jon is just a "regular joe" hes definitely not. This isnt a kid whose had a carefree easy going life, hes someoen who has been trained to a very specific job and do it very well, and he is doing that job. Its exactly the reason Robb can outfox Tywin Lannister, they arent "green boys" they are highly trained young men who are doing exactly the things they trained for. Now thats not to say that Jon and Robb dont make mistakes, because they do. But they mistakes they make are not for lack of competence, but lack of wisdom and foresight. Jon in trying to run off when news of Eddards death, his initial attitude toward the other trainees, his initial attitude at being named a steward or in his failure to see the other officers of the NW plotting against him. And in each case (well except the last one) he tends to learn his lessons quickly. TV show Jon on the otherhand shows basic incompetence. He doesnt think through the consequences of sparing Ygritte, he begs to go on a ranging (when in the books at that point he knows and accepts his duties, and moreover understands and agrees with the logic behind it). He also shows instances of courage and competency in the books, hes not just there for the ride, but hes showing actual ability. But ultimately what drives me nuts is that I think its made pretty clear in the book that Jon a pretty stoic guy. Hes always had a pretty large amount of misfortune heaped up on him, The reason that that he can hold the wall after Noye's death, the reason Sam, Pyp and Grenn look to him, the reason that he is the lord commander who can stand up to stannis is because outwardly, the guy is just a pillar of strength. The mary sue comparisons drive me nuts because he doesnt do things blindly thinking that hes going to do the right thing and its going to work out for the best because hes good, He does things where he knows the very real very serious consequences that coud result, and he chooses to do them anyways.There is something deeply fatalistic about Jon's character that the TV series doesnt even come close to capturing. And thats actually the biggest gripe I have about the Qhorin plotline turn. Jon would have easily preferred to fight with Qhorin against the wildlings to the death. He doesnt have any hopes or dreams for himself, doesnt dare to allow himself to have them (and thats what makes Stannis's offer of Winterfell so seductive, the dream is something he cant have). Instead Jon selects duty, dishoner in the case of the wildlings, and what looks like death. I mean, the one unquestionably sweet and pure thing he has in his adult life, with the exception of his bond with ghost perhaps, is Ygritte's love. And he (indirectly) kills her for duty. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />well stated
1683	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Also, it's not like the Wildlings don't capture Jon and Qhorin in the books, they just do it differently and earlier in the show.the difference is in the book he was captured under orders otherwise he would (probably) have fought to the death, he certainly spoke of willingness to do so
1684	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	oh and they didnt capture qhorin
1685	victim	2012-05-22	i feel the need to step in here and show you the leg the other posters are standing on. on the one hand, you are correct -- the differences are the show v. the books, with the latter not being an emasculation by the show b/c the books already did that. the point they are making is that the show is emasculating jon snow in a way that the books didn't -- not that the books emasculated other characters, therefore this isn't emasculation, or this emasculation is on the level. those arguments fail to address the points being made. the points being made are: 1) the books made the characters a certain way -- 2) whether or not the way the books made the characters was emasculating is irrelevant. the point is that the characters are being changed such that the producers are emasculating them. 3) the difference b/t the show emasculating them and the books emasculating them is not an insignificant point. the fact of the matter is that the show is based on the characters in the books. period. therefore, though fidelity to storylines and minor characters is unnecessary, the characteristics of major characters is necessary for the show to move in the same direction as the books without feeling awkward or contrived. 4) even if one concedes that the book emasculates other characters, it in no way defeats or addresses the emasculation of jon snow. one does not equal the other. so any points you make about other characters in no way answers whether jon snow has been emasculated on the show compared to what his character is like in the books. further, the facts of the matter are these: jon snow is an intelligent, capable man of the night's watch in the books. his wolf and being a stark -- with the blood of the first men and the old gods -- is why qhorin picks him -- he says that the old gods are important beyond the wall, and therefore, jon is seen as a good luck charm of sorts. not only that, but he has a bamf for a dw. in the books it is nonessential that jon kills ygritte -- the point was for qhorin to understand jon -- b/c like qhorin says, if he wanted the job done, he wouldve done it himself, or given it to someone who would carry it out. on the show, it is essential that he kill ygritte, but he not only fails to do so, but he lets her get the drop on him. this is a textbook definition of emasculation: to make weaker or less effective. it is not a subjective thing you're debating. in one instance he lets her go -- taking the moral high ground (stupid though it may be); in the other instance, he fails to keep her -- making him a less effective nights watchman. emasculation personified. in the books, jon stays with qhorin and ghost. on the show, he somehow has no control over ghost and loses qhorin. he is a weaker and less effective nights watchman. whether you want to debate the merits of making jon so effective at such a young age in the books is a different argument altogether. your agreement with the change does not address the fact that those changes emasculate jon. if i substitute the word emasculate for a synonym -- weaken -- the point is more obvious. jon is a weaker, less effective person in the show. the show has made him this way. he is not this way in the books at this point in the story. therefore, the show has emasculated him.I have no response. Excellent post. Thank you for coming up with an intelligent argument, which is something hard-found on internet message boards.
1686	victim	2012-05-22	oh and they didnt capture qhorinI meant they surrounded them and forced them to either fight or submit. I see that as capture. Oh well, my point has been disproved already.
1687	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	for me dying with steel in your hands is not being captured, /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1688	Acetabularia	2012-05-22	oh and they didnt capture qhorin I meant they surrounded them and forced them to either fight or submit. I see that as capture. Oh well, my point has been disproved already.Just a point of interest here. Do you think Rattleshirt would've let the Halfhand live?!? Correct me if I'm worng, but when Jon and Qhorin are captured in the books Rattleshirt wants to kill them both.
1689	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	absolutely not, nor would qh allow himself to be taken alive, but i suppose it can work, just assum qh was knocked un conscious during the fight and the wildings want to take him to mance, doesnt make sense for a subsequent death match though
1690	Morvran	2012-05-22	I'm holding faith in the writers.  I have to, because if they mess up Jon's thread in the long-term then they've messed up the whole series.  So I'm holding faith that:
-they chose to focus on Ygritte this season in order to have her story arch hold more weight for non-readers next season.
-they added her scenes with Jon b/c they're going to remove some of their future "romance building" scenes next season to focus more on the action.
-they will show his development into a leader and fighter next season
-Ghost will get face time next year (I actually hold little faith in this as they seem to have dropped all the wolves from prominence which really ticks me off)
1691	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	Jon is still a boy - and this has to be underlined in the early seasons. He has to make many mistakes, at both craster's place and the wildlings, so that he will reflect on these later on and become a MAN of the night's watch.I'm getting a little tired of this argument as well, and how much he's going to "develop" next season.  First of all, the latter is a total cop out.  He should be "developing" the entire time, not backtracking.As far as to your point, if jon is such a boy, explain this:1) He was by far the best recruit in his training class, everyone expected him to be a ranger2) He was selected to be the Lord Commander's steward, a role that even the producers of the show exhibited to be a grooming position within the NW to be a future commander3) He saved the LC's life with ghost by killing a wight.4) His character depth grew in GOT when he became a leader amongst his peers and took Tarly under his wing and protected him against the other recruits.  This led to Sam being accepted and liked amongst his peers when that never ever would have happened before.5) jon  earned respect of tyrionSo that is where we leave off GOT with Jon Snow.  Then we pick up this season, he's getting chastised left and right by the LC and others.  He's getting beaten up by Craster and Ghost is nowhere to be found.  All of his accomplishments in this book are being ignored.  Finding the dragonglass, finding the wildling host, climbing and killing a watcher and taking ygritte a prisoner bosslike, being respected by the Halfhand, evading capture by the wildling hunters for days on end.  He was a prodigy coming out of GoT and now, he's a twit.  It's laughable.  Name another character who has had every change made to make him or her look weaker.  Littlefinger started that way this season but is clawing his way out of that hole, but it still wasn't half of the changes for the worse they've made for Jon Snow. It might give him a bigger redemption arc, but it also gives him a less believable, much more inconsistent redemption arc.  The show can't even maintain consistency from season to season.
1692	Morvran	2012-05-22	I'm getting a little tired of this argument as well, and how much he's going to "develop" next season. First of all, the latter is a total cop out. He should be "developing" the entire time, not backtracking.Respectfully, I don't think it's a cop out.  Or, to specify, I think the decision by the writers could be justified.Let me start by saying I love Jon's story in the books, and am annoyed by how the series has adapted it to the screen.  I'm REALLY annoyed that my girlfriend hates when they switch "to the snow scenes" more than any other setting....even more than when they cut to Qarth!!  I want her to love Jon's story like I do, but all the meat has been cut out, leaving hardly more than a few scraps of bone.Ok, that said:  I don't think it's farfetched to watch his 'development' take a step back in his new setting, even if you take into account all the points you made about his role last season.  He wasn't ready to be a Ranger, even if he was sure he was ready, and now we're seeing just how not ready he was.  Let's face it, Ned Stark would have made a horrible Ranger, and Jon has too much of his father in him to be able to just jump into the role and run with it.  He's too questioning, too green, too sympathetic, and still not accepting enough of his role as a Man of the Night's Watch.  Just as he was getting comfortable behind The Wall, he was dragged further north, and he's out of his element again.If there's any major fault I find with the writers right now it's that they've written no sense of foreboding into the area beyond the wall.  To non-readers in particular I think it looks like a bunch of men wandering around in the snow.  That landscape is bleak, but save the one baby-stealing scene there's very little for a viewer to hold on to.  ....And then there's the whole Ghost vanishing thing...Anyway, sometimes a character develops best when it takes a few steps back, and as long as they have Jon take giant leaps forward next season I can roll with this one.
1693	lmanion	2012-05-22	On the whole I am pretty pleased with the adaptation from books to TV but this is the one thing that bugs me each and every time we see Jon for me they have totally screwed his arc in Clash, in the book he has a good enough reputation that Qhorin chooses him to accompany him, he then has a rather significant development IMO that is completely left out and that is his warging of Ghost and discovering the wildling host, then his scene where Qhorin orders him to turn his cloak. In the show it just seems to be oh no Jons on screen he is about to screw up again and get himself and others into more trouble and Ghost isn't even there to help him out.
In the books by far the most boring parts for me were from the Greyjoys in the show unfortunately I seem to be adding Jon to that, the rest of the adaptation is great i just can't stand the butchering of Jon in this series so far.
1694	scurvy	2012-05-22	It was critical in the books that Jon warged with Ghost found the Weirwood in the milkwater and talked to Bran from the dark.  It let us know that Bran wasn't truly dead and that Jon had warging powers.  Now, Jon not only knows nothing, he is nothing.
1695	LeananKite	2012-05-22	For me its not a big deal who found the dragonglass. And as Sam is the one who slaughters the Other, just give him the honour to find the dragonglass to. Who cares. And finding it by digging shitholes is a nice movement.
I think the time of aging up for Jon is still to come even in the books. He is forced to kill Quorin, to go with Mance, then abandons Ygritte.These are hard decisions for him and he grows on them.
Afterwards he organizes the defense of the wall against the Ygritte companie and then against Mance.
I think his caracter has still time to grow up, so perhaps nothing is lost. Besides some boring scenes in this episode.
					
					
							Edited by LeananKite, 22 May 2012 - 10:46 AM.
1696	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	It doesn't bother me too much if a character is changed to be weaker or stronger - as traits by themselves it might be an improvement in adaptation. I care if they're boring/uninteresting.If they're boring and stupid/weak, that's probably the worst combination of qualities for a character. What a snooze. ShowTheon is weak and stupid but he's definitely not boring. ShowCat is, at this point, a weaker character, both stubborn and stupid, sort of one-note, but she drives the action, and now she's being branded a "traitor." ShowRobb seems like a Competent Good Guy, but that also makes him painfully boring (to me at least).If ShowJon was stupid but also something definable- prideful, misguided, flawed, broken, or damaged, then audiences might have more invested in his story. But he's stupid and dull. I can see how the show is trying to make Jon look like an underdog who gets crapped on wildlings and watchmen alike. To make that work successfully, the antagonisms have to be unjustified. I thought Mormont's chiding of him wasn't justified; but it seems like Halfhand's "it's your fault they died" was actually his fault. So it's a mixed bag.I do notice that no one on any message board debates Jon's moral complexity; that's because there's nothing there to debate. If anything, his weakness as a character should give us more fodder to contemplate, but there's nothing much to say about naivete. I suppose the only moral danger he's in is in breaking his vows (in multiple ways), which does come from a place of weakness for him. I'm thinking of Jimmy's character in Boardwalk Empire - somehow it was riveting to see him make painfully naive decisions as he continued to lose against those who bested him. It was weak, but it definitely wasn't a bore.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 22 May 2012 - 11:17 AM.
1697	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	I could go on about all of Jon's other blunders this season, but I am sure everybody in this thread is aware of them. It just really makes me angry when you can tell who the writers favor and who they like best. The writers have done similar things to Stannis, but in a different way, they have made Stannis all around more of an unlikeable person, than he was in the books. D.B. Weiss actually said in a video that Stannis would make a horrible King, and I really don't agree with that. I along with many others, think Stannis would make a good King. That's the beauty of the books, it's up to the individual on how the see a character. However with the show they are basically writing in their own personal opinions of characters, and it is showing. They shouldn't be telling the viewers how to feel about characters. They should leave it like the books, and let the audience deside if the like, or dislike someone.I agree, we shouldn't be able to tell which "king" the writers favor. It's even difficult to determine which character GRRM would prefer to be king (although I've seen some convincing guesses; definitely NOT Joffrey). Not to get too OT, but do you think that they have been overtly undercutting Stannis' good qualities as a king? I thought they were doing an OK job conveying that; especially in this last episode. But yeah, the writers don't seem to care about Jon that much. All I know is - I can't wait to see Jon and Stannis interact because Jon should have the upper hand in those scenes. If they make Jon look like an idiot at that point, then we're in trouble.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 22 May 2012 - 11:44 AM.
1698	summer_stark	2012-05-22	Great post, and very well said. I feel the need to step in here and say that summer_stark Is a bamf. I have no response. Excellent post. Thank you for coming up with an intelligent argument, which is something hard-found on internet message boards.thanks guys
1699	Ghost714	2012-05-22	I agree, we shouldn't be able to tell which "king" the writers favor. It's even difficult to determine which character GRRM would prefer to be king (although I've seen some convincing guesses; definitely NOT Joffrey). Not to get too OT, but do you think that they have been overtly undercutting Stannis' good qualities as a king? I thought they were doing an OK job conveying that; especially in this last episode. But yeah, the writers don't seem to care about Jon that much. All I know is - I can't wait to see Jon and Stannis interact because Jon should have the upper hand in those scenes. If they make Jon look like an idiot at that point, then we're in trouble.Yes, they definitely have cut out the things that would make Stannis a good King IMO. They have made Melisandre seem almost more evil, in comparison to the little screen time they have given her, and because Stannis is with Mel, that makes him look worse. I know he is with her in the books and stuff, but in the books we have more information, so we can see more of Stannis's redeeming qualities. It's like the writers D&D have made up their minds that Melisandre and Stannis are both "bad guys", and IMO that is a bunch of chicken shit. Nobody in the story is pure bad, or pure good, they are suppose to be shades of grey. However, D&D seem to have forgotten that, and I hate how their own personal take on the books is reflecting in how they are writing characters in the show. Most like, after reading ADwD, D&D thought Jon was an idiot from then on, for the "bad" decisions he made in that book. So now it seems like, because they now have it in their minds that Jon is an idiot, that's how they are writing his character for season two. That's the only thing I can think of, because in season one they showed how Jon had the ignorance of youth, but they showed him developing past that. So thats the only thing I can think of, because in ACoK, Jon was not the blundering fool that they show in season two. When they are doing an adaptation, I consider it very bad writing for the writers own personal opinion to shine through into the characters. GRRM's characters are golden, I don't know why they feel the need to change them. The fact that they feel like they have the right to change them, thats a whole different subject that also makes me mad, but I won't go into that. With characters like Margaery, and the need to combine her character with Olenna Tyrell, I think they have done a great job with that, and it was neccisary. Its obvious that they are very proud of their version of Margaery, and I don't have a problem with that, because the character had to be changed for good reasons. However, there isn't really a good reason for changing Jon at all, especially when it's changing him for the worse, and not the better, and especially when their changes completely contradict all the development Jon made in season one. Judging by Jon's character this season, had someone never seen season one, I guarantee you that person would never guess Jon got over himself, and actually started to help his fellow recruits. The line that is most out of character, and the line that bothers me most, is when Jon says "I fought and killed a Wight, how many Rangers can say that?". I am not even sure that is something Jon would have said when he first got to the Watch, let alone after being there for a while. Jon at first thought he was good enough to be a Ranger, and he probably still does, and in the books he probably is good enough to be an actual Ranger. However, Jon would never think he is actually better than most Rangers, he knows that he is no where near the level of Rangers like Qhorin and Benjen. Jon would also never say something like that infront of Lord Commander Mormont, same goes for Qhorin Halfhand. That should have got him laughed at, and it should have been a reason for Qhorin not to pick him. Instead, because of that line, Qhorin lets him go with him? It makes no sense.Speaking of Qhorin, they have completely screwed his character up. Qhorin in the book would never call the Wildlings "goat fuckers". That's something a Steward would say, not a Ranger, and especially not Qhorin. Qhorin has spent a lot of time with the Wildlings, he knows they aren't just godless savages. He knows that they are men, just like him, and he respects them more than that.
1700	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	I agree, we shouldn't be able to tell which "king" the writers favor. It's even difficult to determine which character GRRM would prefer to be king (although I've seen some convincing guesses; definitely NOT Joffrey).You canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t tell which â<U+0080><U+009C>kingâ<U+0080><U+009D> Martin would see king?  Really?  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s right there just as plain as day so that even a little child could see that Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s choice for the kingship is indisputably...HODOR!
1701	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	Respectfully, I don't think it's a cop out.  Or, to specify, I think the decision by the writers could be justified.I'm saying the argument is a cop out, not necessarily what the writes did was a cop out.  Just brushing over inconsistencies and blatant attempts to alter a character from the book by saying, "just wait until next season" is a cop out argument to me.  You could say that about anything.  "Robb Stark's character is ruined"- "well, just wait till next season, they'll fix that".  It's a weak argument.Let me start by saying I love Jon's story in the books, and am annoyed by how the series has adapted it to the screen.  I'm REALLY annoyed that my girlfriend hates when they switch "to the snow scenes" more than any other setting....even more than when they cut to Qarth!!  I want her to love Jon's story like I do, but all the meat has been cut out, leaving hardly more than a few scraps of bone.agreed, its painful compared to how amazing the north is in the books.Ok, that said:  I don't think it's farfetched to watch his 'development' take a step back in his new setting, even if you take into account all the points you made about his role last season.  He wasn't ready to be a Ranger, even if he was sure he was ready, and now we're seeing just how not ready he was.I disagree.  Sure he could have some setbacks---IF HE HAD THEM IN THE BOOKS.  That's the point of this thread.  Every deviation has made him look more incompetent than the books, much more incompetent.  Why leave out that the Halfhand asked for him?  Why make him look like a moron infront of the LC?  Why have someone else find the obsidian? It's too much, but lets consider the show only.  If he's going to have setbacks, don't make him go from the prodigy to a complete boob.  Throw him a bone here or there.  At no point should he look more composed ranging or traveling with the NW than Sam Tarly.  EVER.  Now its going to be even more of a joke when Mance takes him under his wing. Let's face it, Ned Stark would have made a horrible Ranger, and Jon has too much of his father in him to be able to just jump into the role and run with it.  He's too questioning, too green, too sympathetic, and still not accepting enough of his role as a Man of the Night's Watch.  Just as he was getting comfortable behind The Wall, he was dragged further north, and he's out of his element again.Disagree again.  He had all the tools to be a ranger and possibly LC, hence him being selected as Mormont's steward.  It's not like he never saw snow before or hunted anything.  Shit, the Halfhand requested him.  Oh ea, he also walks around with a gigantic white direwolf that never makes a sounds and is supposed to help and protect him. If there's any major fault I find with the writers right now it's that they've written no sense of foreboding into the area beyond the wall.  To non-readers in particular I think it looks like a bunch of men wandering around in the snow.  That landscape is bleak, but save the one baby-stealing scene there's very little for a viewer to hold on toagreed, craster's keep was mildly creepy. .  ....And then there's the whole Ghost vanishing thing...yea, I mean, what's the point of direwolves?  they're an afterthought. Anyway, sometimes a character develops best when it takes a few steps back, and as long as they have Jon take giant leaps forward next season I can roll with this one.no point in making the changes they did, only serves to make his possible giant steps less realistic.  One day this guy loses his companions in a minute in snow that should leave tracks everywhere, gets punked out by ygritte, then he's holding the wall against thousands of wildlings.
1702	Bride of Winter	2012-05-22	With all of this Robb shit, I hadn't even realized how badly they messed up Jon too. either that, or I'm just in denial that HBO managed to singlehandedly ruin both of my favorite characters /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
Bring back smart, snarky, not embarrassingly useless Jon, please.
1703	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	Yes, they definitely have cut out the things that would make Stannis a good King IMO. They have made Melisandre seem almost more evil, in comparison to the little screen time they have given her, and because Stannis is with Mel, that makes him look worse. I know he is with her in the books and stuff, but in the books we have more information, so we can see more of Stannis's redeeming qualities. It's like the writers D&D have made up their minds that Melisandre and Stannis are both "bad guys", and IMO that is a bunch of chicken shit. Nobody in the story is pure bad, or pure good, they are suppose to be shades of grey. However, D&D seem to have forgotten that, and I hate how their own personal take on the books is reflecting in how they are writing characters in the show. Most like, after reading ADwD, D&D thought Jon was an idiot from then on, for the "bad" decisions he made in that book. So now it seems like, because they now have it in their minds that Jon is an idiot, that's how they are writing his character for season two. That's the only thing I can think of, because in season one they showed how Jon had the ignorance of youth, but they showed him developing past that. So thats the only thing I can think of, because in ACoK, Jon was not the blundering fool that they show in season two. When they are doing an adaptation, I consider it very bad writing for the writers own personal opinion to shine through into the characters. GRRM's characters are golden, I don't know why they feel the need to change them. The fact that they feel like they have the right to change them, thats a whole different subject that also makes me mad, but I won't go into that. With characters like Margaery, and the need to combine her character with Olenna Tyrell, I think they have done a great job with that, and it was neccisary. Its obvious that they are very proud of their version of Margaery, and I don't have a problem with that, because the character had to be changed for good reasons. However, there isn't really a good reason for changing Jon at all, especially when it's changing him for the worse, and not the better, and especially when their changes completely contradict all the development Jon made in season one. Judging by Jon's character this season, had someone never seen season one, I guarantee you that person would never guess Jon got over himself, and actually started to help his fellow recruits. The line that is most out of character, and the line that bothers me most, is when Jon says "I fought and killed a Wight, how many Rangers can say that?". I am not even sure that is something Jon would have said when he first got to the Watch, let alone after being there for a while. Jon at first thought he was good enough to be a Ranger, and he probably still does, and in the books he probably is good enough to be an actual Ranger. However, Jon would never think he is actually better than most Rangers, he knows that he is no where near the level of Rangers like Qhorin and Benjen. Jon would also never say something like that infront of Lord Commander Mormont, same goes for Qhorin Halfhand. That should have got him laughed at, and it should have been a reason for Qhorin not to pick him. Instead, because of that line, Qhorin lets him go with him? It makes no sense. Speaking of Qhorin, they have completely screwed his character up. Qhorin in the book would never call the Wildlings "goat fuckers". That's something a Steward would say, not a Ranger, and especially not Qhorin. Qhorin has spent a lot of time with the Wildlings, he knows they aren't just godless savages. He knows that they are men, just like him, and he respects them more than that.yessir.  Plus he let them take him alive?  C'mon...... He wasn't asking Snow where Ghost was?  Qhorin would be all over that.
1704	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	It doesn't bother me too much if a character is changed to be weaker or stronger - as traits by themselves it might be an improvement in adaptation. I care if they're boring/uninteresting. If they're boring and stupid/weak, that's probably the worst combination of qualities for a character. What a snooze. ShowTheon is weak and stupid but he's definitely not boring. ShowCat is, at this point, a weaker character, both stubborn and stupid, sort of one-note, but she drives the action, and now she's being branded a "traitor." ShowRobb seems like a Competent Good Guy, but that also makes him painfully boring (to me at least). If ShowJon was stupid but also something definable- prideful, misguided, flawed, broken, or damaged, then audiences might have more invested in his story. But he's stupid and dull. I can see how the show is trying to make Jon look like an underdog who gets crapped on wildlings and watchmen alike. To make that work successfully, the antagonisms have to be unjustified. I thought Mormont's chiding of him wasn't justified; but it seems like Halfhand's "it's your fault they died" was actually his fault. So it's a mixed bag. I do notice that no one on any message board debates Jon's moral complexity; that's because there's nothing there to debate. If anything, his weakness as a character should give us more fodder to contemplate, but there's nothing much to say about naivete. I suppose the only moral danger he's in is in breaking his vows (in multiple ways), which does come from a place of weakness for him. I'm thinking of Jimmy's character in Boardwalk Empire - somehow it was riveting to see him make painfully naive decisions as he continued to lose against those who bested him. It was weak, but it definitely wasn't a bore.I understand where you're coming from and I certainly agree with Jon's character being boring, stupid, and vapid.  What I don't understand is why the changes were made to intentionally make him look weak, when its inconsistent with how he's been portrayed in the books and on the show.
1705	Morvran	2012-05-22	I'm saying the argument is a cop out, not necessarily what the writes did was a cop out. Just brushing over inconsistencies and blatant attempts to alter a character from the book by saying, "just wait until next season" is a cop out argument to me. You could say that about anything. "Robb Stark's character is ruined"- "well, just wait till next season, they'll fix that". It's a weak argument.It's more about giving them time to show what they've developed for the character.  And yes, it's more about 'hope' than anything when we have nothing to view that shows us what's coming.  If the HBO Jon was the Jon in the books, I'd have lost interest in Jon early on.  I'm depending on the writers to deliver that Jon by the time he gets back to the Wall.  Then again in the show we don't have the benefit of getting inside his head.
1706	Tadco26	2012-05-22	i feel the need to step in here and show you the leg the other posters are standing on. on the one hand, you are correct -- the differences are the show v. the books, with the latter not being an emasculation by the show b/c the books already did that. the point they are making is that the show is emasculating jon snow in a way that the books didn't -- not that the books emasculated other characters, therefore this isn't emasculation, or this emasculation is on the level. those arguments fail to address the points being made. the points being made are: 1) the books made the characters a certain way -- 2) whether or not the way the books made the characters was emasculating is irrelevant. the point is that the characters are being changed such that the producers are emasculating them. 3) the difference b/t the show emasculating them and the books emasculating them is not an insignificant point. the fact of the matter is that the show is based on the characters in the books. period. therefore, though fidelity to storylines and minor characters is unnecessary, the characteristics of major characters is necessary for the show to move in the same direction as the books without feeling awkward or contrived. 4) even if one concedes that the book emasculates other characters, it in no way defeats or addresses the emasculation of jon snow. one does not equal the other. so any points you make about other characters in no way answers whether jon snow has been emasculated on the show compared to what his character is like in the books. further, the facts of the matter are these: jon snow is an intelligent, capable man of the night's watch in the books. his wolf and being a stark -- with the blood of the first men and the old gods -- is why qhorin picks him -- he says that the old gods are important beyond the wall, and therefore, jon is seen as a good luck charm of sorts. not only that, but he has a bamf for a dw. in the books it is nonessential that jon kills ygritte -- the point was for qhorin to understand jon -- b/c like qhorin says, if he wanted the job done, he wouldve done it himself, or given it to someone who would carry it out. on the show, it is essential that he kill ygritte, but he not only fails to do so, but he lets her get the drop on him. this is a textbook definition of emasculation: to make weaker or less effective. it is not a subjective thing you're debating. in one instance he lets her go -- taking the moral high ground (stupid though it may be); in the other instance, he fails to keep her -- making him a less effective nights watchman. emasculation personified. in the books, jon stays with qhorin and ghost. on the show, he somehow has no control over ghost and loses qhorin. he is a weaker and less effective nights watchman. whether you want to debate the merits of making jon so effective at such a young age in the books is a different argument altogether. your agreement with the change does not address the fact that those changes emasculate jon. if i substitute the word emasculate for a synonym -- weaken -- the point is more obvious. jon is a weaker, less effective person in the show. the show has made him this way. he is not this way in the books at this point in the story. therefore, the show has emasculated him.I agree with your points and the OP that Jon's story really has been weakened. A possible alternative to how they could have written the story is for Ygritte to have escaped when Jon chased after her, then have Jon rejoin with Qhorin and be ordered to kill him when the wildling's corner them much earlier in the season.  Then have the Ygritte flirting while walking thru the snow conversations AFTER Jon has joined them.  It seems they could have done that in roughly the same amount of screen time and kept the story more faithful.It will be interesting to see if Jon kills Qhorin this season or next.  After all the reason the wildlings kept them alive was to bring both to Mance, but Mance has not been cast this season as far as I know.
1707	Hear me Meow	2012-05-22	I agree with the OP concerning the changes between Jon Snow and Jon Show in the second season. However, I don't think D&amp;amp;amp;D are being as inconsistent as some people think. Jon Show was never really much like Jon Snow, even in the first season, its just that he did roughly the same kind of stuff and had most of the same lines, so book readers didn't always note the very profound differences. 
Personally I think D&amp;amp;amp;D made it clear in the very first episode that Jon Show was an emasculated, weaker version of his book counterpart. In the novel the first chapter consists of GRRM having Bran beat us round the head with what a precocious, serious, snarky and silver-tongued fourteen year old Jon Snow is. Jon dominates the scene where they find the wolf pups, he is portrayed as bright and sweet, as well as composed and even somewhat haughty. All his lines are there to tell us about his character. In the show, Jon delivers his lines about why they should keep the wolves and about his not being a stark in as unremarkable a way as possible, indeed, they sound like exposition rather than character points. 
Even if this was just the way Harington wanted to play it, D&amp;amp;amp;D rob Jon of his best line, 'I think not Greyjoy' and instead have Theon give him Ghost! Honestly, Jon getting Ghost from Theon is practically the equivalent of being raped and to make it worse Theon mocks him while he is at it, and Jon Show has no comeback. In the novels of course he rides back alone, having heard Ghost scrabbling and finds his own wolf, putting Theon down (who was five years his senior), with an icy stare and a line that dripped of cool composure. In the show there is a soul destroying shot of Jon holding little Ghost with a rather less than masterful expression on his face (the kindest way to put it). 
Examples could be multiplied, but suffice to say this does establish a trend whereby Jon Show finds himself right at the bottom of the food chain in terms of wit and composure. In the novels, right after the first chapter, he was the Stark child to watch out for. In the show D&amp;amp;amp;D showed us Jon's new place, on all fours, on his belly, getting owned by Theon Greyjoy.
Basically, this is all by way of saying that I don't think Jon Show was ever really the same character as Jon Snow. He was always less quick-witted, snarky and competent, a man who was the shadow of the boy he was in the books. 
Some of this, perhaps most of it, is down to the age difference. In the show he can't look younger than twenty and Jon Snow is well written in the novels as a fourteen year old. The rest is due to the character being changed to the same extent as show Cat differs from book Cat.
Jon Show's behaviour in season 2 is therefore in line with his character in season 1 I think, to a greater extent than people are willing to give D&amp;amp;amp;D credit for.
Edit: Having just watched the finding of the direwolves again I need to point out that I was totally wrong to say Jon gets given Ghost by Theon. He does find him himself, in an admittedly underwhelming way compared to the book. But Theon does mock him, 'the runt of the litter, that one's yours snow,' and Jon Show does lack a comeback, quite unlike the books. In the books I'm pretty sure Theon says 'the runt of the litter, its sure to die soon.' In the show Theon kind of apportions Ghost to Jon in a way he doesn't in the books by telling Jon Ghost is his wolf while in the books, 'this one is mine,' is a very forceful line delivered by Jon himself. Theon doesn't hand Jon Ghost though and I was in error here, although I think the basic point still stands. Also in the books I'm pretty sure Ned asks Jon why there is no wolf for him and he says I'm not a Stark to Ned making the statement more dramatic. In the show the line is very subdued, almost cowed, and he just says it to Bran so it has less affect. Please do correct me if I'm wrong here.
					
					
							Edited by Procopius, 25 May 2012 - 01:50 PM.
1708	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	I understand where you're coming from and I certainly agree with Jon's character being boring, stupid, and vapid. What I don't understand is why the changes were made to intentionally make him look weak, when its inconsistent with how he's been portrayed in the books and on the show.Seems like Benioff and Weiss treat Jon as a plot device instead of a fully realized human being. "Jon goes beyond the Wall to find out what's happening up there" is how they seem to view him. In interviews they also talk adoringly about Richard Madden, so they clearly have their favorites. @Procopius - welcome to the forum, interesting post! Don't forget that scene between Jaime and Jon, where Jaime was picking on him like a school yard bully, and Jon could do nothing but take it.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 22 May 2012 - 05:26 PM.
1709	dreamcatcher	2012-05-22	Someone needs to show the writers this thread. Let them know we are severely disappointed with a major character's story. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1710	dreamcatcher	2012-05-22	How is Jon a Gary Stu in the books? I'd be the first to say he's a boring cliche, but to be a Gary Stu he has to be some sort of wish fulfilment fantasy for the writer, and who'd want to be Jon Snow? His life sucks throughout the books. He loses his father and his brothers, he lives on the end of the world where it's cold all the time, he can't get married or even have sex without feeling guilty, his girlfriend dies fighting against him, he gets assassinated by his own men...I agree. He's been through so much fucked up shit, he's suffering from depression, his family dies, his friends leave, he's assassinated - eeh not very gary-stu-like to me. Just because he survived longer than most, doesn't mean he's this one-dimensional character that's the definition of a Mary Sue or Gary Stu.
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 22 May 2012 - 05:36 PM.
1711	House Snow	2012-05-22	Someone needs to show the writers this thread. Let them know we are severely disappointed with a major character's story. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Yeah let Bryan Cogman know, oh yeah people kind of screwed that one up.  Way to go book purists.
1712	dreamcatcher	2012-05-22	Yeah let Bryan Cogman know, oh yeah people kind of screwed that one up. Way to go book purists.Geez, just because they go left everytime Jon in the story went right, it means I'm a book purist. I don't complain about other things, I actually like some changes, but considering they seriously f*cked up a protagonist this season (making him EXTREMELY unlikeable), did you think there'd be no backlash? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Oh and a writer left twitter, boo hoo, if Peter Jackson left facebook every time someone criticised his work (he is hated even by the Tolkien family), he'd have left facebook a million times by now.
1713	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	The only main character in the books who was less interesting than â<U+0080><U+009C>Jonâ<U+0080><U+009D> was Dany. I hated every one of his chapters before Dance. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m glad HBO has recognized this problem and addressed it.  Both of them, actually.
1714	House Snow	2012-05-22	The only main character in the books who was less interesting than â<U+0080><U+009C>Jonâ<U+0080><U+009D> was Dany. I hated every one of his chapters before Dance. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m glad HBO has recognized this problem and addressed it. Both of them, actually.I'm with you on that. Although I think Show Ygritte will help a lot.  Its wierd how so many of the characters that I didn't love in the book somehow translated better on TV while still keeping the feel of the book.
1715	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I think D&D completely misunderstand Jon.  They said in an inside the episode edition that jon was in search of a father figure.  I think that is completely wrong.  Jon has had a father figure, in fact many father figures-Ned, Ser Rodrik and Maester Luwin.  What Jon has missed is a mother figure.  A strong father figure (of the types Jon has had) will instill in Jon independance, stoicism, and similar traits that lead jon to be a perfect leader of men.  WHat Jon has not had (and I would deem this the deciding factor in his development) was a lack of a nurturing maternal figure.  How that translated to GRRMs characterization was a questioning of his place in the world.  He has no idea who he is.  He is not a true Stark,thus leading to feelings of inadequacy  That lack of nurturing mother would reasonably result in a lack of empathy, agression and anger that I think were offset by Ned's instilled sense of honor.
Where I think D&D have gone wrong is treating Jon as a lost boy searching for a father figure, thus defining TV jons relationship with Mormont and a need to show Jon being "developed" by Mormont in ways that dont ring true with book JOn.  Jon displayed from early on his leadership abilities=sword training, leading  his fellow trainees, treatment of Sam.  that type of maturity just does not jive with the kid who gets beat up by Caster, for not being a good steward, for incompetence on the trail with QH.
Many of the things described above about Jons "failings" in the book=taking shit from Jamie or Theon result not from a lack of self confidence or ability, but a lack of identity. 
Again, book JOn, which has not translated to show Jon, is a born leader, Ned Starks son.  D&D seem to miss that fact.
1716	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-22	As others have mentioned I honestly found Jon's chapters to be quite boring once he left Winterfell and headed to the Wall. And then North of the Wall. 
I was hoping that the TV Series would make it more interesting but so far its just boring with beautiful scenery and thats about it. Good thing Kit Harrington is good looking because I'd fast forward every single scene. As it is the only scenes I do watch are him and Ygritte....
1717	Envie	2012-05-22	This has been a thoroughly enjoyable thread to read - I actually read all six pages! I feel everyone on both sides of this debate has made really good points and that is why I don't have any to add myself, which haven't already been said or discussed.My opinion is that Jon Snow in the series was true to the inexperienced naive way they portrayed him in the books during season one, and then somewhere along the line in season two they've forgotten to 'age' him up and let him start becoming more of the man he will have to be by the time the entire Night's Watch falls on his shoulders.Sure - the arguments here that they've still got plenty of film time left to "turn him into a man" (and hopefully save his character's pitiful reputation at this point) -  and that his killing Qhorin is that defining moment of manhood for Jon are all valid suggestions, but at this point they're just speculation. We all hope sincerely they do in fact give Jon Snow a more upward trend in his actions from here on out because he's pretty much sunk to an all time low.I also want to say that for me, the two additional blunders for Jon that the producers added on top of everything else (Craster's attack and the Ygritte chase/capture scenes) really just felt gratuitous and not necessary. I am not sure why they felt the necessity of adding those when Jon's story line was plenty interesting enough on its own as written. It feels like they wanted him to be seen as more incompetent than he was in the books. He did make mistakes in the books, that's why his story of rise to leadership was so good. There just wasn't the need to add fictitious mistakes he didn't even do.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 22 May 2012 - 07:29 PM.
1718	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	Quotes from the episode that made me change my mind -slightly- about where they're going with this:Qhorin: "Mance is gonna march on the Wall, and when he does, one brother inside his army will be worth 1,000 fighting against it."So sounds like Qhorin trusts Jon enough to be THAT man.Qhorin: "How does it feel knowing those men all died so you could skip through the snow with your little savage girl? I should have known better trusting a traitor's bastard."Because Jon clearly "stole" Ygritte, ran away with her (as wildling men do) and endangered his brothers for the sake of her, in the next episode it's easier to say that going to the wildlings is intentional on Jon's part. He already looks like a wildling and a turncloak, and his actions back that up before he even kills Qhorin. I think D&amp;amp;D made this change because they didn't think killing Qhorin was convincing enough for the wildlings to believe he had turned.Downside to this upside: regardless of whether it fits Qhorin's plan, Jon still weakened their position. Instead of being intentionally traitorous, it was just stupid thinking on his part. Damn, now I'm wondering if Qhorin's line that he "should have known better" had a bit of truth to it in his mind.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 22 May 2012 - 08:10 PM.
1719	Sanette	2012-05-22	I agree with the OP concerning the changes between Jon Snow and Jon Show in the second season. However, I don't think D&amp;D are being as inconsistent as some people think. Jon Show was never really much like Jon Snow, even in the first season, its just that he did roughly the same kind of stuff and had most of the same lines, so book readers didn't always note the very profound differences.Personally I think D&amp;D made it clear in the very first episode that Jon Show was an emasculated, weaker version of his book counterpart. In the novel the first chapter consists of GRRM having Bran beat us round the head with what a precocious, serious, snarky and silver-tongued fourteen year old Jon Snow is. Jon dominates the scene where they find the wolf pups, he is portrayed as bright and sweet, as well as composed and even somewhat haughty. All his lines are there to tell us about his character. In the show, Jon delivers his lines about why they should keep the wolves and about his not being a stark in as unremarkable a way as possible, indeed, they sound like exposition rather than character points.Even if this was just the way Harington wanted to play it, D&amp;D rob Jon of his best line, 'I think not Greyjoy' and instead have Theon give him Ghost! Honestly, Jon getting Ghost from Theon is practically the equivalent of being raped and to make it worse Theon mocks him while he is at it, and Jon Show has no comeback. In the novels of course he rides back alone, having heard Ghost scrabbling and finds his own wolf, putting Theon down (who was five years his senior), with an icy stare and a line that dripped of cool composure. In the show there is a soul destroying shot of Jon holding little Ghost with a rather less than masterful expression on his face (the kindest way to put it).Examples could be multiplied, but suffice to say this does establish a trend whereby Jon Show finds himself right at the bottom of the food chain in terms of wit and composure. In the novels, right after the first chapter, he was the Stark child to watch out for. In the show D&amp;D showed us Jon's new place, on all fours, on his belly, getting owned by Theon Greyjoy.Basically, this is all by way of saying that I don't think Jon Show was ever really the same character as Jon Snow. He was always less quick-witted, snarky and competent, a man who was the shadow of the boy he was in the books.Some of this, perhaps most of it, is down to the age difference. In the show he can't look younger than twenty and Jon Snow is well written in the novels as a fourteen year old. The rest is due to the character being changed to the same extent as show Cat differs from book Cat.Jon Show's behaviour in season 2 is therefore in line with his character in season 1 I think, to a greater extent than people are willing to give D&amp;D credit for.You make a really good point. I've never looked at it this way but you're right. So they've been weakening his character from the get go. Great! I'm not against changes but what they've done to Jon is really pitiful. I mean, they took my favourite character from the books and made him a guy I would probably hate reading about. Dany is similar to show!Jon but that's just how she is written. And it's not just that they make him look stupid while doing dumb mistakes, they also have all the other characters tell him how stupid he is. And Jon just stares and says nothing. Even my father, who never read the books, thinks that Jon looks like an idiot.My favourite scene from Jon's storyline this season is the dialogue between him, Sam and Gilly. It's straight out of the book and his character is the same. It's also Kit's strongest scene this season imo. And I agree with the point that D&D have their favourites. I almost never hear them talk about Jon or Kit. It's always the kids, Peter, Richard and Emilia. I believe the biggest mistakes within his storyline are somewhat reparable but I don't have high hopes at this point.
1720	Nine of Spades	2012-05-22	You make a really good point. I've never looked at it this way but you're right. So they've been weakening his character from the get go. Great! I'm not against changes but what they've done to Jon is really pitiful. I mean, they took my favourite character from the books and made him a guy I would probably hate reading about. Dany is similar to show!Jon but that's just how she is written. And it's not just that they make him look stupid while doing dumb mistakes, they also have all the other characters tell him how stupid he is. And Jon just stares and says nothing. Even my father, who never read the books, thinks that Jon looks like an idiot.My favourite scene from Jon's storyline this season is the dialogue between him, Sam and Gilly. It's straight out of the book and his character is the same. It's also Kit's strongest scene this season imo. And I agree with the point that D&D have their favourites. I almost never hear them talk about Jon or Kit. It's always the kids, Peter, Richard and Emilia. I believe the biggest mistakes within his storyline are somewhat reparable but I don't have high hopes at this point.I think even that scene gets the Sam/Jon dynamic wrong. Jon Show seems exasperated and frustrated that Sam is bringing this to him, whereas Jon Snow seemed frustrated at times with Sam, but I dont think he ever lost his patience with him and became irritable. I think he loves Sams big naive heart, and it makes him sad to have to break it.
1721	Hear me Meow	2012-05-22	''My opinion is that Jon Snow in the series was true to the inexperienced naive way they portrayed him in the books during season one, and then somewhere along the line in season two they've forgotten to 'age' him up and let him start becoming more of the man he will have to be by the time the entire Night's Watch falls on his shoulders.''I think its undeniable that they did capture his inexperience in the first season, as well as his sullen nature and his angst. All very important facets of Jon's character in the first book. Trouble is though, that was all they managed to portray and very significant elements of book Jon were lost. There are a number of reasons for this but the most salient is simply the decision to age him up. Perhaps I'm more hung up on the original ages than most but I thought Jon really worked as a fourteen year old. I like some teenage angst, but it ceases to be in anyway cute, endearing or sympathetic when portrayed by a twenty-four year old.Crucially it makes show Jon look pretty immature and even underdeveloped. I always got the contrary impression from Jon Snow in the books. If you bore his age in mind when reading his chapters he seemed to cope very well for the most part, and his mistakes didn't detract all that much from his intelligence or his decent character. At the beginning of the book he was established as mature for his age (both Benjen and Luwin agreed with this) and that aspect of him is lost completely simply by having a twenty four year old play him. If show Jon actually looked anything like the character from the books he would be much more impressive I think. He was master of the training yard when he must have been one of the youngest men there. Grown men and late teens ended up being led by a little teenager. Age him up and his natural abilities and the training he received at Winterfell that made him a precocious nascent leader all vanish.There might be no help for this, although given they were so willing to make character changes elsewhere you might have though they would be a bit more eager to undo the damage caused by giving a twenty four year old lines written for a fourteen year old.Even if this was no good, through a series of alterations and omissions to Jon's story in the series, in particular, but not only, the opening scene with the direwolf pups, they made him a less impressive character than the boy in the books. Kind of like rubbing salt in the wound. I thought he was at his most impressive at Castle Black in book one when he persuaded Aemon to ask for Sam as his steward so he would be passed on from Ser Alliser. This was really the only time he did something bright without prompting and while they couldn't do every scene this one would, I think, have done most to remedy the unfortunate impression they created that Jon is not very bright.Now, I don't want to be nasty to Kit Harington. He is a good actor, very committed to the show and a fan of the books too. I just don't think he is very good at getting across Jon's budding leadership qualities or his intelligence (Emilia Clarke on the other hand, seems to handle Dany very well in this respect). Perhaps I'm just not a fan of the accent D&amp;amp;D make him do, but his delivery  fails to convey any sense that he is talented and a natural leader (to me anyway). Also, more than any other character he undergoes a lot of tutelage and he never looks very clever while this is happening. I just don't think his expressions really show him learning and pondering what he has been told and I think book Jon was a thoughtful character. Show Jon looks dopey (actually this is a substantial understatement). Loads of people seem not to mind so maybe this is not such a big deal. It seems very jarring to me.But yeah, while Jon's inexperience sure did transition to the screen not much else did. For this reason I don't agree that D&amp;amp;D's characterization this season is that out. In the show Jon is unquestionably the stupidest of the Stark children and this is just being brought out this season. He isn't this way in the books but he was never the same character, even from the start. I think the changes to Jon this season from the books show D&D being perceptive about the new characters that have been created by the adaptation. They are thinking on their feet about how to develop Jon realistically now that he is very different to the way he was in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Procopius, 22 May 2012 - 10:26 PM.
1722	TheWanderer	2012-05-22	I think D&D completely misunderstand Jon. They said in an inside the episode edition that jon was in search of a father figure. I think that is completely wrong. Jon has had a father figure, in fact many father figures-Ned, Ser Rodrik and Maester Luwin.While these figures are all strong men, I'm not sure any of them would have been father figures to Jon. A father is more than a guiding hand and life-lessons, there's supposed to be love there as well. I'm not sure that Ned ever really showed Jon affection and I think the fact that such a strong potential father figure was there and they didn't connect would eat at Jon.Jon displayed from early on his leadership abilities=sword training, leading his fellow trainees, treatment of Sam. that type of maturity just does not jive with the kid who gets beat up by Caster, for not being a good steward, for incompetence on the trail with QH.Jon learned in season 1 how to relate with other people his age, these next two seasons he's going to learn how to command them. Mormont criticizes Jon for not being able to look the other way, but that's not something he would've ever learned before. I have no doubt that Ned would teach he's sons to protect the weak but I seriously doubt he would teach them that discretion is occasionally the better part of valour (as he himself fails at this). So, Jon is learning something new this season its not a retread of stuff he should know so its not emasculating in my opinion.As far as to your point, if jon is such a boy, explain this: 1) He was by far the best recruit in his training class, everyone expected him to be a ranger 2) He was selected to be the Lord Commander's steward, a role that even the producers of the show exhibited to be a grooming position within the NW to be a future commander 3) He saved the LC's life with ghost by killing a wight. 4) His character depth grew in GOT when he became a leader amongst his peers and took Tarly under his wing and protected him against the other recruits. This led to Sam being accepted and liked amongst his peers when that never ever would have happened before.None of these things require maturity, or wisdom. He is a good sword fighter because he was trained to be, this is also how he killed the wight and, at least initially, why his peers respected him. As far as being selected as the LC's steward that means that people think he has the potential to be a great leader (and he does) not that he is ready to do so now. If Mormont thought Jon was ready to lead then he wouldn't have to groom him for the position.That's the only thing I can think of, because in season one they showed how Jon had the ignorance of youth, but they showed him developing past that.No they didn't. They showed him getting slightly better. Becoming a man is not a simple step up, its a long and gradual process. Yes, Jon no longer thinks he's better than his brothers; why does that mean he is now no longer ignorant of anything?The line that is most out of character, and the line that bothers me most, is when Jon says "I fought and killed a Wight, how many Rangers can say that?". I am not even sure that is something Jon would have said when he first got to the Watch, let alone after being there for a while. Jon at first thought he was good enough to be a Ranger, and he probably still does, and in the books he probably is good enough to be an actual Ranger. However, Jon would never think he is actually better than most Rangers, he knows that he is no where near the level of Rangers like Qhorin and Benjen.I didn't take the statement as a boast, certainly not one about being better than other Rangers. Jon was trying to get Mormont and the Halfhand to give him a chance to prove himself. It's actually in line with his previous character development to. In S1 Jon would've said he deserved to go because of who he is, this season he tries to show them that he is capable, that he has fought this enemy and can defeat it. It's not "I'm a BAMF and deserve to be on this mission" it's "I won't be a liability, I can handle myself remember".Speaking of Qhorin, they have completely screwed his character up. Qhorin in the book would never call the Wildlings "goat fuckers". That's something a Steward would say, not a Ranger, and especially not Qhorin. Qhorin has spent a lot of time with the Wildlings, he knows they aren't just godless savages. He knows that they are men, just like him, and he respects them more than that.I totally think "goat fuckers" is in line with Qhorin's thinking about the wildlings. It's not a slight against their religion, or lack thereof, it's simply a statement about the way they live. It's even possible that it's true. I also find it interesting that Ygritte is quick to suggest something similar about the Night's Watch. Qhorin's been done quite well I think and I'm personally quite fine with the fact that the show went out and got good actors to play minor characters like him, Edd and others rather than blowing their money on CGIing direwolves into every scene.
1723	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I respectfully disagree, I believe that Jon had alot of loving male figures in his life growing up.  They may not have been soft girlie men (they ar e northerners), but clearly they loved Jon, Ser Rodik and Luwin asmuch as Ned, in their own ways.  Now obviously a stoic winter is coming northerner is going to be grim, but the love is there, demonstrated by the harsh life lessons taught. It is jon which instructs bran to watch the beheading, showing that Jon has been taught a similar lesson by Ned et al in the past.  Jon was raised by the  men of Winterfell as an equal to Robb and Bran and was affectionate with his sisters esp arya.  It was cat that rejected him and kept him at a distance, but that does not mean the love that Ned or Ser rodrik or Luwin showed Jon was just dutiful, that it was less than real or at least I am not aware of any evidence to that end
1724	victim	2012-05-22	I'm still holding on to hopes that this story can be rectified. I think a redemptive arc could be in full swing by the end of the season if -- say for example, Qhorin reiterates the failure Jon has been North of the Wall, giving him his one final task to infiltrate the Wildlings and bring them down from within. By the time Qhorin is dead and Jon joins the Wildlings his redemption arc would already be well under way. As long as Season 3 reinforces the fact that Jon was the one who saved the entire Watch by returning after the Queenscrown incident, I think there's enough basis to show his leadership abilities.
At the same time I'm worried they'll pull a Donnie Brasco and it will seem as if Jon has become a Wildling when really all they have to do is show Jon realising, "Hey, these Wildlings aren't as bad as I thought they'd be but there still my enemy." If they show the Wildlings as horrible people, when Jon let's them through the Wall it will be the pinnacle of idiocy. In fact, Jon's movements in Book 5 were smart, it's just his brothers didn't think so.
1725	Ghost714	2012-05-22	While these figures are all strong men, I'm not sure any of them would have been father figures to Jon. A father is more than a guiding hand and life-lessons, there's supposed to be love there as well. I'm not sure that Ned ever really showed Jon affection and I think the fact that such a strong potential father figure was there and they didn't connect would eat at Jon.Jon learned in season 1 how to relate with other people his age, these next two seasons he's going to learn how to command them. Mormont criticizes Jon for not being able to look the other way, but that's not something he would've ever learned before. I have no doubt that Ned would teach he's sons to protect the weak but I seriously doubt he would teach them that discretion is occasionally the better part of valour (as he himself fails at this). So, Jon is learning something new this season its not a retread of stuff he should know so its not emasculating in my opinion.None of these things require maturity, or wisdom. He is a good sword fighter because he was trained to be, this is also how he killed the wight and, at least initially, why his peers respected him. As far as being selected as the LC's steward that means that people think he has the potential to be a great leader (and he does) not that he is ready to do so now. If Mormont thought Jon was ready to lead then he wouldn't have to groom him for the position.No they didn't. They showed him getting slightly better. Becoming a man is not a simple step up, its a long and gradual process. Yes, Jon no longer thinks he's better than his brothers; why does that mean he is now no longer ignorant of anything?I didn't take the statement as a boast, certainly not one about being better than other Rangers. Jon was trying to get Mormont and the Halfhand to give him a chance to prove himself. It's actually in line with his previous character development to. In S1 Jon would've said he deserved to go because of who he is, this season he tries to show them that he is capable, that he has fought this enemy and can defeat it. It's not "I'm a BAMF and deserve to be on this mission" it's "I won't be a liability, I can handle myself remember".I totally think "goat fuckers" is in line with Qhorin's thinking about the wildlings. It's not a slight against their religion, or lack thereof, it's simply a statement about the way they live. It's even possible that it's true. I also find it interesting that Ygritte is quick to suggest something similar about the Night's Watch. Qhorin's been done quite well I think and I'm personally quite fine with the fact that the show went out and got good actors to play minor characters like him, Edd and others rather than blowing their money on CGIing direwolves into every scene.When Jon said "I fought and killed a Wight, how many Rangers can say that", I don't know how it could be taken as anything but him boasting, and I think the show confirmed that, when they had Mormont saying "you also let an old man get the best of you, and take your sword"(Mormont said something like that). Also, when Jon is saying that, he is definitely implying that he has done something that most Rangers haven't, and it comes off like he is trying to say he is more qualified than most Rangers because of it. Even though killing a Wight is impressive, that does not actually mean he would automatically be an awesome Ranger. Hell, Sam killed an Other, and he would make a terrible Ranger. The Jon in season one stopped thinking he was better than his fellow Brothers in training, and now in season two he thinks he is more qualified, and in a way, better than any Ranger who has not "fought and killed a Wight. I don't know how you can think that line was not showing Jon's incompetence, because before Jon left, Mormont said "I hope you make a better Ranger than you did a Steward". So Mormont multiple times in just this one episode, not to mention the Craster episode, has said things to Jon about his incompetence. As for show Qhorin, he is nothing like Qhorin from ACoK, physically and otherwise. Qhorin has a respect and understanding for the Wildlings, he still fights them, but he does not hate them. In the book, Qhorin was a more solemn, soft spoken kind of guy, despite him being a rather big, but slender guy. Qhorin from the books would never say "now come on, let's go find these goat fuckers". Qhorin was like Mance when Mance was still a Brother of the Nights Watch. Mance respected the Wildlings and understood them, he didn't view them like Bowen Marsh would. On page 764 of the paperback edition of ACoK, Qhorin says, "Only fools like Thoren Smallwood despise the wildlings. They are as brave as we are, Jon. As strong, as quick, as clever. But they have no discipline." The Qhorin who tells Jon something like that, is nothing like the Qhorin who call the Wildlings "goat fuckers".And that whole speech Qhorin gave Jon, before they got to Ygritte, about how he does not want Jon to be happy to die for the Watch, and how nobody would know Jon's name, but he could know that he died to save someone south of the Wall, etc... That whole speech wasn't really out of character for book Qhorin, the delivery was a little, but that speech wasn't. However, at the end of the speech, when Qhorin asked Jon if he understands, and Jon said yes, then Qhorin said "then your even dumber than I thought. It's just words boy. Words to help us sleep at night". That's not something Qhorin would say, he was all about giving his life for the Watch, and he even said that's why they do what they do, in the books. Book Qhorin would never ridicule Jon for saying he understands, after he just went into this big rant to explain something to Jon, only to say it was all a bunch of bullshit.I am not saying the actor playing Qhorin is bad, I am saying the writing for him is bad.
1726	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	Of interest to this thread: interview with Kit Harington, who says he thinks Jon Snow is "quite stupid" and "doesn't think ahead"
1727	Ghost714	2012-05-23	Of interest to this thread: interview with Kit Harington, who says he thinks Jon Snow is "quite stupid" and "doesn't think ahead"That kind of upsets me, I don't know if he is saying that just from reading the books, or of the show Jon is reflecting in his view of Jon. I am glad he has read the books, the first four anyway, and I think all the actors should read the books to really get a good understanding of the characters, and the story. However, from that interview and others, I do not get that much of an impression that he really knows the books that well. I certainly would not say he knows them as well as most the fans dedicated to these forums. Again, I am glad he actually has read some of the books, I just don't think he has the best understanding of them, and Jon as a character, for that matter.
1728	Nine of Spades	2012-05-23	Of interest to this thread: interview with Kit Harington, who says he thinks Jon Snow is "quite stupid" and "doesn't think ahead"Yeah, the actor has no clue.
					
					
							Edited by Nine of Spades, 23 May 2012 - 01:39 AM.
1729	Ghost714	2012-05-23	Yeah, the actor has no clue.Yeah, I don't like to think it, because I want to really like Kit Harington, because I really like Jon Snow.... But he really has no freaking clue.
1730	Sanette	2012-05-23	Of interest to this thread: interview with Kit Harington, who says he thinks Jon Snow is "quite stupid" and "doesn't think ahead"Wait a moment, he was misquoted in that interview. He said it himself. I actually think he understands Jon more than the writers do.
1731	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	That interview makes sense, sounds like he and the producers are on the same page, and it comes across onscreen.  Thx for the link Shelly.
1732	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	If someone says, "i kind of regret saying that.  I think i was slightly misquoted." it sounds more like, i regret saying that SO ill say i was misquoted to me.
1733	Sanette	2012-05-23	If someone says, "i kind of regret saying that.  I think i was slightly misquoted." it sounds more like, i regret saying that SO ill say i was misquoted to me.Both could be true, I guess. Me and my friends were really pissed when he said that, though. At least he took it back. I wonder if he got that impression of Jon only after he read the scripts and talked with D&D about it, since the character was never this stupid in the book.
1734	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Both could be true, I guess. Me and my friends were really pissed when he said that, though. At least he took it back. I wonder if he got that impression of Jon only after he read the scripts and talked with D&D about it, since the character was never this stupid in the book.I agree, he definitely seems to be on the same page as them.  He said it multiple times in that interview too.Agreed about taking it back, that was classy.  Jon's probably the second least impulsive child out of Ned's 6 kids behind only Sansa for chrissake!
1735	Le Cygne	2012-05-23	Jon had a father figure (from A Game of Thrones):Ned brought his bastard home with him, and called him "son" for all the north to see...Jon was never out of sight, and as he grew, he looked more like Ned than any of the trueborn sons she bore him. Somehow that made it worse. "Jon must go," she said now."He and Robb are close," Ned said. "I had hoped . . . ""He cannot stay here," Catelyn said, cutting him off. "He is your son, not mine. I will not have him." It was hard, she knew, but no less the truth. Ned would do the boy no kindness by leaving him here at Winterfell.The look Ned gave her was anguished...He didn't have a mother figure, and Catelyn was cruel to him.
1736	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-23	Sanette, thanks for the clarification. Thanks to KH too for giving his character more credit. I'm curious if he sees any contrasts between ShowJon and BookJon. I remember in past interviews that asked him that question, he seemed to focus more on differences in Sam and Jon's interactions. But now I wonder - does Jon make mistakes in books 2 and 3 from acting on impulse?  I just remember big mistakes in book 5, which I thought KH hadn't read yet?ETA: Agree with Mulled Wino - Jon is not an impulsive Stark. We see his thought processes and he usually considers things from all angles. He's a deep thinker.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 23 May 2012 - 09:23 AM.
1737	niA±ostark	2012-05-23	Ghost is the worst warg partner/guardian direwolf in history right now.you made my day with this!!and yes, they're making jon snow look like a moron
1738	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	While these figures are all strong men, I'm not sure any of them would have been father figures to Jon. A father is more than a guiding hand and life-lessons, there's supposed to be love there as well. I'm not sure that Ned ever really showed Jon affection and I think the fact that such a strong potential father figure was there and they didn't connect would eat at Jon.This is entirely wrong.  Ned did show affection and certainly taught life lessons and was a guiding hand.  Why assume otherwise.  We know he did for Rob, and he and Jon were inseperable.Jon learned in season 1 how to relate with other people his age, these next two seasons he's going to learn how to command them. Mormont criticizes Jon for not being able to look the other way, but that's not something he would've ever learned before. I have no doubt that Ned would teach he's sons to protect the weak but I seriously doubt he would teach them that discretion is occasionally the better part of valour (as he himself fails at this). So, Jon is learning something new this season its not a retread of stuff he should know so its not emasculating in my opinion. None of these things require maturity, or wisdom. He is a good sword fighter because he was trained to be, this is also how he killed the wight and, at least initially, why his peers respected him. As far as being selected as the LC's steward that means that people think he has the potential to be a great leader (and he does) not that he is ready to do so now. If Mormont thought Jon was ready to lead then he wouldn't have to groom him for the position.Totally missing the point.  No one is saying Jon shouldn't have some growing pains and make mistakes, the point is that all season they make Jon look like a dummy.  Every alteration from the books have served to emasculate his character even more- almost comically.  Additionally, they are giving other characters credit for doing things on the show that Snow did in the books. He hasn't progressed at all yet this season.  At least last season he learned a few lessons and moved on.  There are 2 episodes left and he's going from blunder to blunder, I think they are going to ask us to make a massive leap of faith to believe that boob Jon can turn into the LC Jon. No they didn't. They showed him getting slightly better.which they aren't doing anymoreBecoming a man is not a simple step up, its a long and gradual process.To become a greater man or woman, you have to be able to adapt and move forward.  you can't get mired down in every new situation you find yourself in, there has to be an accumulation of knowledge (experience/teachings) that you draw from to handle new situations more effectively as you get older.  If you don't, you'll never get anywhere.  For example, he DEFINITELY learned some things from his father (who has said in the books that he treated Jon like a son by the way) about leadership.  probably more so that socializing, which was one of his problems in season 1. I totally think "goat fuckers" is in line with Qhorin's thinking about the wildlings. It's not a slight against their religion, or lack thereof, it's simply a statement about the way they live. It's even possible that it's true. I also find it interesting that Ygritte is quick to suggest something similar about the Night's Watch. Qhorin's been done quite well I think and I'm personally quite fine with the fact that the show went out and got good actors to play minor characters like him, Edd and others rather than blowing their money on CGIing direwolves into every scene.You can't be serious with this. Even the direwolf thing.  no one wants them every scene but they are ESSENTIAL to the Starks.  They were heavily relied on by the starks in GoT, but now all the sudden its like they're completely missing season 2.  More inconsistency.
1739	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	you made my day with this!! and yes, they're making jon snow look like a moronAt least Lady followed alongside the litter when they were going to KL.  Freakin Ghost is doing whatever while Jon gets slapped around by Craster, while Jon gets lost, and when Jon gets taken prisoner.He didn't even tell anyone about a wildling host of 30k with stinky ass giants and mommoths.  I know he can't make noise but at least make it look like you try.  Reminds me of one of my employees I'm dying to let go.
1740	Hear me Meow	2012-05-23	Does anyone think Jon Show is badly out of character in regards to how he is in the books even without the addition of the incompetence? See, I don't really think getting knocked out by Craster or even chasing after Ygritte are essentially untrue to Jon Snow's character in the novels, but I think lots of other changes are.In episode six, regardless of the farce of the chase storyline, Jon Show is I think less self aware and sympathetic before Ygritte gives him the slip than he is in the novels just before he lets her go. Its not just that he loses control of the situation, although he does, its the way he talks to her while he's trying to muster the resolution to execute her. Now, most of the dialogue in the show in that scene does follow A Clash of Kings closely, with the exception of one really crucial line which, had it been included, would have changed the whole scene.In the book Jon Snow does indeed say 'I'm as much a crow as they are' and 'Someone might see the smoke' but he also asks Ygritte 'aren't you afraid?' Jon Show delivers the first two lines in a tone that sounds like he is trying to be a hard man. He is not showing sympathy with Ygritte and he doesn't want to let his guard down. I wouldn't exactly say his delivery was aggressive but there was no kindness there. Had the third line been included I think it would have been hard to play the scene that way. You don't ask 'Aren't you afraid' in the tone Jon Show was using.Personally, the way I read the scene in the novels was that Jon Snow was sad and regretful when he said all three lines and wasn't afraid of letting his feelings show, but even if that is open to interpretation the third line makes it hard to believe Jon Snow's tone didn't soften at some point. He was quite willing to admit his weakness to Ygritte even while he was debating whether to kill her. I don't know whether the change between the book and the show emasculates Jon Show, in the way other changes do, but it does make him seem rather less thoughtful and kind than he was portrayed in the novels. Jon Show lacks depth and given the line in question is one of the few omitted from the scene it looks like the change was pretty calculated.As to what happens after, if Ygritte had got away without this being the result of Jon Show changing his mind midstrike the chase wouldn't have been so out of character. Jon Snow is pretty green , its just he never comes across like the utter fool Jon Show did. Jon Show never really makes up his mind about what he wants to do. Its not even clear in the show he had decided to spare Ygritte at that point, he just couldn't kill her then. The way the scene played out gutted a noble decision completely and made Jon's decision, the product of mercy in the novels, seem like weakness and stupidity. The additional scenes between Jon and Ygritte, although not in the novels do capture something of the dynamic between the two in the first half of a Storm of Swords, which I don't remember very well. But does anyone else think Jon Show has a bit too much sexual angst in these scenes, compared to the books? Jon Snow was broody about a lot of things but I didn't get the impression his enforced celibacy was really one of them. I had the impression he was more clueless and embarrassed when faced with Ygritte's persistence and I certainly don't remember him ever shouting at her or losing his cool in the way Jon Show did. Maybe I'm wrong about this but I can't imagine book Jon getting in a huff over mention of stones and bones. He was mighty offended when Tormund suggested he was a eunuch but that was it.But the really stupid part of those scenes (and they were stupid all the way through) was Jon Show's reaction to Ygritte's offer of a life away from the wall in the wilds. She says something about having a cabin and women of his own etc, choosing what time to get out of bed and so on. Kit very convincingly shows how this offer hits home with Jon Show. His eyes wander everywhere looking mournful and confused, his voice is totally hoarse, he has to stop the conversation and ask her to move. The trouble is this reaction makes no sense at all. There is no indication in the books that Jon Snow would be even remotely tempted, at this stage, by the offer of a wildling life. For a start, he knows very little about it, but for an offer like that to have resonance it has to already mean something to the person in question. Moreover, although Jon's life did sort of suck I never got the impression he was ever that unhappy with it to consider upping ship and deserting. But if that is not the case why did he react that way to Ygritte's offer?In the novels Jon and Ygritte's first meeting was all about culture shock. His knowing nothing was about his ignorance of (or sometimes his inability to accept) wildling culture. By having Ygritte really get to Jon in the way she did made him look thoroughly gullible and uncomfortable in his own skin in a way he was not in the novels. It was as though all his beliefs were collapsing the very first time they were exposed to serious questioning and he even got confused when he had to defend the role of the Night's Watch. It is true that throughout his sojourn with the wildlings in the novels he did have many of his cherished notions questioned and he certainly learned a lot but these changes make Jon Show seem like some indecisive caricature of all the weal elements of Jon Snow with none of the strengths.
1741	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	"You know nothing, Kit Harrington"
1742	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Does anyone think Jon Show is badly out of character in regards to how he is in the books even without the addition of the incompetence?good start, yesSee, I don't really think getting knocked out by Craster or even chasing after Ygritte are essentially untrue to Jon Snow's character in the novels, but I think lots of other changes are.As far as Craster's keep goes, I think it is because Jon would have been more aware of where Craster is and more composed, considering he just followed him.  And where the hell was Ghost when snow was getting beat up? I could see him chasing Ygritte, but not to where he loses his fellow rangers.In episode six, regardless of the farce of the chase storyline, Jon Show is I think less self aware and sympathetic before Ygritte gives him the slip than he is in the novels just before he lets her go. Its not just that he loses control of the situation, although he does, its the way he talks to her while he's trying to muster the resolution to execute her. Now, most of the dialogue in the show in that scene does follow A Clash of Kings closely, with the exception of one really crucial line which, had it been included, would have changed the whole scene. In the book Jon Snow does indeed say 'I'm as much a crow as they are' and 'Someone might see the smoke' but he also asks Ygritte 'aren't you afraid?' Jon Show delivers the first two lines in a tone that sounds like he is trying to be a hard man. He is not showing sympathy with Ygritte and he doesn't want to let his guard down. I wouldn't exactly say his delivery was aggressive but there was no kindness there. Had the third line been included I think it would have been hard to play the scene that way. You don't ask 'Aren't you afraid' in the tone Jon Show was using. Personally, the way I read the scene in the novels was that Jon Snow was sad and regretful when he said all three lines and wasn't afraid of letting his feelings show, but even if that is open to interpretation the third line makes it hard to believe Jon Snow's tone didn't soften at some point. He was quite willing to admit his weakness to Ygritte even while he was debating whether to kill her.I'm in agreement with this.  Some of the banter when they were walking aimlessly showed some caring from Snow. I don't know whether the change between the book and the show emasculates Jon Show, in the way other changes do, but it does make him seem rather less thoughtful and kind than he was portrayed in the novels. Jon Show lacks depth and given the line in question is one of the few omitted from the scene it looks like the change was pretty calculated.I thought they illustrated his depth a little better season 1, I"m not feeling it right now.  the scene with Gilly is another good example.  All he does is get angry with Sam instead of really considering and empathizing with Gilly and Sam like he does in the books. As to what happens after, if Ygritte had got away without this being the result of Jon Show changing his mind midstrike the chase wouldn't have been so out of character. Jon Snow is pretty green , its just he never comes across like the utter fool Jon Show did. Jon Show never really makes up his mind about what he wants to do. Its not even clear in the show he had decided to spare Ygritte at that point, he just couldn't kill her then. The way the scene played out gutted a noble decision completely and made Jon's decision, the product of mercy in the novels, seem like weakness and stupidity.difference is emasculating, perceptive on your part.The additional scenes between Jon and Ygritte, although not in the novels do capture something of the dynamic between the two in the first half of a Storm of Swords, which I don't remember very well. But does anyone else think Jon Show has a bit too much sexual angst in these scenes, compared to the books? Jon Snow was broody about a lot of things but I didn't get the impression his enforced celibacy was really one of them. I had the impression he was more clueless and embarrassed when faced with Ygritte's persistence and I certainly don't remember him ever shouting at her or losing his cool in the way Jon Show did. Maybe I'm wrong about this but I can't imagine book Jon getting in a huff over mention of stones and bones. He was mighty offended when Tormund suggested he was a eunuch but that was it. But the really stupid part of those scenes (and they were stupid all the way through) was Jon Show's reaction to Ygritte's offer of a life away from the wall in the wilds. She says something about having a cabin and women of his own etc, choosing what time to get out of bed and so on. Kit very convincingly shows how this offer hits home with Jon Show. His eyes wander everywhere looking mournful and confused, his voice is totally hoarse, he has to stop the conversation and ask her to move. The trouble is this reaction makes no sense at all. There is no indication in the books that Jon Snow would be even remotely tempted, at this stage, by the offer of a wildling life. For a start, he knows very little about it, but for an offer like that to have resonance it has to already mean something to the person in question. Moreover, although Jon's life did sort of suck I never got the impression he was ever that unhappy with it to consider upping ship and deserting. But if that is not the case why did he react that way to Ygritte's offer? In the novels Jon and Ygritte's first meeting was all about culture shock. His knowing nothing was about his ignorance of (or sometimes his inability to accept) wildling culture. By having Ygritte really get to Jon in the way she did made him look thoroughly gullible and uncomfortable in his own skin in a way he was not in the novels. It was as though all his beliefs were collapsing the very first time they were exposed to serious questioning and he even got confused when he had to defend the role of the Night's Watch. It is true that throughout his sojourn with the wildlings in the novels he did have many of his cherished notions questioned and he certainly learned a lot but these changes make Jon Show seem like some indecisive caricature of all the weal elements of Jon Snow with none of the strengths.yes yes and yes.one walk with Ygritte and he's doubting everything he ever believed.  I know the writers are condensing here so I'm willing to overlook.
1743	Sanette	2012-05-23	I agree, he definitely seems to be on the same page as them. He said it multiple times in that interview too. Agreed about taking it back, that was classy. Jon's probably the second least impulsive child out of Ned's 6 kids behind only Sansa for chrissake!I think that Jon can be quite impulsive when it concerns his honor or family. Like the time when he attacked Thorne in AGoT or ADWD or when he decided to march with the wildlings to kill Ramsey. It's the Targ side of his personality imo.
1744	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	I think that Jon can be quite impulsive when it concerns his honor or family. Like the time when he attacked Thorne in AGoT or ADWD or when he decided to march with the wildlings to kill Ramsey. It's the Targ side of his personality imo.Well, the Thorne thing wasn't necessarily spur of the moment.  That was brewing for awhile, an impulsive person would have smashed him long before.We don't know for sure that he was going to actually march with them though, he mentions it, but never has a chance to do itHe's certainly not as impulsive as Robb, Arya and Rickon.  Bran is a tough one.
1745	Ghost714	2012-05-23	Well, the Thorne thing wasn't necessarily spur of the moment.  That was brewing for awhile, an impulsive person would have smashed him long before.We don't know for sure that he was going to actually march with them though, he mentions it, but never has a chance to do itHe's certainly not as impulsive as Robb, Arya and Rickon.  Bran is a tough one.Yeah and him marching against Ramsey had been building up for the second half of ADwD, I would not call it impulsive at all. Jon never marched against Ramsey before, because Ramsey never threatened the Watch before like he did that last time. Ramsey said he would only leave Jon and his "crows" alone, if Jon gave him(Ramsey) what he(Ramsey) wanted. Considering Jon could not give Ramsey what he wanted, even if Jon was willing to, because Jon did not have "Reek" and "Arya", that means he had no choice but to take the fight to Ramsey, in order to make sure the Wall was not attacked. The Wall, and the men that hold it, are the only things that are standing in the way of the Others, so Jon had to protect them at all cost.So I would not call Jon's decision to march against Ramsey impulsive, at all. Actually, I would call it a very calculated decision. Jon had a nice advantage taking the Wildlings against Ramsey. The Wildlings pioneered the way of life for winter, so they can travel in a snow storm much faster than anyone else. So even if Ramsey did expect Jon to attack him, which I doubt he did, but he sure as hell would not expect Jon to attack so soon, because Jon and the Wildlings could get to Winterfell a lot faster than anyone else. Also, Ramsey had no idea Jon would have so many men, if anything Ramsey might have expected 500 crows at most, not close to two thousand Wildlings. Jon also would know Winterfell better than Ramsey. Jon also might have been planning to ambush Ramsey, as he left Winterfell to come get his bride. There are a lot of other factors that Jon was probably considering too, I just named some of them, the point is, I do not think that was an impulsive decision at all.
1746	dreamcatcher	2012-05-23	You make a really good point. I've never looked at it this way but you're right. So they've been weakening his character from the get go. Great! I'm not against changes but what they've done to Jon is really pitiful. I mean, they took my favourite character from the books and made him a guy I would probably hate reading about. Dany is similar to show!Jon but that's just how she is written. And it's not just that they make him look stupid while doing dumb mistakes, they also have all the other characters tell him how stupid he is. And Jon just stares and says nothing. Even my father, who never read the books, thinks that Jon looks like an idiot.My favourite scene from Jon's storyline this season is the dialogue between him, Sam and Gilly. It's straight out of the book and his character is the same. It's also Kit's strongest scene this season imo. And I agree with the point that D&D have their favourites. I almost never hear them talk about Jon or Kit. It's always the kids, Peter, Richard and Emilia. I believe the biggest mistakes within his storyline are somewhat reparable but I don't have high hopes at this point.I think Kit is a good actor (he got the leading role in War Horse right after drama school for gods sake), but the problem is that he's doing what he can with the material that he has. I also think that the Gilly-Sam-Jon exchange was his strongest scene. We know Kit read the novels, so he's also as an actor probably torn between playing Jon Show and Jon Snow.
1747	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-23	I think reading the pink letter publicly without consulting with more people first, and sending Mance to Winterfell were decisions that he seemed to regret. So I would call them impulsive, but not really moronic or vapid.  I don't think the decision to attack Ramsay was that all that bad, I just wish he had thought about "how it would look" to his brothers. But this "act first, think later" quality is something that all the characters have, so I'm not sure why this is Jon's defining characterization.Can I just say that I love the name Jon Show!
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 23 May 2012 - 03:28 PM.
1748	Sanette	2012-05-23	I think Kit is a good actor (he got the leading role in War Horse right after drama school for gods sake), but the problem is that he's doing what he can with the material that he has. I also think that the Gilly-Sam-Jon exchange was his strongest scene. We know Kit read the novels, so he's also as an actor probably torn between playing Jon Show and Jon Snow.Jon Show is gold! I'm gonna use it from now on. Kit's clearly following the scripts, they're making him emo and dumb so he's playing it like that. It would cause inconsistency if he switched from one to the other.And regarding his decision to march against Ramsey, I think it was a good decision. I just don't think he considered every aspect of it. He had maybe three hours to decide what to do. That's not much. He should've realised that his brothers don't care for what happens in the kingdom. He was fighting with Bowen the whole time and he thought he would just roll with this? That doesn't seem like a well thought out decision to me.  So, I think he was both impulsive and naive in this regard. But it just shows that he's not perfect and that's fine with me.
1749	Harrad	2012-05-23	Is he dead?
1750	Lyana	2012-05-23	I've read the whole thread and everyone's got a point so far. 
I can't question the qualities of Kit Harington as an actor. He seems a really good actor to me and is nailing the part with the script they gave him. The problem of how Jon Snow is represented in the show comes from the script, not from the acting imo.
It was clearly what the show makers wanted to accomplish with the extended Jon/Ygritte dialoges. They were very helpful for the non-book readers to get a deeper insight into the wildlings culture and see the differences between the two folks. The scene where Jon and Ygritte were yelling at each other was pretty intense and I liked it.
My complaints are about several other changes, which have already been discussed repeatedly in this thread. 
I've already mentioned this in a different topic, but it seems that in season two, Jon has only been lectured all the time by different characters (which I now understand have to be apparently some sort of "father figures") and been called stupid all over again. 
I can tell in several scenes that Mormont gives him some be-a-man-of-the-NW-speech then calls him a bad steward, Qhorin lectures him about life beyond the Wall and then calls him stupid and finally Ygritte makes a fool out of him and on the top of that calls him stupid (but brave - oh, what a relief). What is up with that? And why has Jon have to beg to go with Qhorin? Why was that change necessary? I also don't remember how exactly was it in the books, but why does Jon want to kill Ygritte himself, when he is probably feeling wrong about killing a woman? That does not make any sense. And the biggest issue so far - GHOST, WHERE ARE YOU? Has he been eaten by Orell? They better include Orell somehow as an excuse, or this would really be the most useless direwolf in the history of Westeros.
I have high hopes that the last episode will contain some damage control. I have never complained about anything in the TV show before and it is the best show ever, I enjoy every minute of it. Jon Snow is my favourite character in the books and in the show and Kit is doing a great job, but I really hope that D&amp;amp;D will put Jon's character back on track next season. Otherwise it would be such a pity to lose the potential of such well-developed book character.
Edited: spelling
					
					
							Edited by Lyana, 23 May 2012 - 06:38 PM.
1751	Hear me Meow	2012-05-23	I've read the whole thread and everyone's got a point so far.I can't question the qualities of Kit Harington as an actor. He seems a really good actor to me and is nailing the part with the script they gave him. The problem of how Jon Snow is represented in the show comes from the script, not from the acting imo.It was clearly what the show makers wanted to accomplish with the extended Jon/Ygritte dialoges. They were very helpful for the non-book readers to get a deeper insight into the wildlings culture and see the differences between the two folks. The scene where Jon and Ygritte were yelling at each other was pretty intense and I liked it.My complaints are about several other changes, which have already been discussed repeatedly in this thread.I've already mentioned this in a different topic, but it seems that in season two, Jon has only been lectured all the time by different characters (which I now understand have to be apparently some sort of "father figures") and been called stupid all over again.I can tell in several scenes that Mormont gives him some be-a-man-of-the-NW-speech then calls him a bad steward, Qhorin lectures him about life beyond the Wall and then calls him stupid and finally Ygritte makes a fool out of him and on the top of that calls him stupid (but brave - oh, what a relief). What is up with that? And why has Jon have to beg to go with Qhorin? Why was that change necessary? I also don't remember how exactly was it in the books, but why does Jon want to kill Ygritte himself, when he is probably feeling wrong about killing a woman? That does not make any sense. And the biggest issue so far - GHOST, WHERE ARE YOU? Has he been eaten by Orell? They better include Orell somehow as an excuse, or this would really be the most useless direwolf in the history of Westeros.I have high hopes that the last episode will contain some damage control. I have never complained about anything in the TV show before and it is the best show ever, I enjoy every minute of it. Jon Snow is my favourite character in the books and in the show and Kit is doing a great job, but I really hope that D&amp;amp;D will put Jon's character back on track next season. Otherwise it would be such a pity to lose the potential of such well-developed book character.Edited: spellingIt's an interesting question, why does Jon Show volunteer to execute Ygritte? I think the scene actually leaves it very unclear. We were shown, fairly clearly, that Jon stayed his hand because Ygritte was a women and then tried to avoid her being put to death then and there by suggesting she could be questioned. So far, so like the books.However, unlike the books, it is not really very obvious that Ygritte is Jon's prisoner and therefore his problem. No one mentions that she is, certainly not Qhorin, whereas Jon's responsibility for Ygritte was the ostensible reason he was told to 'do what needs to be done' by Qhorin in the book.I assumed that Jon Show does feel Ygritte is his responsibility because it was he who effectively captured her rather than running her through straight away. He then feels obliged to take on the grim task of killing her himself based on, an admittedly pretty loose, variant of the Stark ethic that he who passes sentence should swing the sword. This is after all quite like the reason Qhorin orders him to deal with Ygritte in the book and we can just assume Jon Show figured this out for himself.That said, you really only get this, I think, if you interpret the scene based on the books. No one in the show really indicates they think Jon is especially responsible for Ygritte. In the book he'd already been dragging her around for a day I think and had made an initial decision to spare her so his connection to her was pretty obvious. This isn't really the case in the show I think. You could instead consider his motivations in light of the two previous scenes, in both of which he has shouted his mouth off about how great he would be as a ranger. Unlike Jon Snow, Jon Show does not kill a wildling when he takes Ygritte prisoner and so he has never really proved himself, in anyway, to Qhorin yet. Therefore he thinks bumping off Ygritte will earn him some respect and of course, because he lacks pretty much all self-awareness it backfires horribly. Revolting yes but in line I think with the abomination that is Jon Show.
1752	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	Yeah, the actor has no clue.Which is precisely why heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perfect to play â<U+0080><U+009C>Jonâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
1753	Sanette	2012-05-23	I've read the whole thread and everyone's got a point so far.I can't question the qualities of Kit Harington as an actor. He seems a really good actor to me and is nailing the part with the script they gave him. The problem of how Jon Snow is represented in the show comes from the script, not from the acting imo.It was clearly what the show makers wanted to accomplish with the extended Jon/Ygritte dialoges. They were very helpful for the non-book readers to get a deeper insight into the wildlings culture and see the differences between the two folks. The scene where Jon and Ygritte were yelling at each other was pretty intense and I liked it.My complaints are about several other changes, which have already been discussed repeatedly in this thread.I've already mentioned this in a different topic, but it seems that in season two, Jon has only been lectured all the time by different characters (which I now understand have to be apparently some sort of "father figures") and been called stupid all over again.I can tell in several scenes that Mormont gives him some be-a-man-of-the-NW-speech then calls him a bad steward, Qhorin lectures him about life beyond the Wall and then calls him stupid and finally Ygritte makes a fool out of him and on the top of that calls him stupid (but brave - oh, what a relief). What is up with that? And why has Jon have to beg to go with Qhorin? Why was that change necessary? I also don't remember how exactly was it in the books, but why does Jon want to kill Ygritte himself, when he is probably feeling wrong about killing a woman? That does not make any sense. And the biggest issue so far - GHOST, WHERE ARE YOU? Has he been eaten by Orell? They better include Orell somehow as an excuse, or this would really be the most useless direwolf in the history of Westeros.I have high hopes that the last episode will contain some damage control. I have never complained about anything in the TV show before and it is the best show ever, I enjoy every minute of it. Jon Snow is my favourite character in the books and in the show and Kit is doing a great job, but I really hope that D&amp;amp;D will put Jon's character back on track next season. Otherwise it would be such a pity to lose the potential of such well-developed book character.Edited: spellingI agree, the fact that everyone calls him stupid or any other variation of it is probably my biggest complaint. Want to show him make mistakes? Fine, I can live with that, I guess. But why call him stupid every freaking episode? It makes me cringe every time. It's just too much. Isn't Ygritte's line enough? They're intentionaly turning him into an internet meme. It's the same with Craster and Ygritte making fun of his "pretty face". It just makes him look weak. They never did this to Richard Madden or any other male character. I'm waiting for the moment when Ygritte mocks his hair.I have a bad feeling there will be no Orell and Jon's face will stay pretty. What a shame, I loved that scene. They've already omitted the flexing of his hand which is such a great part of his personality.
1754	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Is he dead?Who?  Ghost?  I think ghost is dead or ice skating.
1755	Patchface12	2012-05-23	Other than Simon Armitage's Halfhand, Jon's story is actually better than in the books, as is Dany's. This scenario makes his being taken in by Mance more believable than in the books.
And as for the Halfhand, he was more the 'strong, silent type' in the books, which just doesn't work on TV when its the leader. And to be fair, for what he's been given, Simon Armitage is doing a solid job as Qhorin Halfhand.
1756	kephv	2012-05-23	This scenario makes his being taken in by Mance more believable than in the books.How so?
1757	victim	2012-05-23	This character arc seems more about Jon discovering his duty to the Night's Watch than anything else. Jon has no love for the Wall in my opinion; he definitely thought it would be different and there would be more good men there like Benjen and Jeor, rather than rapists and thieves. He saw it as his only option as the Bastard of Winterfell who wanted to make his own claim on society. He remembers being a child with Robb and saying that he wanted to be the "Lord of Winterfell." Even though he knew he couldn't he still had big aspirations and the Wall was the best place for a bastard to make a name for themselves. 
I think the question is why does anyone like Jon as a character? He's a spoilt brat who thinks he deserves more than he does because of who his father is. I think a lot of his story in the show so far has revolved around learning how to become a brother of the Night's Watch and this is very much the way his character arc in Season 2 has played out. In many ways, Jon ends up giving-up himself to be a black-cloak on the Wall, evident in his betrayal to Ygritte at the Queenscrown because he is more loyal to the Watch than he is to the girl he loves. Season 2 has to be all about how he gets to this point. Right now, he's making an absolute mess of things, I can't argue that, and everyone around him seems to have his better. Mormont's line of "learn how to follow" seems to be quite important to his story arc; Jon is still, at this point, struggling with the fact that he is in no way a leader and that people can easily push him around. Most importantly, Jon's learning that he's clearly not as big as he thinks he is.
In the episode summary for 'Valar Morghulis' "Jon proves himself to Qhorin." As readers it seems pretty obvious what this is going to be. The thing is that this will be the first time Jon has followed the orders of a leader around him; as in, perhaps he has finally discovered his duty. It's hard to argue because episode 10 is still a week and a half away but I'm assuming Jon and Qhorin will have one more dialogue interchange where Qhorin tells him what to do, Jon says he won't do it, and Qhorin reminds him of his duty before they ultimately fight and Jon goes off with his Wildling band. 
Next season should really iterate just how unimportant he is up until the point where he does -- arguably -- the most important thing any member of the Night's Watch has done in a century. As in, he risks his life to get back to the Wall before the Wildlings and informs them all of their oncoming war, saving the Watch in the process. He does this because he finally understands his duty as a brother. The boy at the beginning of AGoT would be thrilled to be elected Lord Commander, it is known. But Jon isn't because he knows that either way his duty is to the Wall no matter what his position is.
1758	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-23	I don't understand why people are so upset about not seeing the wolves. Not showing them makes sense financially and to be honest, I'd rather have more screen time for an actor that's actually going to do something than a wolf.
Also, the scenes with Jon are some of my favorite. Ygritte is an interesting character, she's funny and her taunting is making him question a lot of the assumptions he has made. This time is important because it helps build Jon Snow's identity, who he will be for the rest of the series. Ygritte trolling him is a big part of that. Jon is sort of a man without a country. Cat didn't want him and he felt like he never belonged with the Starks because he was a bastard. Now he's wondering if he belongs with the NW - the group he joined just so he could flee the shadow cast by the last name he so desperately wants.
1759	Harrad	2012-05-23	Who? Ghost? I think ghost is dead or ice skating.Jon Snow. His survival after book 5 is in grave question.
1760	Ghost714	2012-05-23	Other than Simon Armitage's Halfhand, Jon's story is actually better than in the books, as is Dany's. This scenario makes his being taken in by Mance more believable than in the books.And as for the Halfhand, he was more the 'strong, silent type' in the books, which just doesn't work on TV when its the leader. And to be fair, for what he's been given, Simon Armitage is doing a solid job as Qhorin Halfhand.How long has it been since you have read ACoK? Jon's story is in no way better on the show, than it is in the book. There was nothing unbelievable about Mance accepting Jon in the book, if you can call it that, he had Jon watched like a hawk night and day. Also, killing Qhorin is a pretty good move, for making the Wildlings think you have turned your cloak. I really don't see though, how you think it's more believable for Mance to accept Jon in the show, considering it hasn't even happened yet, you don't know what all they are going to do, so I don't know how you can make some bogus claim like that. What "scenario" are you talking about exactly? And how can Jon's story be better than the book, when they are making him look like an idiot the whole time, and there is no Warg element to his story in the show, and that was one of the best things about his story in the book.
1761	Harrad	2012-05-23	I don't understand why people are so upset about not seeing the wolves. Not showing them makes sense financially and to be honest, I'd rather have more screen time for an actor that's actually going to do something than a wolf. Also, the scenes with Jon are some of my favorite. Ygritte is an interesting character, she's funny and her taunting is making him question a lot of the assumptions he has made. This time is important because it helps build Jon Snow's identity, who he will be for the rest of the series. Ygritte trolling him is a big part of that. Jon is sort of a man without a country. Cat didn't want him and he felt like he never belonged with the Starks because he was a bastard. Now he's wondering if he belongs with the NW - the group he joined just so he could flee the shadow cast by the last name he so desperately wants.Agree...especially about Ygritte. She's a pistol--or a throwing knife in keeping with the situation. I asked elsewhere if GRRM is a democrat. He may favor the societies of the Night Watch and Wildlings who elect their leaders. The discussion between the two showed that.I also like the discussion between Jaime and Catelyn as far as challenging assumptions.
1762	House Snow	2012-05-23	How so?Can't speak for Patchface, but I always felt like there wasn't enough set up from the Wilding side when it came to Jon's turn.  Even with him killing Qhorin it felt wierd for the next step to be join the wildlings, and ialso Jon killling Qhorin didn't feel quite urgent enough (similar to Cat releasing Jaimie-I don't think it was always the reasoning that bothered people but the absence of urgency, hence the show putting Jaimie in a situation where he would ide if he wasn't released), so much so that I question whether book Jon really could kill Quhorin at that point.  That transition kind of makes more sense to me if the Wildling play a more active role in setting up Quhorins death, presenting Jon with sort of a choice, but in a way no choice at all.
1763	kephv	2012-05-24	Can't speak for Patchface, but I always felt like there wasn't enough set up from the Wilding side when it came to Jon's turn. and ialso Jon killling Qhorin didn't feel quite urgent enough (similar to Cat releasing Jaimie-I don't think it was always the reasoning that bothered people but the absence of urgency, hence the show putting Jaimie in a situation where he would ide if he wasn't released), so much so that I question whether book Jon really could kill Quhorin at that point.He couldn't kill him that's why book Qhorin let himself be killed.That transition kind of makes more sense to me if the Wildling play a more active role in setting up Quhorins death, presenting Jon with sort of a choice, but in a way no choice at all.Seems his death will be the same, only how he gets his sword back will be another matter.
1764	Ghost714	2012-05-24	He couldn't kill him that's why book Qhorin let himself be killed.Seems his death will be the same, only how he gets his sword back will be another matter.Not to mention Jon had Ghost helping him fight Qhorin.As for how Jon and Qhorin will fight. I imagine Jon will ask to join the Wildlings, and they will tell him to prove his word by killing Qhorin, and to do that, they will give them both their swords.
1765	fassreiter	2012-05-24	I don't understand why it is such a problem that the wolf is missing. Wouldn't it have looked much more stupid if Jon had been caught by the wildlings and even his wolf didn't notice anything/put up a fight? They clearly didn't have enough time to build up the whole chasing plot with the eagle and the other rangers, so making it a short capture scene was the best thing they could go for. Anything else would have involved a fighting scene, and because the plot demands they are captured eventually, everything Jon and Qhorin could have done in a short scene would have looked bad anyway. The wildlings need to get the upper hand at this time in the story, so the crows are bound to lose. Putting emphasis on Ghost in this 'doomed' kind of situation would have made everything worse, like: They have a freaking direwolf and are STILL captured? It only made sense in the book, where there was enough time to explain the odds and especially the great advantage the wildlings had in Orell. 
There are two possible ways for Ghost to come back:
First: He will be the deus ex machina (that made me hate all the Stark plots in the books) and jump into the fight just right in time to help Jon defeat Qhorin in a convincing way - needless to say I am not a friend of the direwolves. They are basically used as a plot device: Someone threatens Jon? In comes a direwolf! Someone doesn't respect Jon? Enter a direwolf! Someone looks more badass than Jon? Look at his direwolf, here he comes!
(As a matter of fact, I like the changes made to the characterisation of Jon. There will be enough time for him to be a hero, so I think it makes him a much more believable character with real flaws instead of alibi flaws).
Second: Ghost will give us our first look at the gathered free folk as a cliffhanger for next season. One of the last moments of the series (or of Jon's story arc at least) will be Ghost looking down upon the gathering, including giants and mammoths, and it will be glorious and threatening at the same time. A perfect cliffhanger, maybe even a chance to get a first look at Mance Rayder, who might well have been casted already (please, HBO!). I would like that very much.
1766	Ghost714	2012-05-24	I don't understand why it is such a problem that the wolf is missing. Wouldn't it have looked much more stupid if Jon had been caught by the wildlings and even his wolf didn't notice anything/put up a fight? They clearly didn't have enough time to build up the whole chasing plot with the eagle and the other rangers, so making it a short capture scene was the best thing they could go for. Anything else would have involved a fighting scene, and because the plot demands they are captured eventually, everything Jon and Qhorin could have done in a short scene would have looked bad anyway. The wildlings need to get the upper hand at this time in the story, so the crows are bound to lose. Putting emphasis on Ghost in this 'doomed' kind of situation would have made everything worse, like: They have a freaking direwolf and are STILL captured? It only made sense in the book, where there was enough time to explain the odds and especially the great advantage the wildlings had in Orell. There are two possible ways for Ghost to come back:First: He will be the deus ex machina (that made me hate all the Stark plots in the books) and jump into the fight just right in time to help Jon defeat Qhorin in a convincing way - needless to say I am not a friend of the direwolves. They are basically used as a plot device: Someone threatens Jon? In comes a direwolf! Someone doesn't respect Jon? Enter a direwolf! Someone looks more badass than Jon? Look at his direwolf, here he comes!(As a matter of fact, I like the changes made to the characterisation of Jon. There will be enough time for him to be a hero, so I think it makes him a much more believable character with real flaws instead of alibi flaws).Second: Ghost will give us our first look at the gathered free folk as a cliffhanger for next season. One of the last moments of the series (or of Jon's story arc at least) will be Ghost looking down upon the gathering, including giants and mammoths, and it will be glorious and threatening at the same time. A perfect cliffhanger, maybe even a chance to get a first look at Mance Rayder, who might well have been casted already (please, HBO!). I would like that very much.Look up dues ex machina, because the direwolves are no such thing. If you have a story, and you establish early on that the main character is an amazing fighter, and then as he gets attacked, he always wins, would that be dues ex machina? No. Same goes for the Starks and their direwolves. The funny thing is, your calling the direwolves dues ex machina, yet did Robb's direwolf save him, did it stop him from being brutally murdered? Did Ghost stop Jon from getting stabbed by his Brothers? Did Summer stop Bran from falling and becoming a cripple? Dues ex machina would be one of the Starks about to get killed, only to have a random direwolf jump out of the darkness to save them, and later finding out that the Starks are Wargs, so when they were in danger they unknowingly Warged a direwolf to come save them, and that they had this unknown connection with said direwolf.  For Jon to be such a blundering idiot as they are now making him, that's to much "real flaws" for him to later be a badass leader. It's not like they are making Jon dumb at sword fighting, he could learn that and later become really good, which would be more believable. However, they have made Jon just stupid in general, there is no specificity to his stupidity, so later to have him be an awesome genius leader, it will be completely ridiculous. I don't have a problem with them giving him real flaws, but they should be real flaws he can come back from, and they should not be real flaws that they showed him mostly getting over in season one.As for Qhorin and Jon getting chased by the Wildlings, they could have shown that in just as many scenes as they showed Jon and Ygritte walking around, at most it might have taken one more slightly longer scene to do the chase, but it was doable. But no, they had to beat it over our heads how dumb Jon is, and what a pistol Ygritte is.
1767	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Other than Simon Armitage's Halfhand, Jon's story is actually better than in the books, as is Dany's. This scenario makes his being taken in by Mance more believable than in the books.And as for the Halfhand, he was more the 'strong, silent type' in the books, which just doesn't work on TV when its the leader. And to be fair, for what he's been given, Simon Armitage is doing a solid job as Qhorin Halfhand.How is it more believable?  The wildlings would never accept weakness, Snow would get gutted and burned.
1768	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Jon Snow. His survival after book 5 is in grave question.We dont know because the 6th book isnt out yet.I dont understand how anyone can say the direwolves arent important to the story.  Are you guys non-readers?  Seems to me the direwolves (especially ghost) were very important to the story last year.  Why not anymore?
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 24 May 2012 - 05:30 AM.
1769	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	I don't understand why it is such a problem that the wolf is missing. Wouldn't it have looked much more stupid if Jon had been caught by the wildlings and even his wolf didn't notice anything/put up a fight? They clearly didn't have enough time to build up the whole chasing plot with the eagle and the other rangers, so making it a short capture scene was the best thing they could go for. Anything else would have involved a fighting scene, and because the plot demands they are captured eventually, everything Jon and Qhorin could have done in a short scene would have looked bad anyway. The wildlings need to get the upper hand at this time in the story, so the crows are bound to lose. Putting emphasis on Ghost in this 'doomed' kind of situation would have made everything worse, like: They have a freaking direwolf and are STILL captured? It only made sense in the book, where there was enough time to explain the odds and especially the great advantage the wildlings had in Orell. There are two possible ways for Ghost to come back:First: He will be the deus ex machina (that made me hate all the Stark plots in the books) and jump into the fight just right in time to help Jon defeat Qhorin in a convincing way - needless to say I am not a friend of the direwolves. They are basically used as a plot device: Someone threatens Jon? In comes a direwolf! Someone doesn't respect Jon? Enter a direwolf! Someone looks more badass than Jon? Look at his direwolf, here he comes!(As a matter of fact, I like the changes made to the characterisation of Jon. There will be enough time for him to be a hero, so I think it makes him a much more believable character with real flaws instead of alibi flaws).Second: Ghost will give us our first look at the gathered free folk as a cliffhanger for next season. One of the last moments of the series (or of Jon's story arc at least) will be Ghost looking down upon the gathering, including giants and mammoths, and it will be glorious and threatening at the same time. A perfect cliffhanger, maybe even a chance to get a first look at Mance Rayder, who might well have been casted already (please, HBO!). I would like that very much.Why wouldnt jon give us the first look when he is brought to mance?  Why waste ghost on that?  At this point they should just leave Ghost out of it.  Where's he been?  Doing lines in his trailer?
1770	victim	2012-05-24	It could be done in a very similar to the "wolf" dream that Bran had in episode 1 of this season, and is also directly from the books. You don't even really have to see Ghost, you just need to see the camera moving through a wolfs POV before looking down at a giant camp of Wildlings; cut to Jon waking up, telling Qhorin his dream before Qhorin then tells him his own plans. It wouldn't be too hard to go down this path.
1771	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	It could be done in a very similar to the "wolf" dream that Bran had in episode 1 of this season, and is also directly from the books. You don't even really have to see Ghost, you just need to see the camera moving through a wolfs POV before looking down at a giant camp of Wildlings; cut to Jon waking up, telling Qhorin his dream before Qhorin then tells him his own plans. It wouldn't be too hard to go down this path.But then they couldnt show jon being a moron, now could they?
1772	Sanette	2012-05-24	You're right, it could be done but it's a long shot at this point in the season. Next episode is probably going to be just the battle so you have only the finale to deal with all the storylines. So I expext seeing just the fight with Qhorin and maybe a small look at the aftermath of that. If we get anything more than that, I'll be really surprised tbh.
1773	Hear me Meow	2012-05-24	Jon Show is gold! I'm gonna use it from now on. Kit's clearly following the scripts, they're making him emo and dumb so he's playing it like that. It would cause inconsistency if he switched from one to the other. And regarding his decision to march against Ramsey, I think it was a good decision. I just don't think he considered every aspect of it. He had maybe three hours to decide what to do. That's not much. He should've realised that his brothers don't care for what happens in the kingdom. He was fighting with Bowen the whole time and he thought he would just roll with this? That doesn't seem like a well thought out decision to me. So, I think he was both impulsive and naive in this regard. But it just shows that he's not perfect and that's fine with me.Sanette, I think the writers are primarily responsible for the atrocity that is Jon Show but I'm not convinced some of Kit's acting decisions haven't played a role and perhaps influenced the way D & D decided to develop the character. Let me just say right off that I would hate to think this comes across as being disrespectful or hostile to Kit, who I agree is a good actor and I'm sure he is doing his best with the role. He has as much right to interpret Jon Snow as the rest of us. Nevertheless I find it hard to believe Jon Show's almost comical gormlessness in season 1, when the script did not require it in most places, isn't due in part to how Kit interpreted the part. I doubt the director was asking him to have his mouth hanging open all the time whenever he was receiving a dressing down, as well as on lots of other occasions. I just found his expressions really unfortunate as they didn't convey that he was thinking much about anything that was said to him. They just made him look stupefied and shocked. It looked like it was hard for him to adsorb a lot of what was said to him. I think book Jon can think on his feet, at least to a fair degree and that he is an intense, earnest thinker. Kit's expressions definitely conveyed the opposite, imo. His expression when he was given Ghost was just horrible, kind of an 'urgh, is this a white wolf, maybe, need to think hard?' When Mormont talked to him about his attempted desertion his mouth just never closed the whole way through! It made me such a sad panda. He came across as by far the most dopey and slow witted of the main characters and I think this was at least in part due to Kit's decisions. It seems at least plausible that this influenced D & D as the script in season 2 does require Kit to look mighty stupid, especially when Qhorin talks to him. He has to look very dumb for Qhorin's 'you are even dumber than you look,' line to work and boy did Kit deliver!Again, no hostility or disrespect to KH is intended by this post.
1774	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	It could be done in a very similar to the "wolf" dream that Bran had in episode 1 of this season, and is also directly from the books. You don't even really have to see Ghost, you just need to see the camera moving through a wolfs POV before looking down at a giant camp of Wildlings; cut to Jon waking up, telling Qhorin his dream before Qhorin then tells him his own plans. It wouldn't be too hard to go down this path.Why do Ghost?  Jon's already going there...... It would make the Jon Show/Ghost storyline more laughable.  So you are suggesting that Ghost finally shows up after Jon Show's been captured out of the blue?  I just want to be clear.Where has Ghost been?  What was he doing all this time, why is he playing voyeur?Summer was with Bran so it makes sense that he's there looking at Bran's face.
1775	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Sanette, I think the writers are primarily responsible for the atrocity that is Jon Show but I'm not convinced some of Kit's acting decisions haven't played a role and perhaps influenced the way D & D decided to develop the character. Let me just say right off that I would hate to think this comes across as being disrespectful or hostile to Kit, who I agree is a good actor and I'm sure he is doing his best with the role. He has as much right to interpret Jon Snow as the rest of us. Nevertheless I find it hard to believe Jon Show's almost comical gormlessness in season 1, when the script did not require it in most places, isn't due in part to how Kit interpreted the part. I doubt the director was asking him to have his mouth hanging open all the time whenever he was receiving a dressing down, as well as on lots of other occasions. I just found his expressions really unfortunate as they didn't convey that he was thinking much about anything that was said to him. They just made him look stupefied and shocked. It looked like it was hard for him to adsorb a lot of what was said to him. I think book Jon can think on his feet, at least to a fair degree and that he is an intense, earnest thinker. Kit's expressions definitely conveyed the opposite, imo. His expression when he was given Ghost was just horrible, kind of an 'urgh, is this a white wolf, maybe, need to think hard?' When Mormont talked to him about his attempted desertion his mouth just never closed the whole way through! It made me such a sad panda. He came across as by far the most dopey and slow witted of the main characters and I think this was at least in part due to Kit's decisions. It seems at least plausible that this influenced D & D as the script in season 2 does require Kit to look mighty stupid, especially when Qhorin talks to him. He has to look very dumb for Qhorin's 'you are even dumber than you look,' line to work and boy did Kit deliver! Again, no hostility or disrespect to KH is intended by this post.this post is right in line with Kit's feelings about the character being stupid and impulsive.
1776	Sanette	2012-05-24	Sanette, I think the writers are primarily responsible for the atrocity that is Jon Show but I'm not convinced some of Kit's acting decisions haven't played a role and perhaps influenced the way D &amp; D decided to develop the character. Let me just say right off that I would hate to think this comes across as being disrespectful or hostile to Kit, who I agree is a good actor and I'm sure he is doing his best with the role. He has as much right to interpret Jon Snow as the rest of us. Nevertheless I find it hard to believe Jon Show's almost comical gormlessness in season 1, when the script did not require it in most places, isn't due in part to how Kit interpreted the part. I doubt the director was asking him to have his mouth hanging open all the time whenever he was receiving a dressing down, as well as on lots of other occasions. I just found his expressions really unfortunate as they didn't convey that he was thinking much about anything that was said to him. They just made him look stupefied and shocked. It looked like it was hard for him to adsorb a lot of what was said to him. I think book Jon can think on his feet, at least to a fair degree and that he is an intense, earnest thinker. Kit's expressions definitely conveyed the opposite, imo. His expression when he was given Ghost was just horrible, kind of an 'urgh, is this a white wolf, maybe, need to think hard?' When Mormont talked to him about his attempted desertion his mouth just never closed the whole way through! It made me such a sad panda. He came across as by far the most dopey and slow witted of the main characters and I think this was at least in part due to Kit's decisions. It seems at least plausible that this influenced D &amp; D as the script in season 2 does require Kit to look mighty stupid, especially when Qhorin talks to him. He has to look very dumb for Qhorin's 'you are even dumber than you look,' line to work and boy did Kit deliver! Again, no hostility or disrespect to KH is intended by this post.Well, I agree with most of your points. Yes, he looks stupefied in most of his scenes this season. But I don't think he did last season. And his mouth has been talked of so many times. I think, it's just a thing he does and can't or doesn't want to control it. I'm not sure how detailed the scripts are, so if it says he's supposed to look shocked, then he can't really do anything else. However, it could be his personal decision to play Jon like this. I have no idea. And that scene with Qhorin is really the worst. I was facepalming the whole way through. Not only that he looks stupid but he doesn't even fight back. And the same thing applies to that scene where he finds the direwolves. I think, it was you who described how they made him look weak in that particular scene in comparison to the book where he comes out as a strong character. Which brings us back to the scripts and the acting like you said. It's a combination of both. But the writing is the main problem imo. If they didn't write him like this, then Kit would play Jon differently. Probably.Edit: And I didn't take your post as disrespectful. You make valid points! I'm glad that people actually take time to contribute to a discussion without assaulting the actors and really try to understand their choices while playing the character.And yeah, now I completely understand why Kit said that Jon is stupid. Because Jon Show is.
					
					
							Edited by Sanette, 24 May 2012 - 10:01 AM.
1777	Patchface12	2012-05-24	How long has it been since you have read ACoK? Jon's story is in no way better on the show, than it is in the book. There was nothing unbelievable about Mance accepting Jon in the book, if you can call it that, he had Jon watched like a hawk night and day. Also, killing Qhorin is a pretty good move, for making the Wildlings think you have turned your cloak. I really don't see though, how you think it's more believable for Mance to accept Jon in the show, considering it hasn't even happened yet, you don't know what all they are going to do, so I don't know how you can make some bogus claim like that. What "scenario" are you talking about exactly? And how can Jon's story be better than the book, when they are making him look like an idiot the whole time, and there is no Warg element to his story in the show, and that was one of the best things about his story in the book.I haven't read ACoK since summer 07, so its probable I forgot quite a bit, but I remember the gist of it. If anything, maybe Jon's chase with Ygritte was to develop her character more. Annoyed I was that they've kind of pushed the Halfhand to the side, Ygritte's going to be around until Season 4 whereas Qhorin's going to die in episode 10 Valar Morghulis. Plus, as I said, Qhorin was more of the 'strong silent type' in the books and didn't have that many lines to begin with.
1778	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-24	@Patchface - there is no "Ygritte character development" or arc, all you need is that one beheading scene to know that she's feisty and brave, like Osha with red hair. She's static all the way through, only there to develop Jon's character (like most women in fiction /facepalm). I think thus far we can say that he botches his first real test in the wild and he gets shamed for idealizing celibacy, so in both developments Jon is not looking too bright. As far as the Kit/acting question goes, I think his best acting was at Craster's (and those scenes were snooze-worthy). I haven't seen him in anything else so I have nothing to compare. Maybe in other work he actually uses his facial muscles and he doesn't look miserable all the time. Then we know it's not just him, and that Benioff and Weiss are taking Ygritte's catch phrase too literally.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 24 May 2012 - 10:52 AM.
1779	Hear me Meow	2012-05-24	This character arc seems more about Jon discovering his duty to the Night's Watch than anything else. Jon has no love for the Wall in my opinion; he definitely thought it would be different and there would be more good men there like Benjen and Jeor, rather than rapists and thieves. He saw it as his only option as the Bastard of Winterfell who wanted to make his own claim on society. He remembers being a child with Robb and saying that he wanted to be the "Lord of Winterfell." Even though he knew he couldn't he still had big aspirations and the Wall was the best place for a bastard to make a name for themselves. I think the question is why does anyone like Jon as a character? He's a spoilt brat who thinks he deserves more than he does because of who his father is. I think a lot of his story in the show so far has revolved around learning how to become a brother of the Night's Watch and this is very much the way his character arc in Season 2 has played out. In many ways, Jon ends up giving-up himself to be a black-cloak on the Wall, evident in his betrayal to Ygritte at the Queenscrown because he is more loyal to the Watch than he is to the girl he loves. Season 2 has to be all about how he gets to this point. Right now, he's making an absolute mess of things, I can't argue that, and everyone around him seems to have his better. Mormont's line of "learn how to follow" seems to be quite important to his story arc; Jon is still, at this point, struggling with the fact that he is in no way a leader and that people can easily push him around. Most importantly, Jon's learning that he's clearly not as big as he thinks he is. In the episode summary for 'Valar Morghulis' "Jon proves himself to Qhorin." As readers it seems pretty obvious what this is going to be. The thing is that this will be the first time Jon has followed the orders of a leader around him; as in, perhaps he has finally discovered his duty. It's hard to argue because episode 10 is still a week and a half away but I'm assuming Jon and Qhorin will have one more dialogue interchange where Qhorin tells him what to do, Jon says he won't do it, and Qhorin reminds him of his duty before they ultimately fight and Jon goes off with his Wildling band. Next season should really iterate just how unimportant he is up until the point where he does -- arguably -- the most important thing any member of the Night's Watch has done in a century. As in, he risks his life to get back to the Wall before the Wildlings and informs them all of their oncoming war, saving the Watch in the process. He does this because he finally understands his duty as a brother. The boy at the beginning of AGoT would be thrilled to be elected Lord Commander, it is known. But Jon isn't because he knows that either way his duty is to the Wall no matter what his position is.I think you are correct as to how Jon's character arc will play out in the show. I know its probably been said before but it seems like they think deviating substantially from the path of Jon's development in the books will make for better tv. His choices will seem more dramatic and more pronounced and he'll have more of an underdog appeal. The downside is, as the OP says, that Jon Show is an emasculated version of the book character. He's more bratty and spoilt than Jon Snow was even at the start of GoT.It does seem to me, though, that they will have to change the whole tone of Jon's sojourn with the wildlings for the show. In the books he's a developing young man when he goes over, he has resigned himself to the life of the night's watch and he handled himself well on his first ranging. The way I read CoK was that Jon matured substantially throughout the book and became very stoic and serious in his dedication to the Night's Watch, esp because of Qhorin, but before that too. The stuff in Storm tested that but it sure didn't create it.In the show on the other hand he's just a train wreck and it seems to me that Ygritte, or someone, will have to build him up again. He is going to have to have a colossal amount of character development, in particular rapid gains in maturity, telescoped into his time with the wildlings. That's just not how it worked in the books.Also I can't for the life of me see why Ygritte will ever be attracted to him in this state (even when he does kill Qhorin). Fools who get all their comrades killed through indecision and confusion don't seem like Ygritte's cup of tea. At least Jon Show is pretty.
					
					
							Edited by Procopius, 24 May 2012 - 11:06 AM.
1780	Sanette	2012-05-24	@Keep Shelly in Athens: Yeah, Ygritte is just a literary device. But since they felt the need to develop Talisa/Jeyne, they probably wanted to do the same with Ygritte and her culture. Except the fact that they made Jon look like a fool while doing it. And Ygritte was never this arrogant and mean in the book. Yes, she teased Jon and made fun of his ignorance but she never mocked him for being a virgin. Especially when we know his reasons for it.Yes, those scenes were his best and he looked perceptive and quite clever in them (both Jon and Kit)... until Craster beat the shit out of him. The way he looked around Craster's keep and saw the women, the scene with Gilly. That's exactly how Jon would react. I'd be willing to overlook Craster making fun of his face and the lord commander chiding him if they continued his storyline in this vein. But they made it much worse. Anyway, I only saw some clips from War Horse and he was great in them. It's theatre so he must use his facial muscles a lot. Keep in mind that he played a 14-year old boy in it.
					
					
							Edited by Sanette, 24 May 2012 - 11:37 AM.
1781	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Can't speak for Patchface, but I always felt like there wasn't enough set up from the Wilding side when it came to Jon's turn. Even with him killing Qhorin it felt wierd for the next step to be join the wildlings,Huh? That's exactly why he killed QH.  So he can turn and do what's right for the watch!!!!!!!!!and ialso Jon killling Qhorin didn't feel quite urgent enough (similar to Cat releasing Jaimie-I don't think it was always the reasoning that bothered people but the absence of urgency, hence the show putting Jaimie in a situation where he would ide if he wasn't released), so much so that I question whether book Jon really could kill Quhorin at that point.,even more baffling, how is it not urgent?  do you remember the chase?  Men died to try and protect them from getting caught, they were hunted to exhaustion and starvation and I think even their garrons died.  They were trapped by wildlings after making their last ditch effort to lose them through the waterfall.  They decided to make a last stand as men of the watch. The book was FAR more urgent.  The show is nothing.  They were captured so easily, there's nothing urgent at all going on. That transition kind of makes more sense to me if the Wildling play a more active role in setting up Quhorins death, presenting Jon with sort of a choice, but in a way no choice at all.How is it not more active than to hunt them for days or weeks then the show.  I really dont get any of this post
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 24 May 2012 - 02:44 PM.
1782	Ghost714	2012-05-24	Huh? That's exactly why he killed QH.  So he can turn and do what's right for the watch?even more baffling, how is it not urgent?  do you remember the chase?  Men died to try and protect them from getting caught, they were hunted to exhaustion and starvation and I think even their garrons died.  They were trapped by wildlings after making their last ditch effort to lose them through the waterfall.  They decided to make a last stand as men of the watch. The book was FAR more urgent.  The show is nothing.  They were captured so easily, there's nothing urgent at all going on. How is it not more active than to hunt them for days or weeks then the show.  I really dont get any of this postExactly! The book was way more "urgent", them getting captured in the show was so anticlimactic, it's not even funny. First Jon loses Ygritte(again), only to look up and see he is surrounded, and he is just like "damn oh well", he doesn't try and run or anything. He doesn't spin around in circles trying to find a way out, he just stands there, it is ridiculous. Then we just see Qhorin with Rattleshirt, already captured, they didn't even have Qhorin talk about it. They could have given Qhorin thirty seconds to explain how they got captured. Something like, "yeah they surprised us, and killed our two Brothers, but not before we sent seven of them to hell". One line like that could have made a big difference, but instead we just see Qhorin captured and a little bloody, and the other two are dead, yet we don't even see any injured Wildlings. Hell, they could have even given the line to Rattleshirt, about how Qhorin and the two with him killed X amount of their men. Instead we get nothing, the most badass Nights Watch Rangers were taken like a bunch of chumps. I can get past them not showing Qhorin getting taken, but not talking about it was just lame as hell.
1783	cromagnificent	2012-05-24	I'm gonna say you need to already be masculine in order to be emasculated. Jon isnt a very masculine character. He's a rich virgin who's never gotten into a real fight. Sure he killed a zombie by lighting it on fire but it wasn't exactly skilled hand to hand combat. He's a petulant entitled teenager and I think k. Harrington is doing a good job showcasing that.
1784	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Exactly! The book was way more "urgent", them getting captured in the show was so anticlimactic, it's not even funny. First Jon loses Ygritte(again), only to look up and see he is surrounded, and he is just like "damn oh well", he doesn't try and run or anything. He doesn't spin around in circles trying to find a way out, he just stands there, it is ridiculous. Then we just see Qhorin with Rattleshirt, already captured, they didn't even have Qhorin talk about it. They could have given Qhorin thirty seconds to explain how they got captured. Something like, "yeah they surprised us, and killed our two Brothers, but not before we sent seven of them to hell". One line like that could have made a big difference, but instead we just see Qhorin captured and a little bloody, and the other two are dead, yet we don't even see any injured Wildlings. Hell, they could have even given the line to Rattleshirt, about how Qhorin and the two with him killed X amount of their men. Instead we get nothing, the most badass Nights Watch Rangers were taken like a bunch of chumps. I can get past them not showing Qhorin getting taken, but not talking about it was just lame as hell.The scenes on the show had ABSOLUTELY NO DRAMA.I really think the post I responded to was some sort of troll post because it couldn't have possibly made less sense. QH would never ever be captured and if by some herculean effort he was, there would be a full infirmary within walking distance
1785	The Frostfangs	2012-05-24	As long as he chops of janos slynts head I dont care what else happens.
1786	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	I'm gonna say you need to already be masculine in order to be emasculated. Jon isnt a very masculine character. He's a rich virgin who's never gotten into a real fight. Sure he killed a zombie by lighting it on fire but it wasn't exactly skilled hand to hand combat. He's a petulant entitled teenager and I think k. Harrington is doing a good job showcasing that.simple disprove here:1) he killed a watcher at the skirtling pass and took ygritte prisoner.  and did it so bosslike that she wanted to bang him forever afterward.2) he beat all the other new recruits asses consistentlyHorrible post.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 24 May 2012 - 02:51 PM.
1787	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	Exactly! The book was way more "urgent", them getting captured in the show was so anticlimactic, it's not even funny. First Jon loses Ygritte(again), only to look up and see he is surrounded, and he is just like "damn oh well", he doesn't try and run or anything. He doesn't spin around in circles trying to find a way out, he just stands there, it is ridiculous. Then we just see Qhorin with Rattleshirt, already captured, they didn't even have Qhorin talk about it. They could have given Qhorin thirty seconds to explain how they got captured. Something like, "yeah they surprised us, and killed our two Brothers, but not before we sent seven of them to hell". One line like that could have made a big difference, but instead we just see Qhorin captured and a little bloody, and the other two are dead, yet we don't even see any injured Wildlings. Hell, they could have even given the line to Rattleshirt, about how Qhorin and the two with him killed X amount of their men. Instead we get nothing, the most badass Nights Watch Rangers were taken like a bunch of chumps. I can get past them not showing Qhorin getting taken, but not talking about it was just lame as hell.This is another example I should have included in the OP.  It was easier taking Snow prisoner than it is to get my 2 yr old to let me brush her fucking teeth!  He just looked around and saw some people standing there and was like, "ok, I'll do whatever you want, who wants to cut my balls off?".  That might the the most emasculating scene of all so far.
1788	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-24	I think the emasculation term is a poor one, because no one is saying Jon Show is gay, feminine, or a eunuch. Better to say he's dumbed down, slow, and stupid--like ShowTyrion is whitewashed and ShowCat is irrational. "Stupid" doesn't have a gender. If he's kept in a perpetual state of childhood, then the infantilization of Jon Snow might be a better descriptor.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 24 May 2012 - 03:17 PM.
1789	jarl the climber	2012-05-24	I have to agree, he is acting more like Waymer Royce, make that Ser Waymer Royce, he was knight no matter what else he was than than like the bastard son of Ned Stark who was well educated at Winterfell and liked because he usually understood his place, hence his joining the Watch voluntarily. He is acting more like a willful child than a young man who was castle bred and raised. He would know from Winterfell how a subordinate acts towards his Lord. In the book he gives his objections about Craster to Mormont privately, when they are leaving instead of almost getting himself killed doing something stupid and embarresing his superior  who had just previously warned hom about his behaivior. It would have made more sense for Mormont to send him back to the Wall to muck stables after that rather than to keep him with the ranging much less send him with the Halfhand. Its not realistic in terms of a military organization like the Nights Watch.
					
					
							Edited by jarl the climber, 24 May 2012 - 03:18 PM.
1790	Tadco26	2012-05-24	Other than Simon Armitage's Halfhand, Jon's story is actually better than in the books, as is Dany's. This scenario makes his being taken in by Mance more believable than in the books. And as for the Halfhand, he was more the 'strong, silent type' in the books, which just doesn't work on TV when its the leader. And to be fair, for what he's been given, Simon Armitage is doing a solid job as Qhorin Halfhand.Better is always subjective of course, but if the wildling's force them to fight to the death, then it really isn't much of a choice.  Sure they could choose to both die by the wildling's hand instead, but killing Qhorin under wildling threat of death would make me less likely to believe the act meant anything regarding his loyalties if I was Mance.  The way it was set up in the books where Qhorin set Jon up to look like a turn cloak to the wildlings was much more believeable to me.Of course we don't know exactly how it is going to happen on the show yet, so we can't really judge what the show is going to do for good or bad with Jon and Qhorin's fight, but the changes they have made to this point don't leave me with a ton of confidence.  It will be interesting  to see how they set up the fight, since the whole reason both of them were captured rather than killed was to take to Mance, who as far as I know has not been cast for the show yet.  Qhorin may not have a ton of lines in the book, but he has more than enough to fill up the brief screen time he gets.  When they make up dialogue where Qhorin calls the wildlings "goat fuckers", when book Qhorin clearly respects the wildlings as enemies then it is hard to say they did a good job writing the character.  It's also hard to believe that book Qhorin would ever allow himself to be captured alive.The show could have kept the majority of the stuff they have filmed and made it much more faithful just by switching the order around and adjusting abit of the dialogue.1)Have Ygritte escape from Jon after he fails to execute her rather than be recaptured.2)  Qhorin finds Jon, and if they don't want to show the other ranger's being picked off one by one (which would have added some much needed action without having to make up scenes like Jaime chocking his cousin or Pyat killing 12 of the 13), then they could have Qhorin just tell Jon that the wildling's killed off the others and he barely escaped or something along those lines.3) Wildlings corner Jon and Qhorin and they have their fight.4)  Ygritte and Jon have their walk in the snow and taunting/flirting in a more believeable circumstance where she thinks he has joined them rather than her being tied up.Should take about the same amount of screen time as what they made up and it would hit most of the highlights of the book story line in a condensed fashion.For Jon and Dany I think that while the actors may not be perfect, any actor would have a tough time with the writing that has been provided for them this season.  Of course I generally enjoyed both Jon and Dany's book story lines, so it seems we just have different outlooks on what makes a good story.
1791	Ghost714	2012-05-24	Better is always subjective of course, but if the wildling's force them to fight to the death, then it really isn't much of a choice.  Sure they could choose to both die by the wildling's hand instead, but killing Qhorin under wildling threat of death would make me less likely to believe the act meant anything regarding his loyalties if I was Mance.  The way it was set up in the books where Qhorin set Jon up to look like a turn cloak to the wildlings was much more believeable to me.Of course we don't know exactly how it is going to happen on the show yet, so we can't really judge what the show is going to do for good or bad with Jon and Qhorin's fight, but the changes they have made to this point don't leave me with a ton of confidence.  It will be interesting  to see how they set up the fight, since the whole reason both of them were captured rather than killed was to take to Mance, who as far as I know has not been cast for the show yet.  Qhorin may not have a ton of lines in the book, but he has more than enough to fill up the brief screen time he gets.  When they make up dialogue where Qhorin calls the wildlings "goat fuckers", when book Qhorin clearly respects the wildlings as enemies then it is hard to say they did a good job writing the character.  It's also hard to believe that book Qhorin would ever allow himself to be captured alive.The show could have kept the majority of the stuff they have filmed and made it much more faithful just by switching the order around and adjusting abit of the dialogue.1)Have Ygritte escape from Jon after he fails to execute her rather than be recaptured.2)  Qhorin finds Jon, and if they don't want to show the other ranger's being picked off one by one (which would have added some much needed action without having to make up scenes like Jaime chocking his cousin or Pyat killing 12 of the 13), then they could have Qhorin just tell Jon that the wildling's killed off the others and he barely escaped or something along those lines.3) Wildlings corner Jon and Qhorin and they have their fight.4)  Ygritte and Jon have their walk in the snow and taunting/flirting in a more believeable circumstance where she thinks he has joined them rather than her being tied up.Should take about the same amount of screen time as what they made up and it would hit most of the highlights of the book story line in a condensed fashion.For Jon and Dany I think that while the actors may not be perfect, any actor would have a tough time with the writing that has been provided for them this season.  Of course I generally enjoyed both Jon and Dany's book story lines, so it seems we just have different outlooks on what makes a good story.Exactly, this so very much. Great post. The show is in no way more believable for Mance accepting Jon.
1792	Sanette	2012-05-24	Better is always subjective of course, but if the wildling's force them to fight to the death, then it really isn't much of a choice. Sure they could choose to both die by the wildling's hand instead, but killing Qhorin under wildling threat of death would make me less likely to believe the act meant anything regarding his loyalties if I was Mance. The way it was set up in the books where Qhorin set Jon up to look like a turn cloak to the wildlings was much more believeable to me. Of course we don't know exactly how it is going to happen on the show yet, so we can't really judge what the show is going to do for good or bad with Jon and Qhorin's fight, but the changes they have made to this point don't leave me with a ton of confidence. It will be interesting to see how they set up the fight, since the whole reason both of them were captured rather than killed was to take to Mance, who as far as I know has not been cast for the show yet. Qhorin may not have a ton of lines in the book, but he has more than enough to fill up the brief screen time he gets. When they make up dialogue where Qhorin calls the wildlings "goat fuckers", when book Qhorin clearly respects the wildlings as enemies then it is hard to say they did a good job writing the character. It's also hard to believe that book Qhorin would ever allow himself to be captured alive. The show could have kept the majority of the stuff they have filmed and made it much more faithful just by switching the order around and adjusting abit of the dialogue. 1)Have Ygritte escape from Jon after he fails to execute her rather than be recaptured. 2) Qhorin finds Jon, and if they don't want to show the other ranger's being picked off one by one (which would have added some much needed action without having to make up scenes like Jaime chocking his cousin or Pyat killing 12 of the 13), then they could have Qhorin just tell Jon that the wildling's killed off the others and he barely escaped or something along those lines. 3) Wildlings corner Jon and Qhorin and they have their fight. 4) Ygritte and Jon have their walk in the snow and taunting/flirting in a more believeable circumstance where she thinks he has joined them rather than her being tied up. Should take about the same amount of screen time as what they made up and it would hit most of the highlights of the book story line in a condensed fashion. For Jon and Dany I think that while the actors may not be perfect, any actor would have a tough time with the writing that has been provided for them this season. Of course I generally enjoyed both Jon and Dany's book story lines, so it seems we just have different outlooks on what makes a good story.This is exactly what I think they should've done. It's much more thrilling and dramatic. The reason why I think they didn't choose this path is that they wanted Jon's storyline to end with him killing Qhorin and if they followed this scenario, then this would appear somewhere around the 8th episode. Which is perfectly fine in my opinion. They could end his storyline with Orell attacking Jon or Ghost seeing Mance's army with the mammoths and giants. It'd work great as a cliffhanger. I really have no idea why they decided against it.
1793	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	I think the emasculation term is a poor one, because no one is saying Jon Show is gay, feminine, or a eunuch. Better to say he's dumbed down, slow, and stupid--like ShowTyrion is whitewashed and ShowCat is irrational. "Stupid" doesn't have a gender. If he's kept in a perpetual state of childhood, then the infantilization of Jon Snow might be a better descriptor.Weakening is a better synonym than those 3.  Its not a dig at his straightness.
1794	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	I have to agree, he is acting more like Waymer Royce, make that Ser Waymer Royce, he was knight no matter what else he was than than like the bastard son of Ned Stark who was well educated at Winterfell and liked because he usually understood his place, hence his joining the Watch voluntarily. He is acting more like a willful child than a young man who was castle bred and raised. He would know from Winterfell how a subordinate acts towards his Lord. In the book he gives his objections about Craster to Mormont privately, when they are leaving instead of almost getting himself killed doing something stupid and embarresing his superior  who had just previously warned hom about his behaivior. It would have made more sense for Mormont to send him back to the Wall to muck stables after that rather than to keep him with the ranging much less send him with the Halfhand. Its not realistic in terms of a military organization like the Nights Watch.So true."hope you make a better ranger than a steward", yet they are going to send him on arguably the most important nights watch ranging in history...Um, not believing it.
1795	Lyana	2012-05-24	Sanette, I think the writers are primarily responsible for the atrocity that is Jon Show but I'm not convinced some of Kit's acting decisions haven't played a role and perhaps influenced the way D &amp; D decided to develop the character. Let me just say right off that I would hate to think this comes across as being disrespectful or hostile to Kit, who I agree is a good actor and I'm sure he is doing his best with the role. He has as much right to interpret Jon Snow as the rest of us. Nevertheless I find it hard to believe Jon Show's almost comical gormlessness in season 1, when the script did not require it in most places, isn't due in part to how Kit interpreted the part. I doubt the director was asking him to have his mouth hanging open all the time whenever he was receiving a dressing down, as well as on lots of other occasions. I just found his expressions really unfortunate as they didn't convey that he was thinking much about anything that was said to him. They just made him look stupefied and shocked. It looked like it was hard for him to adsorb a lot of what was said to him. I think book Jon can think on his feet, at least to a fair degree and that he is an intense, earnest thinker. Kit's expressions definitely conveyed the opposite, imo. His expression when he was given Ghost was just horrible, kind of an 'urgh, is this a white wolf, maybe, need to think hard?' When Mormont talked to him about his attempted desertion his mouth just never closed the whole way through! It made me such a sad panda. He came across as by far the most dopey and slow witted of the main characters and I think this was at least in part due to Kit's decisions. It seems at least plausible that this influenced D &amp; D as the script in season 2 does require Kit to look mighty stupid, especially when Qhorin talks to him. He has to look very dumb for Qhorin's 'you are even dumber than you look,' line to work and boy did Kit deliver! Again, no hostility or disrespect to KH is intended by this post.I guess this is a bit subjective.I first watched season one before reading the books and TV Jon (guess also KH) is the reason Jon became my favourite character.Then in the books, I liked him even more. My perceptions of book-Jon and TV-Jon were very mixed-up just until I started watching season two. And then I realised something was wrong with my favourite.So in mind I have already built up the image of Jon Snow looking like KH, because I read the books after the show. It would have been really hard to build up a complete different character image in my mind, based only on the books. It is interesting though how the non-book readers perceive Jon's character. I asked one non-book reader if he also thought Jon seemed stupid in the second season. He told me: "No, but olny because he didn't seem very bright in the first season either."
					
					
							Edited by Lyana, 24 May 2012 - 07:07 PM.
1796	Lyana	2012-05-24	Why do Ghost? Jon's already going there...... It would make the Jon Show/Ghost storyline more laughable. So you are suggesting that Ghost finally shows up after Jon Show's been captured out of the blue? I just want to be clear. Where has Ghost been? What was he doing all this time, why is he playing voyeur? Summer was with Bran so it makes sense that he's there looking at Bran's face.Yeah, I also thought it would be cool to show the warging scene this way, but than the exactly same thing crossed my mind.So if they show Ghost just out of nowhere, looking upon the gathered wildlings I will be: "Huh, where has he been all the time?!"Don't get me wrong, I understand that the direwolves and the dragons are expensive extras and we aren't going to see a lot of them. But I need some plausible explanation why we are not seeing a lot of them. Sorry, but "Ghost is a wild creature and wild creatures do what they like" doesn't work for me... and it's not true in the context of the books. So I'm fine with not seeing Ghost very often, just I need a good reason for that. And it is also a pity, that the non-book readers are not aware of the importance of the direwolves.
1797	cromagnificent	2012-05-24	Mulled Wino you got me busted. I forgot he killed eagle guy didnt he? What's his name? Orell? A shame we prob won't see such a cool character idea on HBO.
1798	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Yeah, I also thought it would be cool to show the warging scene this way, but than the exactly same thing crossed my mind. So if they show Ghost just out of nowhere, looking upon the gathered wildlings I will be: "Huh, where has he been all the time?!" Don't get me wrong, I understand that the direwolves and the dragons are expensive extras and we aren't going to see a lot of them. But I need some plausible explanation why we are not seeing a lot of them. Sorry, but "Ghost is a wild creature and wild creatures do what they like" doesn't work for me... and it's not true in the context of the books. So I'm fine with not seeing Ghost very often, just I need a good reason for that. And it is also a pity, that the non-book readers are not aware of the importance of the direwolves.couldnt they have just done it like they did brans dream with camera work, seeing the wilding horde and then Jon waking up?  no CGI required
1799	Lyana	2012-05-24	couldnt they have just done it like they did brans dream with camera work, seeing the wilding horde and then Jon waking up? no CGI requiredI think that could work. I'm curious if they are going to show the Jon-warging part at all. If they do, it would be clear to the TV audience that the warging into direwolves is not just a Bran-thing, but a Stark-thing.
1800	Sanette	2012-05-24	I think that could work. I'm curious if they are going to show the Jon-warging part at all. If they do, it would be clear to the TV audience that the warging into direwolves is not just a Bran-thing, but a Stark-thing.They better show it soon otherwise the twist at the end of ADwD will look pretty contrived since most of us presume that Jon wargs into Ghost at that moment. And not just because of that. Isn't Jon the most powerful warg of all the Starks? And I don't think they managed to explain what the hell happens to Bran when he has his dreams anyway. This is why they need the Reeds. The whole warging thing has been really overlooked so far.
1801	kephv	2012-05-24	Isn't Jon the most powerful warg of all the Starks? .No. That would be Bran, followed by Arya.
1802	Hear me Meow	2012-05-24	I guess this is a bit subjective. I first watched season one before reading the books and TV Jon (guess also KH) is the reason Jon became my favourite character. Then in the books, I liked him even more. My perceptions of book-Jon and TV-Jon were very mixed-up just until I started watching season two. And then I realised something was wrong with my favourite. So in mind I have already built up the image of Jon Snow looking like KH, because I read the books after the show. It would have been really hard to build up a complete different character image in my mind, based only on the books. It is interesting though how the non-book readers perceive Jon's character. I asked one non-book reader if he also thought Jon seemed stupid in the second season. He told me: "No, but olny because he didn't seem very bright in the first season either."Interesting. I think it is quite telling that non-readers aren't screaming blue murder over Jon's behavior this season.  Kit's Jon is the only major character in the series who captures nothing of my image of his book character. Sure, a lot of the others have been badly out of character in book terms almost from the start (I'm looking at you Cat) but I do feel some of their scenes, even now, still get somewhere near the essence of the people they are in the books. Kit's Jon though I totally disliked from the start. He just came across as a dopey wimp. This is fine though, I love how close Alfie and Emilia are to their book characters so I can't reasonably expect more from an adaptation. Jenny's Dolfen's fan art perfectly captures my image of Jon Snow.
1803	Sanette	2012-05-24	No. That would be Bran, followed by Arya.You're right. I got it mixed up. Varamyr said that Jon was more powerful than him and not the rest of the Starks. Still, Bran is so powerful that I take him for more of a greenseer than a warg. I know that he's both though. And we don't know if Arya is better at warging than Jon since she isn't in Westeros (fell free to correct me if I'm wrong).
1804	Lady of Long Lake	2012-05-24	No. That would be Bran, followed by Arya.Bran is the only one of the 6 children that have received guidance about his ability too. I think Bran's warging ability was hastened by his desperation to be able to move- via Hodor. I'm guessing that the other 4 kids could be equally as strong if someone counseled them.
1805	Lady of Long Lake	2012-05-24	D&D must really hate Jon, otherwise I have no idea why would they butcher his storyline and his character like this. It's just sad.Agree /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Robb's portrayal has been AMAZING until this episode. Now he's the doofus that will lose the North due to a woody ( and his life and the banner-men's lives). And Jaime is being made into a psychopath:(Those writers must love Cersei and Caitlyn though. They are showing them as kinder and gentler women than they are in the books.
1806	Ghost714	2012-05-25	Agree /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Robb's portrayal has been AMAZING until this episode. Now he's the doofus that will lose the North due to a woody ( and his life and the banner-men's lives). And Jaime is being made into a psychopath:(Those writers must love Cersei and Caitlyn though. They are showing them as kinder and gentler women than they are in the books.Yes I fucking hate how you can tell who their favorites are, and who they could give a shit less about. I have said it before, and I will say it again, you should not be able to tell who the writers personally like and who they don't like. They basically force the audience how to view a character, and it's bullshit. They should let the audience deside who they do, and don't like. We get it, you guys love Ros and you think your so clever for creating her. We get it, you love Tyrion, Littlefinger, Theon, Arya, and Margaery, and you hate Stannis and Jon. Their own take on characters should not reflect on how they write the characters... It makes me so angry, let the audience think for themselves!
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 25 May 2012 - 04:24 AM.
1807	madman2711	2012-05-25	maybe we should understand that stannis is a goner and john is not tPtWP or AAR as they know the end of the story
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 25 May 2012 - 03:05 AM.
1808	Ghost714	2012-05-25	maybe we should understand that stannis is a goner and john is not tPtWP or AAR as they know the end of the storyThat's not the case, I am sure of it. They just aren't that big into that part of the story, with the prophecys and Jon's parentage etc, the show would rather dwell on the political intrigue and stuff, because that is what D&D like best about the story. Instead of making a true adaptation like they should be doing, they are just playing up the things they personally like best(like everybody must like everything they do), and they are downplaying what they like the least about the story. It's bullshit really, and I hate it. Of course some people will agree with them, because a lot of people like best the same parts of the story as they like. At the same time though, there are people who love the other elements of the story best, or there are people like me who love all of it best. They should be showing the bests of both sides of the story, instead of neglecting what they don't really like.
1809	The Monkey	2012-05-25	Well, seeing as he's a heterosexual male who can resist Ygritte's sexual advances, I'd say he has honour and integrity made of Valyrian steel. Her accent alone is enough to melt me.
1810	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Agree /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Robb's portrayal has been AMAZING until this episode. Now he's the doofus that will lose the North due to a woody ( and his life and the banner-men's lives). And Jaime is being made into a psychopath:(Those writers must love Cersei and Caitlyn though. They are showing them as kinder and gentler women than they are in the books.Not to derail, but Jamie is a psychopathic.  They went a bit overboard, but he's undeniably a psycho.
1811	House Snow	2012-05-25	Huh? That's exactly why he killed QH. So he can turn and do what's right for the watch!!!!!!!!! even more baffling, how is it not urgent? do you remember the chase? Men died to try and protect them from getting caught, they were hunted to exhaustion and starvation and I think even their garrons died. They were trapped by wildlings after making their last ditch effort to lose them through the waterfall. They decided to make a last stand as men of the watch. The book was FAR more urgent. The show is nothing. They were captured so easily, there's nothing urgent at all going on. How is it not more active than to hunt them for days or weeks then the show. I really dont get any of this postMulled, I said from the Wildling point of view. It seemed a hastily put together plan at best and I failed to see why the Wildlings would have taken Jon in, even after killing Qhorin.  And I still feel like the natureal human tendency in that situation is to keep running, So it just didn't ring true for me the way it was setup.  Thats opposed to show situation where the sword is really already on Quorins neck, even if there is no literal action like running/fighting, so there is no alternative.  Thats why I compared it to Catelyn situation.  In the book in both cases there still felt like alternatives were left, where in the show there really weren't the way things were set up.  Now maybe people like it that the characters made choices when there backs weren't against the wall, but I don't.
1812	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-25	Mulled, I said from the Wildling point of view. It seemed a hastily put together plan at best and I failed to see why the Wildlings would have taken Jon in, even after killing Qhorin.Um because he'd just killed one of the greatest Rangers in history?
1813	Hear me Meow	2012-05-25	Mulled, I said from the Wildling point of view. It seemed a hastily put together plan at best and I failed to see why the Wildlings would have taken Jon in, even after killing Qhorin. And I still feel like the natureal human tendency in that situation is to keep running, So it just didn't ring true for me the way it was setup. Thats opposed to show situation where the sword is really already on Quorins neck, even if there is no literal action like running/fighting, so there is no alternative. Thats why I compared it to Catelyn situation. In the book in both cases there still felt like alternatives were left, where in the show there really weren't the way things were set up. Now maybe people like it that the characters made choices when there backs weren't against the wall, but I don't.With respect what the hell. Third Reed is right, the motivation for the wildlings will be exactly the same in both cases, so...what gives. The HBO set up is also full of stupid plot holes, like Qhorin being thick enough to trust Jon Show to execute Ygritte, even when the previous scene established Qhorin thought Jon was a complete fool. Grrm's version makes sense, HBO's not so much.
1814	Ghost714	2012-05-25	Mulled, I said from the Wildling point of view. It seemed a hastily put together plan at best and I failed to see why the Wildlings would have taken Jon in, even after killing Qhorin.  And I still feel like the natureal human tendency in that situation is to keep running, So it just didn't ring true for me the way it was setup.  Thats opposed to show situation where the sword is really already on Quorins neck, even if there is no literal action like running/fighting, so there is no alternative.  Thats why I compared it to Catelyn situation.  In the book in both cases there still felt like alternatives were left, where in the show there really weren't the way things were set up.  Now maybe people like it that the characters made choices when there backs weren't against the wall, but I don't.How were their backs not against a wall, what other choice did they freaking have?? Run back through the cave and hope the Wildlings weren't waiting on the other side?? Even if the Wildlings were not waiting on the other side, Orell's eagle would have found them again, and that means the Wildlings would have found them again. They literally did everything. they. possibly. could. to. get. away. It just was not enough, and if you actually remember right, Jon and Qhorin's horses were spent, because they pushed them so hard trying to get away, for so long. That's why the book version is so much freaking better, because they absolutely did EVERYTHING they could, they did everything right, and it still wasn't enough, that's why it really made you feel for them in the book, because it just was not enough. The show on the other hand, they didn't do shit to get away. Ygritte made it seem like they would be tortured and killed upon immediate capture, yet nothing happens, there is no since of urgency at all. In fact, the show couldn't have done anything else to be MORE anticlimactic.And how is it more "believable" if they are forced by the Wildlings to fight? That makes no sense at all. If Jon says, "hey I want to join you", and then fights and kills Qhorin, it's much more believable. If he is already captured, and the Wildlings say fight, and afterwards he says he wants to join them, that's not believable, it seems like he joined them because it was that or die, instead of him "actually wanting to join". The situation might be similar in both the book and show, when it's all said and done, but there is no way the show version makes more sense. I don't know if your just trying to be contrary or what, but your a little out voted on this one, it seems nobody even slightly agrees with you. Like someone said above me, the shows version is littered with plotholes, the book version is not.Edit for spelling.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 25 May 2012 - 08:26 AM.
1815	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	sorry to pile on but.....
Just to get this straight, you think Jon Show somehow earned a higher respect level amongst the wildlings so they would be more apt to take him in than Jon Snow, correct? 
you do realize that Jon Show just walked into a trap and laid down like a dog on the show correct.  From a wildling perspective, Jon Show would have earned less than zero respect.  Jon Snow had to have earned respect, and they didn't even take him prisoner until he killed QH, he was going to fight to the death.  Jon Show bitched up from the second more than one wildling showed his face.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 25 May 2012 - 08:42 AM.
1816	Vandalism	2012-05-25	What they are doing wrong is that they are not showing the competence, tenacity and ability to survive that Jon Snow has.
He wouldn't have beaten up Craster, though, because Craster would have been angrier at the Night's Watch then. And they need his shelter.
1817	Gannicus	2012-05-25	This is my biggest complaint this season.  So far HBO has made some great changes, condensing material and making it interesting to viewers.  But what they have done beyond the wall has made no sense.
They have transformed Jon into an incompetent fool, not a leader of men.
What was one of the most exciting chapters beyond the wall when QH and Jon Snow were riding to warn the wall and other rangers were making epic last stands has been cut out.  Instead we have 3 dead rangers on the account of Jon's mistake. Who in that room thought this was a good idea?
With 2 episodes left it's conceivable that Jon and QH can still do some damage together.  But HBO needs to come up with something big to save it.
1818	Sanette	2012-05-25	Yes I fucking hate how you can tell who their favorites are, and who they could give a shit less about. I have said it before, and I will say it again, you should not be able to tell who the writers personally like and who they don't like. They basically force the audience how to view a character, and it's bullshit. They should let the audience deside who they do, and don't like. We get it, you guys love Ros and you think your so clever for creating her. We get it, you love Tyrion, Littlefinger, Theon, Arya, and Margaery, and you hate Stannis and Jon. Their own take on characters should not reflect on how they write the characters... It makes me so angry, let the audience think for themselves!It's ridiculous how blatantly obvious it is. I find it funny though, how they managed to mess up even the characters they like. Show Littlefinger looks like a fool and the amount of whitewashing of certain characters(Cersei, Tyrion, Arya) is startling. I don't feel like they outright hate Stannis but they don't put any effort into telling his story. With Jon it's even worse. All of us have a character that we dislike for some reason but we are casual fans. They are producers/writers/showrunners and it's extremely unprofessional to show who they prefer. At this point it seems like they just want to show Jon looking like an incompetent idiot. Maybe they want his growing into a man to be more dramatic but that doesn't explain why they changed his whole storyline, made fun of him and just totally downgraded his whole personality. I appreciate that they went to Iceland to shoot his scenes but the atmosphere just isn't there. First you gotta have some drama, shooting on a glacier won't do the work for you. It's really hard for me to take D&D seriously after the things they did this season.
1819	Gannicus	2012-05-25	What I don't get is why they have made these changes? Virtually all of the other changes good or bad I can see reasons for making.
Is it for the sole purpose of developing the Jon/Ygritte love thing?
Is it because the nights watch turns out to be bad and the show doesn't want to display their acts of heroism?
Is it because the HBO doesn't want to devastate fans when Jon is killed?
Maybe Jon killing QH won't translate well to tv?
Any thoughts?
1820	Sanette	2012-05-25	What I don't get is why they have made these changes? Virtually all of the other changes good or bad I can see reasons for making. Is it for the sole purpose of developing the Jon/Ygritte love thing? Is it because the nights watch turns out to be bad and the show doesn't want to display their acts of heroism? Is it because the HBO doesn't want to devastate fans when Jon is killed? Maybe Jon killing QH won't translate well to tv? Any thoughts?1) Developing their relationship is basically the only reason I find valid. Although like someone said in this thread, they could've developed it after Qhorin's death. And I don't think that understanding of the wildlings' culture is that necessary at this point in the story. We'll get to know them next season, just as we did in ASoS. But it seems like they're going to end Jon's storyline in the third season with Ygritte's death, so maybe they wanted to have a quick start. (Rose Leslie said she's signed on for season 2 and 3 and Josef Altin is supposed to film his scenes this September.) But this in no way explains what they did to Jon's character.2) I don't think I've heard that theory yet.3) They should make him likeable if he's going to die. Look what they do with Robb.4) l don't think so. I've always considered that scene to be perfect for the visual medium. It has so much drama and fatality. Well, not anymore.
1821	Ghost714	2012-05-25	It's ridiculous how blatantly obvious it is. I find it funny though, how they managed to mess up even the characters they like. Show Littlefinger looks like a fool and the amount of whitewashing of certain characters(Cersei, Tyrion, Arya) is startling. I don't feel like they outright hate Stannis but they don't put any effort into telling his story. With Jon it's even worse. All of us have a character that we dislike for some reason but we are casual fans. They are producers/writers/showrunners and it's extremely unprofessional to show who they prefer. At this point it seems like they just want to show Jon looking like an incompetent idiot. Maybe they want his growing into a man to be more dramatic but that doesn't explain why they changed his whole storyline, made fun of him and just totally downgraded his whole personality. I appreciate that they went to Iceland to shoot his scenes but the atmosphere just isn't there. First you gotta have some drama, shooting on a glacier won't do the work for you. It's really hard for me to take D&D seriously after the things they did this season.Me and you are of a single mind my friend. That's my thoughts exactly.
1822	Sanette	2012-05-25	Me and you are of a single mind my friend. That's my thoughts exactly.I enjoy your posts as well!
1823	dreamcatcher	2012-05-25	It's ridiculous how blatantly obvious it is. I find it funny though, how they managed to mess up even the characters they like. Show Littlefinger looks like a fool and the amount of whitewashing of certain characters(Cersei, Tyrion, Arya) is startling. I don't feel like they outright hate Stannis but they don't put any effort into telling his story. With Jon it's even worse. All of us have a character that we dislike for some reason but we are casual fans. They are producers/writers/showrunners and it's extremely unprofessional to show who they prefer. At this point it seems like they just want to show Jon looking like an incompetent idiot. Maybe they want his growing into a man to be more dramatic but that doesn't explain why they changed his whole storyline, made fun of him and just totally downgraded his whole personality. I appreciate that they went to Iceland to shoot his scenes but the atmosphere just isn't there. First you gotta have some drama, shooting on a glacier won't do the work for you. It's really hard for me to take D&D seriously after the things they did this season. Amen.
1824	Hear me Meow	2012-05-25	It's ridiculous how blatantly obvious it is. I find it funny though, how they managed to mess up even the characters they like. Show Littlefinger looks like a fool and the amount of whitewashing of certain characters(Cersei, Tyrion, Arya) is startling. I don't feel like they outright hate Stannis but they don't put any effort into telling his story. With Jon it's even worse. All of us have a character that we dislike for some reason but we are casual fans. They are producers/writers/showrunners and it's extremely unprofessional to show who they prefer. At this point it seems like they just want to show Jon looking like an incompetent idiot. Maybe they want his growing into a man to be more dramatic but that doesn't explain why they changed his whole storyline, made fun of him and just totally downgraded his whole personality. I appreciate that they went to Iceland to shoot his scenes but the atmosphere just isn't there. First you gotta have some drama, shooting on a glacier won't do the work for you. It's really hard for me to take D&D seriously after the things they did this season.That's pretty hilarious. I would never have figured Littlefinger was one of their favourites. They've made him an amateur where he was a complete pro in the books. I just figured they were stuck with giving Aiden Gillen so much screen time a season and wrote him terrible scene after terrible scene as a result.
1825	Hear me Meow	2012-05-25	What I don't get is why they have made these changes? Virtually all of the other changes good or bad I can see reasons for making. Is it for the sole purpose of developing the Jon/Ygritte love thing? Is it because the nights watch turns out to be bad and the show doesn't want to display their acts of heroism? Is it because the HBO doesn't want to devastate fans when Jon is killed? Maybe Jon killing QH won't translate well to tv? Any thoughts?I think the most charitable explanation is that D & D do just interpret Jon differently from the majority of posters on this thread. A minority of posters do think their changes make sense, even from a character point of view (as hard as it is to understand that), so they're not absolutely out of line with possible ways of viewing Jon's character.I think they did also want more screen time for Rose Leslie and for her to be with Jon sans the rest of the rangers. As a result of their changes though the Jon/Ygritte dynamic is now way off already. Why would Ygritte fall for such a total tool?
1826	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	I think the most charitable explanation is that D & D do just interpret Jon differently from the majority of posters on this thread. A minority of posters do think their changes make sense, even from a character point of view (as hard as it is to understand that), so they're not absolutely out of line with possible ways of viewing Jon's character.I think they did also want more screen time for Rose Leslie and for her to be with Jon sans the rest of the rangers. As a result of their changes though the Jon/Ygritte dynamic is now way off already. Why would Ygritte fall for such a total tool?Haha.  I was already thinking about this when someone posted recently in here about the wildling customs or something along those lines.  No spearwife would ever ever accept Jon Show.  Sure he took her prisoner but she outwitted him with ease.  He would have been gutted and burned in a flash.Let me make it clear that if Rose Leslie is Ygritte, i want more screen time for her as well.  Yowza!They obviously have a skewed perception of Jon, but I just cant let it slide.  Just because there's a very small minority that believe things like "John Show is a more acceptable turncloak than Jon Snow because Jon Snow didnt exhaust all his options" doesnt mean that the producers get a pass on their explanations.  They really blew it.With the blueprint that GRRM laid out, these guys should be killing it.  Forget being a point or two higher than other fantasy series.  This series could smash even Sopranos or The Wire.  The spectrum of people who can relate to these books is as wide as any of those other programs.  Ive turned quite a few friends who hate fantasy writing on to these books and they all get hooked.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 25 May 2012 - 06:46 PM.
1827	Sanette	2012-05-25	That's pretty hilarious. I would never have figured Littlefinger was one of their favourites. They've made him an amateur where he was a complete pro in the books. I just figured they were stuck with giving Aiden Gillen so much screen time a season and wrote him terrible scene after terrible scene as a result.I don't think they have to like that particular character. Sometimes they just love the actors which means they'll use them more and write more scenes for them. Which I think is the case with Littlefinger and Tywin. Why else would they give them so many scenes even though they don't really appear in the book? Either they love the character or the actor (or both), but the result is the same. The fact that the writing is not so good is a wholly different problem. Regarding Littlefinger, I feel like they wanted to flash out his character more but it didn't really work.
1828	Ghost714	2012-05-25	Haha.  I was already thinking about this when someone posted recently in here about the wildling customs or something along those lines.  No spearwife would ever ever accept Jon Show.  Sure he took her prisoner but she outwitted him with ease.  He would have been gutted and burned in a flash.Let me make it clear that if Rose Leslie is Ygritte, i want more screen time for her as well.  Yowza!They obviously have a skewed perception of Jon, but I just cant let it slide.  Just because there's a very small minority that believe things like "John Show is a more acceptable turncloak than Jon Snow because Jon Snow didnt exhaust all his options" doesnt mean that the producers get a pass on their explanations.  They really blew it.With the blueprint that GRRM laid out, these guys should be killing it.  Forget being a point or two higher than other fantasy series.  This series could smash even Sopranos or The Wire.  The spectrum of people who can relate to these books is as wide as any of those other programs.  Ive turned quite a few friends who hate fantasy writing on to these books and they all get hooked.Exactly! GRRM gave them everything they needed to be the most successful show ever on HBO, and what do they do? They piss it away like a day old flagon of Arbor gold when you first wake up in the morning. The first season is pretty succesful, so they get it in their heads that it's because of them, and then they think they can make any change they want. When in reality, the first season did so well because they actually stuck to the source material(for the most part). I am in no way talking about a word for word adaptation, obviously that's not possible. Obviously they can't do everything do to budget and time restrictions etc.. But so many changes have just been so piss poor this season, and there have been to many changes just for the sake of being different. GRRM tried to give them the keys to the Kingdom, they just rather smash their way in, making blunder after blunder.
1829	summer_stark	2012-05-26	The first season is pretty successful, so they get it in their heads that it's because of them, and then they think they can make any change they want. When in reality, the first season did so well because they actually stuck to the source material(for the most part).THIS.
1830	Fengari	2012-05-26	Well, seeing as he's a heterosexual male who can resist Ygritte's sexual advances, I'd say he has honour and integrity made of Valyrian steel.As I've said before in other threads, I feel this is the most important reason for the changes of the last few episodes. There is no way to show why Jon resists Ygritte's avances if she makes them after he has seemingly joined the wildlings. At that point, he can't say 'I took an oath of celibacy' as the explanation, that would give away to the wildlings that he still considers himself a crow. In the books we know this because we are inside his head, but in the show, if they can't let him say it, the reason for resisting Ygritte is open to interpretation. It could also be because he just isn't into her, or because he's a virgin and afraid to look terribly inexperienced to this wildling woman who obviously knows very well 'what goes where', or any other explanation people could come up with. With the scenes with Ygritte, they have established that he is tempted, but doesn't want to break his vow. If he keeps resisting her avances for a while after he joins them, that shows us he hasn't forgotten that vow yet, without him having to say it.So I think moving up some of the Ygritte relationship to before he turned his cloak was necessary. I do wish they had done the rewriting differently, though, because I feel they way they did it, some things just don't make much sense, starting with how Qhorin and the others just leave Jon to killing Ygritte (even if they wanted to give him some privacy to do it, why would they move so far away that Jon could get lost?).An example how it could have been done better:- instead of letting Ygritte go Jon takes her back to Qhorin and the others (opportunity for the 'test' explanation of Qhorin)- Qhorin sends Jon to take Ygritte back to the fist for questioning (opportunity for the needed pre-cloakturn 'sexual harrassment' scenes)- Qhorin and the others run into Rattleshirt and his men, the rangers sacrifice themselves one-by-one to let Qhorin catch up with Jon with Rattleshirt hot on their tail.- the rest follows as in the books, just with Ygritte as their prisoner at the time Rattleshirt catches them.I think the most charitable explanation is that D & D do just interpret Jon differently from the majority of posters on this thread. A minority of posters do think their changes make sense, even from a character point of view (as hard as it is to understand that), so they're not absolutely out of line with possible ways of viewing Jon's character.Good point. I never read Jon as this totally badass infallible guy people apparently want him to be in the show, certainly not at this point. I don't think the most important aspect of his development was 'manning up' or 'becoming a great leader'. To me, the most important thing was the development from 'always do what has to be done' like Ned taught him, obeying rules and customs, to 'do what is right from a more humanist point of view'. Lord Commander Jon does things not because the 'rules and customs' say they should be done. If he feels the right thing to do is not what the rules say that should be done, he changes the rules. That is why he opens the gates to the wildlings even though the Night's Watch is supposed to keep them out of the Seven Kingdoms: he feels it is not right to let thousands of people be killed by the others just because they were born on the wrong side of the wall. It's this change that by the end of aDwD is his downfall: he's changed too many rules for the men that followed him to accept.This important aspect of Jon is still intact, so, while I didn't like all the changes and would have preferred a solution that didn't make Jon (and Qhorin) look less competent than they were in the books, I also don't think they really are problematic for Jon's further development.The first season is pretty succesfull, so they get it in their heads that it's because of them, and then they think they can make any change they want. When in reality, the first season did so well because they actually stuck to the source material(for the most part).I think that is not a fair judgement. The first book has nowhere near the complexity as the second. It serves as an introduction to the main characters, but there's not really huge character development yet, and the number of different storylines and locations is also significantly less. It's just easier source material to stick to. The second book is where things start to happen more inside the character's heads than through actions, which is much more difficult to translate to the screen, and the huge diverging of the storylines makes it very difficult too. They need to change things to make this interesting TV. If they stuck to all the contemplation and thoughts we get in the books, the 'average' TV-audience would get bored and/or terribly confused. All in all, the fact that we are all still watching and still care about what they do, proves to me that they are not doing a bad job.
1831	Reposado	2012-05-26	I think that is not a fair judgement. The first book has nowhere near the complexity as the second. It serves as an introduction to the main characters, but there's not really huge character development yet, and the number of different storylines and locations is also significantly less. It's just easier source material to stick to. The second book is where things start to happen more inside the character's heads than through actions, which is much more difficult to translate to the screen, and the huge diverging of the storylines makes it very difficult too. They need to change things to make this interesting TV. If they stuck to all the contemplation and thoughts we get in the books, the 'average' TV-audience would get bored and/or terribly confused. All in all, the fact that we are all still watching and still care about what they do, proves to me that they are not doing a bad job.true. the first season was much easier to translate to the screen. the narrative is tighter the main characters were together for much of it, and then restricted to a few locations, with one outlier(daeny). now everyone is by themselves, and the narrative has widened in scope tremendously. predictably, they lost control, and a lot of season two has suffered. they either wern't up to the task or they underestimated it, admiring their own work in season one. hopefully, after they see what a wreck they've created, they put serious effort into fixing these problems for season 3. again, translating book2 was an exponentially tougher job. nailing it would have been a tremendous accomplishment. but they did not nail it,they do need to make changes, and probably bigger ones than theyve been making. they need to focus on arcs, or cut them entirely. the cliffnotes plotlines we've been getting are weak.
					
					
							Edited by Lanza Rota, 26 May 2012 - 07:41 AM.
1832	Ghost714	2012-05-26	As I've said before in other threads, I feel this is the most important reason for the changes of the last few episodes. There is no way to show why Jon resists Ygritte's avances if she makes them after he has seemingly joined the wildlings. At that point, he can't say 'I took an oath of celibacy' as the explanation, that would give away to the wildlings that he still considers himself a crow. In the books we know this because we are inside his head, but in the show, if they can't let him say it, the reason for resisting Ygritte is open to interpretation. It could also be because he just isn't into her, or because he's a virgin and afraid to look terribly inexperienced to this wildling woman who obviously knows very well 'what goes where', or any other explanation people could come up with. With the scenes with Ygritte, they have established that he is tempted, but doesn't want to break his vow. If he keeps resisting her avances for a while after he joins them, that shows us he hasn't forgotten that vow yet, without him having to say it.So I think moving up some of the Ygritte relationship to before he turned his cloak was necessary. I do wish they had done the rewriting differently, though, because I feel they way they did it, some things just don't make much sense, starting with how Qhorin and the others just leave Jon to killing Ygritte (even if they wanted to give him some privacy to do it, why would they move so far away that Jon could get lost?).An example how it could have been done better:- instead of letting Ygritte go Jon takes her back to Qhorin and the others (opportunity for the 'test' explanation of Qhorin)- Qhorin sends Jon to take Ygritte back to the fist for questioning (opportunity for the needed pre-cloakturn 'sexual harrassment' scenes)- Qhorin and the others run into Rattleshirt and his men, the rangers sacrifice themselves one-by-one to let Qhorin catch up with Jon with Rattleshirt hot on their tail.- the rest follows as in the books, just with Ygritte as their prisoner at the time Rattleshirt catches them.Good point. I never read Jon as this totally badass infallible guy people apparently want him to be in the show, certainly not at this point. I don't think the most important aspect of his development was 'manning up' or 'becoming a great leader'. To me, the most important thing was the development from 'always do what has to be done' like Ned taught him, obeying rules and customs, to 'do what is right from a more humanist point of view'. Lord Commander Jon does things not because the 'rules and customs' say they should be done. If he feels the right thing to do is not what the rules say that should be done, he changes the rules. That is why he opens the gates to the wildlings even though the Night's Watch is supposed to keep them out of the Seven Kingdoms: he feels it is not right to let thousands of people be killed by the others just because they were born on the wrong side of the wall. It's this change that by the end of aDwD is his downfall: he's changed too many rules for the men that followed him to accept.This important aspect of Jon is still intact, so, while I didn't like all the changes and would have preferred a solution that didn't make Jon (and Qhorin) look less competent than they were in the books, I also don't think they really are problematic for Jon's further development.I think that is not a fair judgement. The first book has nowhere near the complexity as the second. It serves as an introduction to the main characters, but there's not really huge character development yet, and the number of different storylines and locations is also significantly less. It's just easier source material to stick to. The second book is where things start to happen more inside the character's heads than through actions, which is much more difficult to translate to the screen, and the huge diverging of the storylines makes it very difficult too. They need to change things to make this interesting TV. If they stuck to all the contemplation and thoughts we get in the books, the 'average' TV-audience would get bored and/or terribly confused. All in all, the fact that we are all still watching and still care about what they do, proves to me that they are not doing a bad job.There is a way to show Jon resisting Ygritte, after he joins the Wildlings, without him saying "I swore a vow". In the book, Jon said he didn't want to screw Ygritte because he "would not father a bastard, and that he was to young to wed", that's the reasoning he gave Tormond, for not having sex with Ygritte. So the show could have done domething like that, it's not like there only option was to show Jon refusing Ygritte, before "turning his cloak".And I understand the second book is more complicated than the first book. I get that they need to combine some storylines, and condense others. However, that does not explain some of the very poor choices they have made with their changes this season. There is no reason to show Jon being a blundering idiot in every single episode he is in, especially when some of those blunders conflict with the character development they showed him having in season one. They should be able to figure out how to do changes withough changing entire character motivations, and we should not be able to tell who the writers personally like best, and who they don't care about, as far as characters go. Then there are some very minor things that they have changed, for no reason at all, but to be different from the books. In the book, 4 men go with Qhorin including Jon, and that's Ebben, Stonesnake, and Squire Dalbridge. In the show, the same amount of men go with Qhorin, except they give two of the guys made up names, instead of making them Ebben and Squire Dalbridge. I know that's not a huge thing, but why change those two names to something made up, if not just for the sake of being different? In the show, Tywin freaks out on Amory Lorch for sending a raven to a Northern House. I have no problem with this(or any of the Tywin changes for the most part). However, the House Tywin names is a made up Northern House. What is the point of that? There are like fifty known Northern Houses in the books, and they could have used any one of them. So why have Amory send a raven to a made up House, it just makes no sense, there is no reasoning for it, other than just being different. So why those things are not huge, there is still no reason to change them. The show is already going to have to change so much, and they do, so that's why people get mad with the little things, when there is no point in changing them. The show has completely whitewashed Tyrion, they have made people sympathies with Cersei way more than in the books, and they have made Joffrey way worse than he is. There is no need for such extreme changes, they don't need to completely remake all these major characters. For example, the changes they made with Margaery Tyrell's character, combining her character with Olenna Tyrell's, that was done very well. It makes sense to combine characters like that for the show. The unfortunate thing is though, not all the changes have been as successful as the changes with Margaery. The show is making to many characters black and white, instead of leaving them as shades of grey. The books are full of grey characters, and that's what makes them so good. Yet the show is changing that for some reason, and it's not because tv audiences don't like those kinds of characters. HBO has had a lot of shows with morally grey characters, very succesful shows I might add. So that's why it seems like the writers are changing things just because they can, and that's why it seems like they think they are better than the source material. (I really hope this post makes sense. I wrote it after just waking up, with only like an hour of sleep, because my 8 week old boxer puppy doesn't think I should be sleeping right now.)
1833	Fengari	2012-05-26	There is a way to show Jon resisting Ygritte, after he joins the Wildlings, without him saying "I swore a vow". In the book, Jon said he didn't want to screw Ygritte because he "would not father a bastard, and that he was to young to wed", that's the reasoning he gave Tormond, for not having sex with Ygritte. So the show could have done domething like that, it's not like there only option was to show Jon refusing Ygritte, before "turning his cloak".That is the explanation he gives Tormond, yes, and I believe there is truth to it too, but it isn't the main reason. The main reason is being true to his vows is so important to him, and they can't have him say that after he joined the wildlings. It's only later that he realises the celibacy thing isn't that important, what's important about joining the Nights Watch is defending the realm, and as long as he does that, he's not betraying the NW, even if he is breaking their rules. That is the development I'm talking about: from being the guy who follows the rules he becomes the guy who does things because he feels they are the right thing to do.And I understand the second book is more complicated than the first book. I get that they need to combine some storylines, and condense others. However, that does not explain some of the very poor choices they have made with their changes this season. There is no reason to show Jon being a blundering idiot in every single episode he is in, especially when some of those blunders conflict with the character development they showed him having in season one.I already said that I would have preferred them to make the change in a different way, making him look less blundering. I'm not sure the blunders conflict with the development from season one, though. In season one we saw that he's a good swordfighter, we saw that even though he thought he was better as them at first ('Lord Snow') he developed a good relationship with the 'common men' of the Nights Watch (Grenn and Pip), we saw that he stood up to protect the weaker elements (Sam), and we saw that he ultimately decides to stick to his vows even though he wants to do something different (although it took his friends to convince him on that one). I haven't seen blunders that conflict with that.They should be able to figure out how to do changes withouth changing entire character motivations, and we should not be able to tell who the writers personally like best, and who they don't care about, as far as characters go.As explained, I don't think they have changed Jon's entire character motivation. It would have been more of a change to his motivation if they had disregarded Jon saying no to Ygritte because of his vow.Then there are some very minor things that they have changed, for no reason at all, but to be different from the books. In the book, 4 men go with Qhorin including Jon, and that's Ebben, Stonesnake, and Squire Dalbridge. In the show, the same amount of men go with Qhorin, except they give two of the guys made up names, instead of making them Ebben and Squire Dalbridge. I know that's not a huge thing, but why change those two names to something made up, if not just for the sake of being different?In the show, Tywin freaks out on Amory Lorch for sending a raven to a Northern House. I have no problem with this(or any of the Tywin changes for the most part). However, the House Tywin names is a made up Northern House. What is the point of that? There are like fifty known Northern Houses in the books, and they could have used any one of them. So why have Amory send a raven to a made up House, it just makes no sense, there is no reasoning for it, other than just being different. So why those things are not huge, there is still no reason to change them. The show is already going to have to change so much, and they do, so that's why people get mad with the little things, when there is no point in changing them.I agree with you on that point. Those minor changes don't really have a point to them. But, as they are minor changes, I don't really have a problem with them, either. Maybe it's because i have only read the books twice, and these details were already lost to me anyway.The show has completely whitewashed Tyrion, they have made people sympathies with Cersei way more than in the books, and they have made Joffrey way worse than he is. There is no need for such extreme changes, they don't need to completely remake all these major characters.I don't know if you read the forum on TWOP, especially the 'completely unspoilt' thread? It seems to me those characters are received pretty much as I read them first time around. I think our view of the characters is influenced a lot by what happens later in the books, and what's great about GRRM's writing is that, when we re-read, we see that the elements that become clear later on in the books are already present earlier.For example, the changes they made with Margaery Tyrell's character, combining her character with Olenna Tyrell's, that was done very well. It makes sense to combine characters like that for the show. The unfortunate thing is though, not all the changes have been as successful as the changes with Margaery. The show is making to many characters black and white, instead of leaving them as shades of grey. The books are full of grey characters, and that's what makes them so good. Yet the show is changing that for some reason, and it's not because tv audiences don't like those kinds of characters. HBO has had a lot of shows with morally grey characters, very succesful shows I might add. So that's why it seems like the writers are changing things just because they can, and that's why it seems like they think they are better than the source material.I'm afraid that is the result of the time restraints. Like I said, GRRM is very good at including details that make the characters greyer, that become more obvious as time passes, but the show simply does not have the time to be this nuanced.(I really hope this post makes sense. I wrote it after just waking up, with only like an hour of sleep, because my 8 week old boxer puppy doesn't think I should be sleeping right now.)It does. I just don't agree with all of it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1834	Hear me Meow	2012-05-26	As I've said before in other threads, I feel this is the most important reason for the changes of the last few episodes. There is no way to show why Jon resists Ygritte's avances if she makes them after he has seemingly joined the wildlings. At that point, he can't say 'I took an oath of celibacy' as the explanation, that would give away to the wildlings that he still considers himself a crow. In the books we know this because we are inside his head, but in the show, if they can't let him say it, the reason for resisting Ygritte is open to interpretation. It could also be because he just isn't into her, or because he's a virgin and afraid to look terribly inexperienced to this wildling woman who obviously knows very well 'what goes where', or any other explanation people could come up with. With the scenes with Ygritte, they have established that he is tempted, but doesn't want to break his vow. If he keeps resisting her avances for a while after he joins them, that shows us he hasn't forgotten that vow yet, without him having to say it.So I think moving up some of the Ygritte relationship to before he turned his cloak was necessary. I do wish they had done the rewriting differently, though, because I feel they way they did it, some things just don't make much sense, starting with how Qhorin and the others just leave Jon to killing Ygritte (even if they wanted to give him some privacy to do it, why would they move so far away that Jon could get lost?).An example how it could have been done better:- instead of letting Ygritte go Jon takes her back to Qhorin and the others (opportunity for the 'test' explanation of Qhorin)- Qhorin sends Jon to take Ygritte back to the fist for questioning (opportunity for the needed pre-cloakturn 'sexual harrassment' scenes)- Qhorin and the others run into Rattleshirt and his men, the rangers sacrifice themselves one-by-one to let Qhorin catch up with Jon with Rattleshirt hot on their tail.- the rest follows as in the books, just with Ygritte as their prisoner at the time Rattleshirt catches them.Good point. I never read Jon as this totally badass infallible guy people apparently want him to be in the show, certainly not at this point. I don't think the most important aspect of his development was 'manning up' or 'becoming a great leader'. To me, the most important thing was the development from 'always do what has to be done' like Ned taught him, obeying rules and customs, to 'do what is right from a more humanist point of view'. Lord Commander Jon does things not because the 'rules and customs' say they should be done. If he feels the right thing to do is not what the rules say that should be done, he changes the rules. That is why he opens the gates to the wildlings even though the Night's Watch is supposed to keep them out of the Seven Kingdoms: he feels it is not right to let thousands of people be killed by the others just because they were born on the wrong side of the wall. It's this change that by the end of aDwD is his downfall: he's changed too many rules for the men that followed him to accept.This important aspect of Jon is still intact, so, while I didn't like all the changes and would have preferred a solution that didn't make Jon (and Qhorin) look less competent than they were in the books, I also don't think they really are problematic for Jon's further development.I think that is not a fair judgement. The first book has nowhere near the complexity as the second. It serves as an introduction to the main characters, but there's not really huge character development yet, and the number of different storylines and locations is also significantly less. It's just easier source material to stick to. The second book is where things start to happen more inside the character's heads than through actions, which is much more difficult to translate to the screen, and the huge diverging of the storylines makes it very difficult too. They need to change things to make this interesting TV. If they stuck to all the contemplation and thoughts we get in the books, the 'average' TV-audience would get bored and/or terribly confused. All in all, the fact that we are all still watching and still care about what they do, proves to me that they are not doing a bad job.Interesting post.I certainly don't think anyone would say Jon was infallible. He didn't make any of the mistakes Jon Show does, but that doesn't mean he has super powers or anything. He was badass in the books compared to Jon Show though, although this isn't saying much.I didn't think Jon's arc in CoK was about becoming a leader no, it was about growing up and resigning himself to being a man of the Night's Watch and learning about his duty. Interestingly the leadership bit is what HBO is playing up, if you think about Mormont's comment to Jon at Craster's and Benioff's idea that Jon Show thinks asking to go with Qhorin is a fast track to leadership.I guess I don't agree with your idea of an opposition between a code Jon learned from Ned and a more humane ethos he later develops. Jon has always been a humane person, I think, and he learned this from Ned.Even if you are right about this being central to Jon's development though, why have D & D botched the scene that really revealed Jon being humane, namely his sparing of Ygritte. They changed it from the books so Jon's honourable decision is laced with indecision and weakness. It is not even clear when Jon decides to spare Ygritte, he just chickens out of doing the deed then and there.Lastly, Jon's incompetence, married to his reluctance to kill a girl (the only reason the show gave for his behaviour with Ygritte) has gotten all his comrades killed. This ought to be an immensely powerful formative experience which should change Jon substantially from the book version. So it is hard to say they are really on the right tracks with his character.
					
					
							Edited by Procopius, 26 May 2012 - 10:02 AM.
1835	Ghost714	2012-05-26	Interesting post.I certainly don't think anyone would say Jon was infallible. He didn't make any of the mistakes Jon Show does, but that doesn't mean he has super powers or anything. He was badass in the books compared to Jon Show though, although this isn't saying much.I didn't think Jon's arc in CoK was about becoming a leader no, it was about growing up and resigning himself to being a man of the Night's Watch and learning about his duty. Interestingly the leadership bit is what HBO is playing up, if you think about Mormont's comment to Jon at Craster's and Benioff's idea that Jon Show thinks asking to go with Qhorin is a fast track to leadership.I guess I don't agree with your idea of an opposition between a code Jon learned from Ned and a more humane ethos he later develops. Jon has always been a humane person, I think, and he learned this from Ned.Even if you are right about this being central to Jon's development though, why have D & D botched the scene that really revealed Jon being humane, namely his sparing of Ygritte. They changed it from the books so Jon's honourable decision is laced with indecision and weakness. It is not even clear when Jon decides to spare Ygritte, he just chickens out of doing the deed then and there.Lastly, Jon's incompetence, married to his reluctance to kill a girl (the only reason the show gave for his behaviour with Ygritte) has gotten all his comrades killed. This ought to be an immensely powerful formative experience which should change Jon substantially from the book version. So it is hard to say they are really on the right tracks with his character.I agree with this.
1836	Mulled Wino	2012-05-26	You also missed that he was selected steward to the LC to be groomed for command and was very competant.  Enough so to rescue the LC from a midnight attack from a wight amd kill said wight.  That makes a big point and refutes your comment about his development from one book to John Show season 2.
"hope you make a better ranger than you did a steward"
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 26 May 2012 - 10:50 AM.
1837	Le Cygne	2012-05-26	They miss so many chances to tie the second season to the first season (the season that was so effective because it followed the book more closely).
Most people remember the scene when Ned cut off the head of the boy from the Night's Watch who ran from the white walkers.  Back then, Jon didn't question Ned, he was his hero.  But here Jon is in a nearly identical situation, about to swing the blade and he makes a very different decision, he spares Ygritte.  That's character growth, that's continuity, that's even downright poetic.  The bastard is seeing the shades of gray that Ned, for all his finer points, couldn't see.
The show took all that away.  Sure, they get from point A to point B.  But along the way, they leave something behind - the character.
1838	Harrad	2012-05-26	But here Jon is in a nearly identical situation, about to swing the blade and he makes a very different decision, he spares Ygritte. In what way is this "nearly identical." Ned beheaded an oath breaker. Jon and the Crows captured an enemy on the enemies' soil, and for expediency expected to kill them all. No lofty ideals there. That Jon spared her, for whatever reason, redounds to his favor later. She saves him. What goes around comes around. A standard theme in literature and life.
1839	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	@fengari
i will only respond that even if you accept the show's premise and storyline, there were easy and appropiate changes that would not have impacted time or budget and would fit within the story arc they were creating.
if jon once defended himself to Ygritte during the 2 episodes in other than lame ways.
If he responded just once to shut her up saying something like "I will father no bastards" that would have empowered Jon, given insight to his character and still created and strengthened the relationship to Y.
1840	Sanette	2012-05-26	As I've said before in other threads, I feel this is the most important reason for the changes of the last few episodes. There is no way to show why Jon resists Ygritte's avances if she makes them after he has seemingly joined the wildlings. At that point, he can't say 'I took an oath of celibacy' as the explanation, that would give away to the wildlings that he still considers himself a crow. In the books we know this because we are inside his head, but in the show, if they can't let him say it, the reason for resisting Ygritte is open to interpretation. It could also be because he just isn't into her, or because he's a virgin and afraid to look terribly inexperienced to this wildling woman who obviously knows very well 'what goes where', or any other explanation people could come up with. With the scenes with Ygritte, they have established that he is tempted, but doesn't want to break his vow. If he keeps resisting her avances for a while after he joins them, that shows us he hasn't forgotten that vow yet, without him having to say it.I agree that it's going to be hard to show that Jon's still faithful to his oath. In the book, we can hear his inner thoughts but film has its own ways how to work around that. For example, while being with the wildlings Jon can encounter a member of the night's watch and tell him that he's not a turncloak and then have the wildlings kill the guy. Also they can use the actor's face to show the character's true feelings. Besides, he said he doesn't want to have sex with her because he doesn't want to father a bastard. That explains his hesitation to me. And he didn't find her attractive at first but they can't use that since Ygritte is played by Rose. And if I remember correctly, none of the wildlings really believed that he broke his oath.I didn't think Jon's arc in CoK was about becoming a leader no, it was about growing up and resigning himself to being a man of the Night's Watch and learning about his duty. Interestingly the leadership bit is what HBO is playing up, if you think about Mormont's comment to Jon at Craster's and Benioff's idea that Jon Show thinks asking to go with Qhorin is a fast track to leadership.Jon's motivation is still the same, I think. He's a lord's son who's had to live his whole life under the shadow of his siblings. He wants to prove everyone that he's just as good as them. He couldn't do that while being locked at the Wall, so Mormont's campaign presents a huge opportunity for him. Being asked by Qhorin to join his scout party is a big honor for him and he doesn't want to disappoint him because he's this big famous ranger. And he didn't. He did everything right. He's competent and level-headed. But that's exactly what the show turned on its head. Jon Show is reckless, doesn't think ahead and can't defend himself even if he's being insulted by his prisoner. So his motivation is still there but the execution is completely wrong. The writers might think that his main motivation is to become a leader(which I also don't really agree with) but it isn't flat out wrong. It just isn't something that plays a big part in ACoK. He just wants to be a proper member of the Night's watch and show that he's worth something. The fact that Sam now looks like a more competent man of the watch just proves my point.Another thing that's been bothering me is that Jon's scenes lack drama. And by this I mean dialogues with some powerful writing and emotions. The only one I find good is Mormont telling him to learn how to follow... and maybe his fight with Ygritte about the North. Season 1 was much better in this regard. We had his talk with Eddard, Tyrion, Sam and Aemon. There's one episode left till the end of the season and we've had two fairly interesting scenes that tried to deepen Jon's character. He's one of the main characters for God's sake! But no, they'd rather show Ros getting schooled by LF or being tortured by Joffrey.true. the first season was much easier to translate to the screen. the narrative is tighter the main characters were together for much of it, and then restricted to a few locations, with one outlier(daeny). now everyone is by themselves, and the narrative has widened in scope tremendously. predictably, they lost control, and a lot of season two has suffered. they either wern't up to the task or they underestimated it, admiring their own work in season one. hopefully, after they see what a wreck they've created, they put serious effort into fixing these problems for season 3. again, translating book2 was an exponentially tougher job. nailing it would have been a tremendous accomplishment. but they did not nail it,they do need to make changes, and probably bigger ones than theyve been making. they need to focus on arcs, or cut them entirely. the cliffnotes plotlines we've been getting are weak.This.I think they extremely underestimated the complexity of the second book. But if you can't do it right, then don't do it at all. It seems to me like they didn't have enough time for the pre-production of season 2. The first season was a much longer process and it shows. Hire more writers (good ones) and make Bryan Cogman the third showrunner. They need someone to tell them what they're doing wrong and since D&amp;D started this thing together and had success with it, they can't see clearly anymore. They're downgrading a lot of the characters. I don't know if they fear losing viewers or if they just cater to fans of certain characters. This show is never going to be True Blood but it is HBO. It's supposed to be complex and jarring. This season is "A Clash of Kings for Dummies" and that's a big shock for me after season 1.
					
					
							Edited by Sanette, 26 May 2012 - 12:46 PM.
1841	Nine of Spades	2012-05-26	I want to comment on some things after doing some rereading.
I think it cant be overstated how good Jon Snow is at committing violence, and how comfortable he is with it. That Jon Show would let Craster just haul him around like a sack of potatoes rings hollow, Jon is extremely well prepared to meet violence with violence. By the end of storm of swords, when Thorne goes to grab him Jon grabs Thornes throat with enough force to lift him off the ground and is prepared to throttle him, until other guards step in. At the skirling pass he has no problem killing orell quickly and stil getting a dagger to Ygrittes throat. Unless Jon was unconcious, I dont think he would have left himself to Craster's tender mercy.
That said, if they really wanted to do that scene, why not substitute Sam for Jon? Its not a hit to Sam's character at all, in fact its more in character for him then Jon. In the books I think its pretty clear that Jon isnt really interested in bucking things at Crasters. He airs his concerns to Mormont only later, and leaves it up to Mormont in terms of what to do about it.
And frankly, the fact that Jon is extremely good at violence and has no fear of it, I think is at the core of Ygritte's attraction to him, strange as that may sound. Wildling society is very anarchic, a man's place in it is often his ability to defend what is his. For a woman in such a society, men who are strong protectors are probably very attractive. But the flip side is that strong aggressive men can also be extremely threatening as well. The fact that Jon is in a posiiton where Ygritte expects to be raped, murdered or both and yet treats her relatively well means hes actually a safe person to be interested in, not a minor point. Add to this that he shows interest in what she has to say about Bael the Bard, From the perspective of Ygritte, here she has found a man she finds physically attractive, is safe to be around but equally capable of cutting anyone else who messes with her to ribbons, if you think about it that way Jon is pretty much her dream man. The fact that he killed the halfhand?  Ghost helping is immaterial, since being a warg is like being strong, its a general feature. Jon pretty much establishes himself as one of the deadliest men in Wildling society with that. The halfhand was someone wildlings knew and feared.
I just think Ygritte's attraction to Jon makes a lot of sense in the books when you think through it from a Wildling woman's perspective. Jon is answering the most fundamental questions for such a woman about a man's worthiness in that night.
Anyways I dont think Jon Show can have the same appeal, because hes not anywhere near as dangerous as Jon Snow.  Not that the TV show could have sold things better then the book, which I dont think sold things all that well either, but fundamentally its not the same dynamic.
					
					
							Edited by Nine of Spades, 27 May 2012 - 12:48 AM.
1842	Ghost714	2012-05-26	I want to comment on some things after doing some rereading.I think it cant be overstated how good Jon Snow is at committing violence, and how comfortable he is with it. That Jon Show would let Craster just haul him around like a sack of potatoes rings hollow, Jon is extremely well prepared to meet violence with violence. By the end of storm of swords, when Thorne goes to grab him Jon grabs Thornes throat with enough force to lift him off the ground and is prepared to throttle him, until other guards step in. At the skirling pass he has no problem killing orell quickly and stil getting a dagger to Ygrittes throat. Unless Jon was unconcious, I dont think he would have left himself to Craster's tender mercy.That said, if they really wanted to do that scene, why not substitute Sam for Jon? Its not a hit to Sam's character at all, in fact its more in character for him then Jon. In the books I think its pretty clear that Jon isnt really interested in bucking things at Crasters. He airs his concerns to Mormont only later, and leaves it up to Mormont in terms of what to do about it.And frankly, the fact that Jon is extremely good at violence and has no fear of it, I think is at the core of Ygritte's attraction to him, strange as that may sound. Wildling society is very anarchic, a man's place in it is often his ability to defend what is his. For a woman in such a society, men who are strong protectors are probably very attractive. But the flip side is that strong aggressive men can also be extremely threatening as well. The fact that Jon is in a posiiton where Ygritte expects to be raped, murdered or both means hes actually a safe person to be interested in, not a minor point. Add to this that he shows interest in what she has to say about Bael the Bard, From the perspective of Ygritte, here she has found a man she finds physically attractive, is safe to be around but equally capable of cutting anyone else who messes with her to ribbons, if you think about it that way Jon is pretty much her dream man. The fact that he killed the halfhand?  Ghost helping is immaterial, since being a warg is like being strong, its a general feature. Jon pretty much establishes himself as one of the deadliest men in Wildling society with that. The halfhand was someone wildlings knew and feared.I just think Ygritte's attraction to Jon makes a lot of sense in the books when you think through it from a Wildling woman's perspective. Jon is answering the most fundamental questions for such a woman about a man's worthiness in that night.Anyways I dont think Jon Show can have the same appeal, because hes not anywhere near as dangerous as Jon Snow.  Not that the TV show could have sold things better then the book, which I dont think sold things all that well either, but fundamentally its not the same dynamic.Your absolutely right about why Ygritte is attracted to Jon in the books. It really makes no sense why she is attracted to Jon in the show, other than him physically looking good, unless she likes slow dumb guys. Seriously, Jon Show is a bigger simpleton than Hodor, it's ridiculous. In the books, Jon and Stonesnake are the ones that attack Ygritte, Orel, and that third guy, and Jon takes on two people. Jon kills Orel fast enough to get to Ygritte, before she can make a move. However, the show doesn't give Jon any credit here. In the show Qhorin takes on two guys, and Jon gets Ygritte. So Jon didn't really steal her in the show, because he didn't outfight or outthink the men with her, Qhorin did. In the show version Ygritte should think Qhorin stole her, not Jon. That's why it makes no sense for Ygritte to want Jon in the show. Jon killing Orel and letting Ygritte live was huge for why she liked him, he didn't spare her and then chase her, he just let her go.On a side note, I really loved Ygritte's line in the book, when she says "do it bastard, I can't stay brave for ever", when he is about to kill her. It really made me mad that they didn't give her that line in the show, because I felt like that line was a good representation of Ygritte's character. Also, in the show, when Ygritte is talking to Jon as he is about to take her head off, she was more angry than in the book. Especially when she said "strike hard and true crow, or I'll come back and haunt you", I always thought that line was more playful in the book, and that's part of what made it so hard for Jon, because Ygritte was being so light hearted and casual. In the book, Jon asked Ygritte if she was afraid, and she said, "I was last night, but now the sun has come up". So I don't know, I just thought they made her to angry at that part in the show. I mean Ygritte can be fierce, but she also jokes a lot, and that's what I liked about her in the books, even when she was about to be a head shorter, she was still joking.
1843	fassreiter	2012-05-27	From the perspective of Ygritte, here she has found a man she finds physically attractive, is safe to be around but equally capable of cutting anyone else who messes with her to ribbons, if you think about it that way Jon is pretty much her dream man.You don't get the concept of what a spearwife is at all, do you? In fact, it is Ygritte who stands up and protects Jon on every single occasion in ASOS. The term 'emasculation' in this thread is telling enough. Ygritte is not into Jon because he is a mindless brute who is able to defend what he manages to drag into his cave. Mance is not king of the wildlings because he could beat the Magnar of Thenn and some other leaders. It is much more than that. Wildling society is the only society we have met that knows about gender equality. A man who steals a woman is not simply required to be violent, he must be smart and creative on top of that. Ygritte is not into Jon because he can protect her. She can protect herself. She starts to like him because he is smart, interested in her culture and their songs. If he was a mindless brute, she would just kill him in his sleep, because that is what wildling women do, in contrast to the kneeler women that are just sold by their families and have no way of helping themselves. I liked that about the show, they underlined that there is a society in which women can be strong. I would have hated it if Jon "had just shut her up" with some witty remark. This is her territory, she is a strong woman, and she chose Jon to be her partner not because she needs protection, but because she is a free woman. Just like the free folk choose their own kings. Jon is lost in this kind of society, and the show decided to underline that. He will get used to it and then he will appear more confident again. Right now, he has a lot to learn. For example, that being mocked by a woman doesn't equal emasculation. Ygritte outsmarted him and he will learn to do the same, and she will like him even better for it. Why do you all think weakness in a certain situation is a sign of 'emasculation'? This would imply not being a man (= being a woman) would equal weakness, right? Ygritte was in a weak position when she was captured, and no one would think she was a weak person. She was clever and turned the tables on Jon, so this initial weakness worked in her favour. Jon has to do the same. Why would that be emasculating? You need to experience failures so you can overcome them, but this is not even the point. The point is that Ygritte is not there to show that Jon is a desirable guy. Her function in the story is to reveal the free folk's perspective.  I think it was a good decision to lay the ground work for the concept of wildling society during the scenes with Ygritte and to cut the scenes with the rangers being on the run from Rattleshirt. These scenes would only be useful to work on Qhorin' characterisation, but why do we even need one? We didn't spend as much time with him as in the books. He will die soon, so why 'waste' scarce screen time with him? I like Qhorin in the books, but for the show they decided not to focus on his character, but on this function to the plot development. In the following seasons, it will be much more important that Jon learns about wildling culture because the free folk are an important statement about feudal Westeros and the Game of Thrones. If Jon is destined to be a king or a leader, he needs to learn these things. It's much more important than being the invincible smart guy with the cool wolf. This story is not about Jon, it is about the Game of Thrones. It is a political story, not a Bildungsroman. So maybe they are not very subtle with the handling of Jon's learning processes. So what?
1844	Ghost714	2012-05-27	You don't get the concept of what a spearwife is at all, do you? In fact, it is Ygritte who stands up and protects Jon on every single occasion in ASOS. The term 'emasculation' in this thread is telling enough. Ygritte is not into Jon because he is a mindless brute who is able to defend what he manages to drag into his cave. Mance is not king of the wildlings because he could beat the Magnar of Thenn and some other leaders. It is much more than that. Wildling society is the only society we have met that knows about gender equality. A man who steals a woman is not simply required to be violent, he must be smart and creative on top of that. Ygritte is not into Jon because he can protect her. She can protect herself. She starts to like him because he is smart, interested in her culture and their songs. If he was a mindless brute, she would just kill him in his sleep, because that is what wildling women do, in contrast to the kneeler women that are just sold by their families and have no way of helping themselves. I liked that about the show, they underlined that there is a society in which women can be strong. I would have hated it if Jon "had just shut her up" with some witty remark. This is her territory, she is a strong woman, and she chose Jon to be her partner not because she needs protection, but because she is a free woman. Just like the free folk choose their own kings. Jon is lost in this kind of society, and the show decided to underline that. He will get used to it and then he will appear more confident again. Right now, he has a lot to learn. For example, that being mocked by a woman doesn't equal emasculation. Ygritte outsmarted him and he will learn to do the same, and she will like him even better for it. Why do you all think weakness in a certain situation is a sign of 'emasculation'? This would imply not being a man (= being a woman) would equal weakness, right? Ygritte was in a weak position when she was captured, and no one would think she was a weak person. She was clever and turned the tables on Jon, so this initial weakness worked in her favour. Jon has to do the same. Why would that be emasculating? You need to experience failures so you can overcome them, but this is not even the point. The point is that Ygritte is not there to show that Jon is a desirable guy. Her function in the story is to reveal the free folk's perspective.  I think it was a good decision to lay the ground work for the concept of wildling society during the scenes with Ygritte and to cut the scenes with the rangers being on the run from Rattleshirt. These scenes would only be useful to work on Qhorin' characterisation, but why do we even need one? We didn't spend as much time with him as in the books. He will die soon, so why 'waste' scarce screen time with him? I like Qhorin in the books, but for the show they decided not to focus on his character, but on this function to the plot development. In the following seasons, it will be much more important that Jon learns about wildling culture because the free folk are an important statement about feudal Westeros and the Game of Thrones. If Jon is destined to be a king or a leader, he needs to learn these things. It's much more important than being the invincible smart guy with the cool wolf. This story is not about Jon, it is about the Game of Thrones. It is a political story, not a Bildungsroman. So maybe they are not very subtle with the handling of Jon's learning processes. So what?So Ygritte likes Jon because he is smart, I can see that in the books, because in the books, Jon is pretty smart, even when out of his known element. However, how in the world could Ygritte ever start to like Jon in the show, he is not smart, at all. On top of that, they did not have Ygritte tell the story of Bael the Bard, so it's not like Ygritte was attracted to Jon because he showed an interest in her culture right away. So they didn't have Jon kill Orel, they didn't show him taking an interest into her culture right away, and they didn't show Jon doing anything "smart". In fact, they showed many examples of Jon being stupid. So what the hell is there to make Ygritte want to be with Jon? Nothing that I can think of, and that's what I think people are having an issue with. Well that, and many other things.Today I actually reread all of Jon's chapters in ACoK, from the moment he leaves the Fist to go with Qhorin into the Skirling Pass. So I gotta say that I disagree with you about them showing Jon and Qhorin getting chased by Rattleshirt. That chase was not all about Qhorin, so I don't share the same opinion on, "he's going to die, so why show it". There are really a lot of golden moments during those Jon chapters, and I feel like the show could have had some amazing dialogue between Jon and Qhorin. In those chapters, you really feel a since of urgency that is completely nonexistent in the show, when it comes to Jon's scenes. Those chapters are just so good IMO, you see these guys being willing to sacrifice themselves so that a few of them might make it back to the fist, and they do it without a moments hesitation. I think that would have been nice to see in the show, instead of Jon being responsible for the deaths of three of his Brothers, and the capture of the Halfhand. Those Jon chapters are so good, and so frustrating, because they literally did everything they could to get away from Rattleshirt, it just was not enough. Without showing the chase, the death of Qhorin isn't going to be impacting at all, at least nothing like it was in the books. Especially because they not only didn't show the chase, but they also didn't make Qhorin as awesome as he was in the book. In the book, Qhorin is this soft spoken giant of a man, with a huge amount of wisdom, and book Qhorin is somebody who respects the Wildlings a lot, even as they are chasing them, trying to kill them. That kind of Qhorin is way more interesting than the short loud Qhorin on the show, who calls the Wildlings "goat fuckers", and tells Jon that he is stupider than he looks for saying he understood something that Qhorin in the book would actually believe in. Then show Qhorin says, "it's all just a bunch of words boy. Something to help us sleep at night", and I think that's ridiculously out of character for Qhorin. Qhorin really believed in dying for the Realm, and the Nights Watch.I really can not get past how much they screwed up Qhorin... And all of Jon's story, for that matter.
1845	Fengari	2012-05-27	*snip*I guess I don't agree with your idea of an opposition between a code Jon learned from Ned and a more humane ethos he later develops. Jon has always been a humane person, I think, and he learned this from Ned.Even if you are right about this being central to Jon's development though, why have D & D botched the scene that really revealed Jon being humane, namely his sparing of Ygritte. They changed it from the books so Jon's honourable decision is laced with indecision and weakness. It is not even clear when Jon decides to spare Ygritte, he just chickens out of doing the deed then and there.Lastly, Jon's incompetence, married to his reluctance to kill a girl (the only reason the show gave for his behaviour with Ygritte) has gotten all his comrades killed. This ought to be an immensely powerful formative experience which should change Jon substantially from the book version. So it is hard to say they are really on the right tracks with his character.I guess it boils down to how GRRM's characters are so complex different people relate to different aspects of them. Although I think bringing a part of his relationship with Ygritte forward in the story was needed, I already said I wished they would have done it differently, without everything being the result of mistakes made by Jon. So I agree with you on that. The point is that for me, that isn't crucial to Jon's character development, it does change things, but it doesn't ruin everything. I understand that if you valued different aspects of the character, that may be more problematic to you, and I admit that that means the show has done a poor job of portraying the full complexity of the character. It just didn't feel that bad to me because the character as they chose to portray it still is in line with my personal view of it. (To say all this in one sentence: I concede /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )Jon being 'responsible' for the three rangers being killed is indeed huge. There's quite a few different ways this can influence Jon, and we have yet to see where they'll take that, let's hope they will use it to turn him around (as in, he'll realise he really needs to think things through more).*snip* Also, in the show, when Ygritte is talking to Jon as he is about to take her head off, she was more angry than in the book. Especially when she said "strike hard and true crow, or I'll come back and haunt you", I always thought that line was more playful in the book, and that's part of what made it so hard for Jon, because Ygritte was being so light hearted and casual. In the book, Jon asked Ygritte if she was afraid, and she said, "I was last night, but now the sun has come up". So I don't know, I just thought they made her to angry at that part in the show. I mean Ygritte can be fierce, but she also jokes a lot, and that's what I liked about her in the books, even when she was about to be a head shorter, she was still joking.I never read the lines you quoted as jokes. I always saw them as references to the WW: 'strike kard and true crow, or I'll come back and haunt you': if he doesn't do the job thoroughly she may become a wight.  'I was last night, but now the sun has come up': the really terrifying things happen at night, in comparison, getting a 'clean' beheading is not so terrifying. Which doesn't mean it is not scary, which is why she said she 'can't be brave forever'.
1846	Mulled Wino	2012-05-27	You don't get the concept of what a spearwife is at all, do you? In fact, it is Ygritte who stands up and protects Jon on every single occasion in ASOS. The term 'emasculation' in this thread is telling enough. Ygritte is not into Jon because he is a mindless brute who is able to defend what he manages to drag into his cave. Mance is not king of the wildlings because he could beat the Magnar of Thenn and some other leaders. It is much more than that. Wildling society is the only society we have met that knows about gender equality. A man who steals a woman is not simply required to be violent, he must be smart and creative on top of that. Ygritte is not into Jon because he can protect her. She can protect herself. She starts to like him because he is smart, interested in her culture and their songs. If he was a mindless brute, she would just kill him in his sleep, because that is what wildling women do, in contrast to the kneeler women that are just sold by their families and have no way of helping themselves. I liked that about the show, they underlined that there is a society in which women can be strong. I would have hated it if Jon "had just shut her up" with some witty remark. This is her territory, she is a strong woman, and she chose Jon to be her partner not because she needs protection, but because she is a free woman. Just like the free folk choose their own kings. Jon is lost in this kind of society, and the show decided to underline that. He will get used to it and then he will appear more confident again. Right now, he has a lot to learn. For example, that being mocked by a woman doesn't equal emasculation. Ygritte outsmarted him and he will learn to do the same, and she will like him even better for it. Why do you all think weakness in a certain situation is a sign of 'emasculation'? This would imply not being a man (= being a woman) would equal weakness, right? Ygritte was in a weak position when she was captured, and no one would think she was a weak person. She was clever and turned the tables on Jon, so this initial weakness worked in her favour. Jon has to do the same. Why would that be emasculating? You need to experience failures so you can overcome them, but this is not even the point. The point is that Ygritte is not there to show that Jon is a desirable guy. Her function in the story is to reveal the free folk's perspective.  I think it was a good decision to lay the ground work for the concept of wildling society during the scenes with Ygritte and to cut the scenes with the rangers being on the run from Rattleshirt. These scenes would only be useful to work on Qhorin' characterisation, but why do we even need one? We didn't spend as much time with him as in the books. He will die soon, so why 'waste' scarce screen time with him? I like Qhorin in the books, but for the show they decided not to focus on his character, but on this function to the plot development. In the following seasons, it will be much more important that Jon learns about wildling culture because the free folk are an important statement about feudal Westeros and the Game of Thrones. If Jon is destined to be a king or a leader, he needs to learn these things. It's much more important than being the invincible smart guy with the cool wolf. This story is not about Jon, it is about the Game of Thrones. It is a political story, not a Bildungsroman. So maybe they are not very subtle with the handling of Jon's learning processes. So what?Double post
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 27 May 2012 - 07:45 AM.
1847	Mulled Wino	2012-05-27	You don't get the concept of what a spearwife is at all, do you? In fact, it is Ygritte who stands up and protects Jon on every single occasion in ASOS. The term 'emasculation' in this thread is telling enough. Ygritte is not into Jon because he is a mindless brute who is able to defend what he manages to drag into his cave. Mance is not king of the wildlings because he could beat the Magnar of Thenn and some other leaders. It is much more than that. Wildling society is the only society we have met that knows about gender equality. A man who steals a woman is not simply required to be violent, he must be smart and creative on top of that. Ygritte is not into Jon because he can protect her. She can protect herself. She starts to like him because he is smart, interested in her culture and their songs. If he was a mindless brute, she would just kill him in his sleep, because that is what wildling women do, in contrast to the kneeler women that are just sold by their families and have no way of helping themselves. I liked that about the show, they underlined that there is a society in which women can be strong. I would have hated it if Jon "had just shut her up" with some witty remark. This is her territory, she is a strong woman, and she chose Jon to be her partner not because she needs protection, but because she is a free woman. Just like the free folk choose their own kings. Jon is lost in this kind of society, and the show decided to underline that. He will get used to it and then he will appear more confident again. Right now, he has a lot to learn. For example, that being mocked by a woman doesn't equal emasculation. Ygritte outsmarted him and he will learn to do the same, and she will like him even better for it. Why do you all think weakness in a certain situation is a sign of 'emasculation'? This would imply not being a man (= being a woman) would equal weakness, right? Ygritte was in a weak position when she was captured, and no one would think she was a weak person. She was clever and turned the tables on Jon, so this initial weakness worked in her favour. Jon has to do the same. Why would that be emasculating? You need to experience failures so you can overcome them, but this is not even the point. The point is that Ygritte is not there to show that Jon is a desirable guy. Her function in the story is to reveal the free folk's perspective.  I think it was a good decision to lay the ground work for the concept of wildling society during the scenes with Ygritte and to cut the scenes with the rangers being on the run from Rattleshirt. These scenes would only be useful to work on Qhorin' characterisation, but why do we even need one? We didn't spend as much time with him as in the books. He will die soon, so why 'waste' scarce screen time with him? I like Qhorin in the books, but for the show they decided not to focus on his character, but on this function to the plot development. In the following seasons, it will be much more important that Jon learns about wildling culture because the free folk are an important statement about feudal Westeros and the Game of Thrones. If Jon is destined to be a king or a leader, he needs to learn these things. It's much more important than being the invincible smart guy with the cool wolf. This story is not about Jon, it is about the Game of Thrones. It is a political story, not a Bildungsroman. So maybe they are not very subtle with the handling of Jon's learning processes. So what?You are the one who doesnt get the concept of spearwife.  The is no need to look any further than how one acquires a spearwife.  Your post is so wrong its not even funny.  Its mentioned a number of times that a man has to prove his cunning by capturing his wife.  And mance does hace to physicaly best clan chiefs to become king.  He says so.  He had to kill a few and beat the magnar 3 times.  Strength comes first and foremost. For husbands, spearwives etc.  Everything trickles down from there
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 27 May 2012 - 08:35 AM.
1848	Mulled Wino	2012-05-27	We needed the chase scene wit QH becAuse it would make for great tv.
1849	Mulled Wino	2012-05-27	So Ygritte likes Jon because he is smart, I can see that in the books, because in the books, Jon is pretty smart, even when out of his known element. However, how in the world could Ygritte ever start to like Jon in the show, he is not smart, at all. On top of that, they did not have Ygritte tell the story of Bael the Bard, so it's not like Ygritte was attracted to Jon because he showed an interest in her culture right away. So they didn't have Jon kill Orel, they didn't show him taking an interest into her culture right away, and they didn't show Jon doing anything "smart". In fact, they showed many examples of Jon being stupid. So what the hell is there to make Ygritte want to be with Jon? Nothing that I can think of, and that's what I think people are having an issue with. Well that, and many other things.Today I actually reread all of Jon's chapters in ACoK, from the moment he leaves the Fist to go with Qhorin into the Skirling Pass. So I gotta say that I disagree with you about them showing Jon and Qhorin getting chased by Rattleshirt. That chase was not all about Qhorin, so I don't share the same opinion on, "he's going to die, so why show it". There are really a lot of golden moments during those Jon chapters, and I feel like the show could have had some amazing dialogue between Jon and Qhorin. In those chapters, you really feel a since of urgency that is completely nonexistent in the show, when it comes to Jon's scenes. Those chapters are just so good IMO, you see these guys being willing to sacrifice themselves so that a few of them might make it back to the fist, and they do it without a moments hesitation. I think that would have been nice to see in the show, instead of Jon being responsible for the deaths of three of his Brothers, and the capture of the Halfhand. Those Jon chapters are so good, and so frustrating, because they literally did everything they could to get away from Rattleshirt, it just was not enough. Without showing the chase, the death of Qhorin isn't going to be impacting at all, at least nothing like it was in the books. Especially because they not only didn't show the chase, but they also didn't make Qhorin as awesome as he was in the book. In the book, Qhorin is this soft spoken giant of a man, with a huge amount of wisdom, and book Qhorin is somebody who respects the Wildlings a lot, even as they are chasing them, trying to kill them. That kind of Qhorin is way more interesting than the short loud Qhorin on the show, who calls the Wildlings "goat fuckers", and tells Jon that he is stupider than he looks for saying he understood something that Qhorin in the book would actually believe in. Then show Qhorin says, "it's all just a bunch of words boy. Something to help us sleep at night", and I think that's ridiculously out of character for Qhorin. Qhorin really believed in dying for the Realm, and the Nights Watch.I really can not get past how much they screwed up Qhorin... And all of Jon's story, for that matter.This.The chase and Jon Snow's subsequent defection was the most exciting storyline in CoK imo.Easily translatable and would make awesome tv.
1850	SerMixalot	2012-05-27	WRT to Jon's feelings about turning his cloak it is another example GRRM has placed in the story about conflicting duties.  He has a duty to his vows to the NW and he has a duty to follow QH's orders.  The interesting part is how he thinks and reacts to this conflict.  He tries to find a middle ground going over to the wildings, becoming a wilding, while never losing his core belief that he remains a NW.  And we see how different people react to it.  Some believe him and htat he remained honorable, while others dont.
It is interesting to contemplate how other characters would have reacted in that scenario, ie Jamie,Ned, Brienne
1851	jonsnow74	2012-05-27	Man, poor Jon Snow, he can't even get credit for finding the dragonglass with ghost, AND he now has follow Ygritte around on a chain with her threatening to cut off his balls if he escapes in front of everyone.He got punked repeatedly at Craster's, had to beg to go with the Halfhand, didn't get to kill anyone when they found Ygritte the other watchers (just only took her by suprise), he gets himself lost, then Ygritte makes him look like a child in their banter, and gets led into a trap by Ygritte.They are just killing this poor kid, and by extension Ghost.  Ghost is the worst warg partner/guardian direwolf in history right now.  and his hair is the worst and why does he constantly have the look of a really dumb person on his face all the time
1852	jonsnow74	2012-05-27	I really dont like the Jon Snow thats in the show his hair makes me want to beat him up
1853	Nine of Spades	2012-05-27	You don't get the concept of what a spearwife is at all, do you? In fact, it is Ygritte who stands up and protects Jon on every single occasion in ASOS.She sticks up for him within the society, she doesnt physically protect him or seem to worry about him. When Rattleshirt is threatening him on the Fist of the First Men, she seems content enough to let Jon and Ghost kill him, though she does point out that Ghost is there. Shes quick to point out hes the one who killed the Halfhand and Orell Thats not to say that shes a shrinking violet and wont stick up for herself, but shes still a wildling. I dont think she would protect him if she didnt think he was worth the time or would never be able to stick up for himself. Or her. Show Jon doesnt give Ygritte any reason to think hes worth the time.The term 'emasculation' in this thread is telling enough. Ygritte is not into Jon because he is a mindless brute who is able to defend what he manages to drag into his cave. Mance is not king of the wildlings because he could beat the Magnar of Thenn and some other leaders. It is much more than that. Wildling society is the only society we have met that knows about gender equality. A man who steals a woman is not simply required to be violent, he must be smart and creative on top of that. Ygritte is not into Jon because he can protect her. She can protect herself.I think the how of it is far less important then that you succeed. Its sort of a test of manhood, one you have to pass to get the girl.As for Mance, being kng of the wildlings isnt about conquest. Hes a coalition builder. Hes only a leader in as much as hes convinced the other leaders that they should listen to him. And that coalition is very fragile, that pretty much dissolves as soon as hes captured.I think you are misapplying modern notions here. Wildling society has "gender equality" in the sense that it comes darn close to everyone for themselves. A woman has to fight for her life, just like everyone else, and if shes good at it, they dont hold it against you. You either strong, or you are nothing. When Ygritte tells Jon about her first time, she mentions that the boy tried to steal her later, and Longspear Rick broke his arm and called the boy weak. All wildling women are going to want the strongest men they can find, even if they can protect themselves, because having 2 strong people in a marraige is going to be safer then one.She starts to like him because he is smart, interested in her culture and their songs. If he was a mindless brute, she would just kill him in his sleep, because that is what wildling women do, in contrast to the kneeler women that are just sold by their families and have no way of helping themselves. I liked that about the show, they underlined that there is a society in which women can be strong. I would have hated it if Jon "had just shut her up" with some witty remark. This is her territory, she is a strong woman, and she chose Jon to be her partner not because she needs protection, but because she is a free woman. Just like the free folk choose their own kings. Jon is lost in this kind of society, and the show decided to underline that. He will get used to it and then he will appear more confident again. Right now, he has a lot to learn. For example, that being mocked by a woman doesn't equal emasculation. Ygritte outsmarted him and he will learn to do the same, and she will like him even better for it. Why do you all think weakness in a certain situation is a sign of 'emasculation'? This would imply not being a man (= being a woman) would equal weakness, right? Ygritte was in a weak position when she was captured, and no one would think she was a weak person. She was clever and turned the tables on Jon, so this initial weakness worked in her favour. Jon has to do the same. Why would that be emasculating? You need to experience failures so you can overcome them, but this is not even the point. The point is that Ygritte is not there to show that Jon is a desirable guy. Her function in the story is to reveal the free folk's perspective.It changes the nature of their first encounter profoundly. Instead of Jon showing strength, he shows weakness. So her first impression of him is going to be "this guy couldnt even hold me prisoner properly , what a moron." The subsequent belittling, especially the nature of it, is also I think telling. It might be possible to salvage Jon in her eyes if Qhorin and Jon escape in a clever way, but even then they are just going to be hunted down again and Jon will yield. But the fact the escape will surely fail diminishes the importance of it. But still, he doesnt even properly steal her in the show. Her people recover her easily enough. In the book she isnt set free until Jon lets her go. As far as shes concerned hes free and clear at that point. But the show? He doesnt really have her free and clear and ultimately Jon doesnt escape.As for Ygritte being weak, she didnt try and turn her cloak did she? Part of the reason that shes tough is because of how she stands up to the notion of being executed. She also shows her toughness and cleverness in how she maneuvers Jon through wildling society. Jon is invariably going to look weaker in the first half of ASoS, because he does need Ygritte's help quite a bit. But the story can get away with it because Jon is already pretty well established both in the story, so what happens at the end of the book is believable for the character.And no, her function is not just to tell Jon of the wilding customs, its also to make him fall in love with her, to put the tension between love and freedom vs. duty and quite possibly death. Shes a temptation for Jon.I think it was a good decision to lay the ground work for the concept of wildling society during the scenes with Ygritte and to cut the scenes with the rangers being on the run from Rattleshirt. These scenes would only be useful to work on Qhorin' characterisation, but why do we even need one? We didn't spend as much time with him as in the books. He will die soon, so why 'waste' scarce screen time with him? I like Qhorin in the books, but for the show they decided not to focus on his character, but on this function to the plot development. In the following seasons, it will be much more important that Jon learns about wildling culture because the free folk are an important statement about feudal Westeros and the Game of Thrones. If Jon is destined to be a king or a leader, he needs to learn these things. It's much more important than being the invincible smart guy with the cool wolf. This story is not about Jon, it is about the Game of Thrones. It is a political story, not a Bildungsroman. So maybe they are not very subtle with the handling of Jon's learning processes. So what?Those scenes running would, if done properly, been good TV. It also would have been more faithful to the characters in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Nine of Spades, 27 May 2012 - 12:29 PM.
1854	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-27	Wildling society is the only society we have met that knows about gender equality. A man who steals a woman is not simply required to be violent, he must be smart and creative on top of that.Gender equality...ehhhh maybe. If you look at it from the point of view of a male in wilding society who can't steal a woman or is incompetent in violent situations - he's most likely devalued and branded as effeminate. Women are allowed a lot of independence, but there's still hierarchy. I didn't get the sense that there is a variety of expressions that are equally valued in wildling society - you're a badass or a badass bitch, and that's it. Having to be a badass all the time is emotionally draining and virtually impossible. The true test of gender equality is how a society responds to weakness, not just strength.Ygritte is not into Jon because he can protect her. She can protect herself. She starts to like him because he is smart, interested in her culture and their songs. If he was a mindless brute, she would just kill him in his sleep, because that is what wildling women do, in contrast to the kneeler women that are just sold by their families and have no way of helping themselves. I liked that about the show, they underlined that there is a society in which women can be strong.I dont buy the protection argument either. Jon has always been interested in strong women, and that's why Ygritte likes him - he's not threatened by her and doesn't treat her like a helpless maiden. I would have hated it if Jon "had just shut her up" with some witty remark.Me too, this is why Tyrion's remarks to Cersei really get on my nerves.Jon is lost in this kind of society, and the show decided to underline that.He seems lost in both NW and wildling society. In the show, he's a shitty ranger and a shitty steward. I think that's what people are complaining about.being mocked by a woman doesn't equal emasculation. Ygritte outsmarted him and he will learn to do the same, ...Whatever you call it, Jon Show is repeatedly insulted by the people around him. This didn't happen in the books. Jon Show is "prettier than Craster's daughters," not a "better ranger" than a steward, "brave but stupid," and "dumber than he looks." At this point in character rankings he's probably the only Stark who hasn't done something to impress those around him (let alone the audience). Arya, his closest ally in the family, looks like a female genius compared to him. Benioff and Weiss seem to think he's a dumb jock.I think it was a good decision to lay the ground work for the concept of wildling society during the scenes with Ygritte and to cut the scenes with the rangers being on the run from Rattleshirt...I agree with others who have complained that they lack drama. The stakes need to be high for the fate of the characters. Tension should be building, but its not. We just have Jon bumbling from one scene to the next. We can have an anthropology lesson later in S3.
1855	Longspear Ryk	2012-05-27	what their doing to Jon is complete blasphemy if you ask me....
D&D must hate Jon Snow... they make him look like such a dumbass.
1856	Nine of Spades	2012-05-27	I dont buy the protection argument either. Jon has always been interested in strong women, and that's why Ygritte likes him - he's not threatened by her and doesn't treat her like a helpless maiden.Your looking at it in terms of what Ygritte would want specifically for her personality. Thats not the point. What Wildling society has conditioned her to look for in men is one who can A) take what he wants and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> protect what he has. Ygritte wouldnt consider anyone she doesnt see as strong, or at least as strong as she can get, a suitable mate. Again, the other guy we know of that was interested in her was ultimately dismissed as weak. Strength is a very basic requirement here, one that if we assume that Ygritte is capable of protecting herself, not a lot of men are likely to meet.
1857	GoodGuyA	2012-05-27	I feel that it's all about the progression of the character. Season 1 his arc was about learning to accept his place as something even lesser than he truly was, but rises higher than he ever could have become otherwise. Season 2 is about his downfall from that stature. Jon never seemed to go through a real arc in the books. When the big event for him happened in ASOS, it seemed to be leaping over character steps rather than taking them one by one.Listen, all I'm saying is that I feel the spirit has been kept. Jon's never been the most interesting character, and surely not a lot happens in his Book 2 storyline. Go north (with someone), find wildlings. I completely understand them giving the dragonglass to Samwise Samwell. It starts him on his own arc, which I again hope is better handled than the book. His own story in ASOS is Go south (with someone), be cold.People will be re-evaluating things by the time Season 3 comes around. The writers are working in the long term in order to even out the plots and the characters with their respective points, and when we examine emotional states it becomes more evident of why decisions were made. Just step back for a moment and ask if it works for what story is going to be told over the course of the show. I think you'll surprise yourselves on what you can and can't forgive.
					
					
							Edited by GoodGuyA, 27 May 2012 - 07:40 PM.
1858	Ghost714	2012-05-27	I feel that it's all about the progression of the character. Season 1 his arc was about learning to accept his place as something even lesser than he truly was, but rises higher than he ever could have become otherwise. Season 2 is about his downfall from that stature. Jon never seemed to go through a real arc in the books. When the big event for him happened in ASOS, it seemed to be leaping over character steps rather than taking them one by one.Listen, all I'm saying is that I feel the spirit has been kept. Jon's never been the most interesting character, and surely not a lot happens in his Book 2 storyline. Go north (with someone), find wildlings. I completely understand them giving the dragonglass to Samwise Samwell. It starts him on his own arc, which I again hope is better handled than the book. His own story in ASOS is Go south (with someone), be cold.People will be re-evaluating things by the time Season 3 comes around. The writers are working in the long term in order to even out the plots and the characters with their respective points, and when we examine emotional states it becomes more evident of why decisions were made. Just step back for a moment and ask if it works for what story is going to be told over the course of the show. I think you'll surprise yourselves on what you can and can't forgive.Just because you didn't think Jon's story was that interesting in ASoS, that doesn't mean everybody thinks that. And the story they tell over the course of the show should reflect the story told in the books, for the most part.The writers can tell a story in the long term while evening out the plots and characters, without completely changing the essence of the characters. They can do it without making Jon the dumbest guy in the Nights Watch etc.
1859	Mulled Wino	2012-05-27	I feel that it's all about the progression of the character. Season 1 his arc was about learning to accept his place as something even lesser than he truly was, but rises higher than he ever could have become otherwise. Season 2 is about his downfall from that stature. Jon never seemed to go through a real arc in the books. When the big event for him happened in ASOS, it seemed to be leaping over character steps rather than taking them one by one.Listen, all I'm saying is that I feel the spirit has been kept. Jon's never been the most interesting character, and surely not a lot happens in his Book 2 storyline. Go north (with someone), find wildlings. I completely understand them giving the dragonglass to Samwise Samwell. It starts him on his own arc, which I again hope is better handled than the book. His own story in ASOS is Go south (with someone), be cold.People will be re-evaluating things by the time Season 3 comes around. The writers are working in the long term in order to even out the plots and the characters with their respective points, and when we examine emotional states it becomes more evident of why decisions were made. Just step back for a moment and ask if it works for what story is going to be told over the course of the show. I think you'll surprise yourselves on what you can and can't forgive.Jon's storyline not interesting in CoK?
1860	Lord Haart	2012-05-28	I'm not unhappy with how Jon's been treated by the show, and I've been a fan of his up to the end of ADwD (where I feel like Martin makes him seem dumb without warning - maybe these episodes will help make that believable?).
Yigrette was well acted (I think), and their dialogue was some of the funniest yet.  Jon doesn't seem dumb to me - just green.  I think he's going to benefit in the long term because this sets him up to grow, whereas in the book he starts off as a cool badass who slowly degrades into a kid that makes dumb decisions (same thing as Dany, btw.  Start a character off as too strong, and you can't really grow them, nor can you give them real challenges without making them appear fallible in a way they previously weren't (which makes them look dumb)).
1861	GoodGuyA	2012-05-28	Jon's storyline not interesting in CoK? In terms of how it translates, no. We obviously can't be inside his head for any of it, and most of the events we come across are set-ups. Craster is set-up. FotFM is set-up. Qhorin is set-up (at least it pays off in that book). Ygritte is set-up. It's introducing concepts and leaving them to be resolved in ASoS. That's why the ASoS storyline for Jon is so interesting. The things he learns about the cultures around him are shown and pay off in a relatively smooth timeframe. It's complex without being convoluted, such as Robb's story. If you all think that these decisions are somehow ruining Jon's character, you forget what his character was back then.
1862	Hear me Meow	2012-05-28	I'm not unhappy with how Jon's been treated by the show, and I've been a fan of his up to the end of ADwD (where I feel like Martin makes him seem dumb without warning - maybe these episodes will help make that believable?).Yigrette was well acted (I think), and their dialogue was some of the funniest yet.  Jon doesn't seem dumb to me - just green.  I think he's going to benefit in the long term because this sets him up to grow, whereas in the book he starts off as a cool badass who slowly degrades into a kid that makes dumb decisions (same thing as Dany, btw.  Start a character off as too strong, and you can't really grow them, nor can you give them real challenges without making them appear fallible in a way they previously weren't (which makes them look dumb)).I respect your opinion (and its good your happy with the HBO story) but I could not disagree more with this.Jon definitely did not start behaving like a dumb kid at the end of a DwD. He had never had to face a situation in the first three books that tried him even remotely as much as the role of Lord Commander did in a DwD. I think a lot of people were unhappy with how Grrm wrote Jon and Dany in Dance because they have no conception of how much more difficult leadership is, especially at such a young age, than most other roles. Jon and Dany had to shine in the early books to make credible their rapid ascent to power in their respective areas as well as the competent and capable way they wielded it (for the most part). I don't know of anyone in our history who as been elected a military leader at sixteen (saving when election only confirms a hereditary succession) and Dany the fifteen year old conqueror of Astapor has no parallel. Jon is respected as LC despite his youth and inexperience, has much more vision than all his other commanders and wins the respect of Stannis. His mistakes at the end of DwD were not a boy's mistakes but could easily have been made by grown men. The same sort of thing goes for Dany but I'm not going to get into that. For Jon in particular nothing he does in the early books, including Storm, is remotely as challenging as pulling off the role of Lord Commander given the situation in Dance. As LC he is required to have well thought out long term plans for the defence of the wall, ways of dealing with Stannis, the Boltons, the Wildlings and methods of keeping his own men in check and maintaining good relations with them. He also has to organize supplies. He has to defend all his decisions to those around him who are critical of them and try and persuade them to come around to his point of view. The political situation in the north becomes very tangled and complicated and the situation created by Ramsay's direct threat to the watch leaves him faced with a problem to which there really is no easy answer.In Clash he just has to follow Qhorin's orders which he does competently (unlike Jon Show). Storm is more difficult but posing as a turncloak, escaping, carrying a message to Castle Black and then aiding Donal Noye to conduct the defence doesn't even equate to the complexity of the problems he faced as LC. A lot of the stuff in Storm requires single mindedness, determination, survival skills and so on. In Dance he had quite different problems thrown at him all the time which he was substantially less well trained to cope with. They required much more thought, tact and consistent dedication that his previous tasks. I don't think it is surprising or unbelievable that he failed (although we don't quite know what happened as yet). But I certainly don't think he degenerated at all during Dance, quite the opposite really. The only reason to think this is if you believe he was handling the same sorts of problems in the early books and he just wasn't.It's Jon Show who is the poor character because it really isn't believable than he can improve himself to anything like the extent he needs to, to be LC in 16-18 episodes. He lacks maturity, which is essential in young leaders and he fails at even basic good sense. He has no idea who he is and is much less comfortable in his own skin than Jon Snow (who does have identity issues). He is just an average kind of chap, not really stupid in the grand scheme of things but he isn't anything like he needs to be if he is going to be a very young military and political leader in less than a year's time. The time with the wildlings is even another unknown environment for him, where he doesn't learn the lessons he seems to need and unlike Jon Snow he drowned on his first ranging.If HBO follows the basic story of Jon in the books it will be wildly implausible in character terms, unlike Martin's story which shows great insight into the problems of leadership and and the difficulties especially young rulers faced. I think if you want precocious sixteen year old generals and queens you ought to make them impressive at an early age because ruling is far more complicated and difficult than anything else.
1863	Mulled Wino	2012-05-28	In terms of how it translates, no. We obviously can't be inside his head for any of it, and most of the events we come across are set-ups. Craster is set-up. FotFM is set-up. Qhorin is set-up (at least it pays off in that book). Ygritte is set-up. It's introducing concepts and leaving them to be resolved in ASoS. That's why the ASoS storyline for Jon is so interesting. The things he learns about the cultures around him are shown and pay off in a relatively smooth timeframe. It's complex without being convoluted, such as Robb's story. If you all think that these decisions are somehow ruining Jon's character, you forget what his character was back then.You are completely out of your mind and 100% off base.  The above post is a complete fabrication.  What decisions are you saying that I am saying is ruining his character.  How about being specific instead if making generic comments that make zero sense.What is specifically wrong with the perception of his character?  Lol at "set-ups".  Everything could be construed as a "set-up" in the books.  Literally EVERYTHING.
1864	Mulled Wino	2012-05-28	I respect your opinion (and its good your happy with the HBO story) but I could not disagree more with this.Jon definitely did not start behaving like a dumb kid at the end of a DwD. He had never had to face a situation in the first three books that tried him even remotely as much as the role of Lord Commander did in a DwD. I think a lot of people were unhappy with how Grrm wrote Jon and Dany in Dance because they have no conception of how much more difficult leadership is, especially at such a young age, than most other roles. Jon and Dany had to shine in the early books to make credible their rapid ascent to power in their respective areas as well as the competent and capable way they wielded it (for the most part). I don't know of anyone in our history who as been elected a military leader at sixteen (saving when election only confirms a hereditary succession) and Dany the fifteen year old conqueror of Astapor has no parallel. Jon is respected as LC despite his youth and inexperience, has much more vision than all his other commanders and wins the respect of Stannis. His mistakes at the end of DwD were not a boy's mistakes but could easily have been made by grown men. The same sort of thing goes for Dany but I'm not going to get into that. For Jon in particular nothing he does in the early books, including Storm, is remotely as challenging as pulling off the role of Lord Commander given the situation in Dance. As LC he is required to have well thought out long term plans for the defence of the wall, ways of dealing with Stannis, the Boltons, the Wildlings and methods of keeping his own men in check and maintaining good relations with them. He also has to organize supplies. He has to defend all his decisions to those around him who are critical of them and try and persuade them to come around to his point of view. The political situation in the north becomes very tangled and complicated and the situation created by Ramsay's direct threat to the watch leaves him faced with a problem to which there really is no easy answer.In Clash he just has to follow Qhorin's orders which he does competently (unlike Jon Show). Storm is more difficult but posing as a turncloak, escaping, carrying a message to Castle Black and then aiding Donal Noye to conduct the defence doesn't even equate to the complexity of the problems he faced as LC. A lot of the stuff in Storm requires single mindedness, determination, survival skills and so on. In Dance he had quite different problems thrown at him all the time which he was substantially less well trained to cope with. They required much more thought, tact and consistent dedication that his previous tasks. I don't think it is surprising or unbelievable that he failed (although we don't quite know what happened as yet). But I certainly don't think he degenerated at all during Dance, quite the opposite really. The only reason to think this is if you believe he was handling the same sorts of problems in the early books and he just wasn't.It's Jon Show who is the poor character because it really isn't believable than he can improve himself to anything like the extent he needs to, to be LC in 16-18 episodes. He lacks maturity, which is essential in young leaders and he fails at even basic good sense. He has no idea who he is and is much less comfortable in his own skin than Jon Snow (who does have identity issues). He is just an average kind of chap, not really stupid in the grand scheme of things but he isn't anything like he needs to be if he is going to be a very young military and political leader in less than a year's time. The time with the wildlings is even another unknown environment for him, where he doesn't learn the lessons he seems to need and unlike Jon Snow he drowned on his first ranging.If HBO follows the basic story of Jon in the books it will be wildly implausible in character terms, unlike Martin's story which shows great insight into the problems of leadership and and the difficulties especially young rulers faced. I think if you want precocious sixteen year old generals and queens you ought to make them impressive at an early age because ruling is far more complicated and difficult than anything else.Jon's LC election is easily the most challenging leadership position other than maybe Dany faced by any character in ASOIAF.
1865	Mulled Wino	2012-05-28	I respect your opinion (and its good your happy with the HBO story) but I could not disagree more with this.Jon definitely did not start behaving like a dumb kid at the end of a DwD. He had never had to face a situation in the first three books that tried him even remotely as much as the role of Lord Commander did in a DwD. I think a lot of people were unhappy with how Grrm wrote Jon and Dany in Dance because they have no conception of how much more difficult leadership is, especially at such a young age, than most other roles. Jon and Dany had to shine in the early books to make credible their rapid ascent to power in their respective areas as well as the competent and capable way they wielded it (for the most part). I don't know of anyone in our history who as been elected a military leader at sixteen (saving when election only confirms a hereditary succession) and Dany the fifteen year old conqueror of Astapor has no parallel. Jon is respected as LC despite his youth and inexperience, has much more vision than all his other commanders and wins the respect of Stannis. His mistakes at the end of DwD were not a boy's mistakes but could easily have been made by grown men. The same sort of thing goes for Dany but I'm not going to get into that. For Jon in particular nothing he does in the early books, including Storm, is remotely as challenging as pulling off the role of Lord Commander given the situation in Dance. As LC he is required to have well thought out long term plans for the defence of the wall, ways of dealing with Stannis, the Boltons, the Wildlings and methods of keeping his own men in check and maintaining good relations with them. He also has to organize supplies. He has to defend all his decisions to those around him who are critical of them and try and persuade them to come around to his point of view. The political situation in the north becomes very tangled and complicated and the situation created by Ramsay's direct threat to the watch leaves him faced with a problem to which there really is no easy answer.In Clash he just has to follow Qhorin's orders which he does competently (unlike Jon Show). Storm is more difficult but posing as a turncloak, escaping, carrying a message to Castle Black and then aiding Donal Noye to conduct the defence doesn't even equate to the complexity of the problems he faced as LC. A lot of the stuff in Storm requires single mindedness, determination, survival skills and so on. In Dance he had quite different problems thrown at him all the time which he was substantially less well trained to cope with. They required much more thought, tact and consistent dedication that his previous tasks. I don't think it is surprising or unbelievable that he failed (although we don't quite know what happened as yet). But I certainly don't think he degenerated at all during Dance, quite the opposite really. The only reason to think this is if you believe he was handling the same sorts of problems in the early books and he just wasn't.It's Jon Show who is the poor character because it really isn't believable than he can improve himself to anything like the extent he needs to, to be LC in 16-18 episodes. He lacks maturity, which is essential in young leaders and he fails at even basic good sense. He has no idea who he is and is much less comfortable in his own skin than Jon Snow (who does have identity issues). He is just an average kind of chap, not really stupid in the grand scheme of things but he isn't anything like he needs to be if he is going to be a very young military and political leader in less than a year's time. The time with the wildlings is even another unknown environment for him, where he doesn't learn the lessons he seems to need and unlike Jon Snow he drowned on his first ranging.If HBO follows the basic story of Jon in the books it will be wildly implausible in character terms, unlike Martin's story which shows great insight into the problems of leadership and and the difficulties especially young rulers faced. I think if you want precocious sixteen year old generals and queens you ought to make them impressive at an early age because ruling is far more complicated and difficult than anything else.Jon's LC election is easily the most challenging leadership position other than maybe Dany faced by any character in ASOIAF.
1866	Nine of Spades	2012-05-28	Yeah, I dont get the whole "Jon is making dumb mistakes as LC". He's pretty much on rotten ice from the start. He has a faction within the  watch almost at open revolt. He has to try to please Stannis, while at the same time try to appear neutral. Hes got a bunch of wildlings north of the wall that he desperately wants to get behind the wall, but he has to have some kind of control over them. Hes got no money, no supplies, and he needs to not only feed his men but find a way to feed the wildling. Hes also trying to check Mel and her lord of light forced conversions and general people burning. In the end he pushes to hard and too fast for some members of the Watch, and doesnt see their rebellion/assassination attempt coming.He also throws in fully with Stannis, but I dont think thats a bad call, at this point I think there is no way Ramsay lets him get away with what he wants to do with the wildlings.
If he can survive the assassination attempt (ill assume he does) and he or stannis can defeat the Bolton's, he wil have pulled off a pretty remarkable turnaround. He will have gotten a large number of additional wildlings south with the means to control them, secured a large amount of funding both as forfeit from the wildlings and the bank of braavos, and he will have a relatively stable political situation in the North.
1867	Hodor Hodor!	2012-05-28	Completely agree with the sentiments expressed in this thread.  Jon's story, or lack of, has been the most disappointing aspect of this this season (so far) - IMO.  I have no problem with plot changes, but when the writers alter the very nature of the character, it irks me.  Jon is certainly a little ungainly at times, but he isn't a complete moron.  I thought the book played out perfectly with Jon/Ygrette and would have adapted to the screen beautifully.  Sure we are ending up in the same place, but it's at Jon's expense.  As others have noted, who would vote this bumbling fool to be Lord Commander.  Also, where are the Direwolves??  Such an important part of the series, particularly in later seasons, but I haven't sighted one for what seems an eternity.  Maybe they were all in use for the filming of "The Grey" and will be back later on.
1868	Mulled Wino	2012-06-12	I see it didn't get any better in the last couple of episodes.
1869	Jon Mark Selmy	2012-06-26	The first season is pretty succesful, so they get it in their heads that it's because of them, and then they think they can make any change they want. When in reality, the first season did so well because they actually stuck to the source material(for the most part).EXACTLY. I've been trying to say that many times in many threads.
1870	AdXRoss	2013-03-17	I'm coming in well late here, having only just watched season 2 (having to wait for it's UK DVD release and such, grrr!); but I'm glad I'm not the only one who's noticed what a mess they've made of Jon's character. It was like this in season 1, where he doesn't get to save Sam and prove his leadership competencies at Castle Black (instead getting berated by Thorne, whom in the books is never indicated to have been a ranger or a particularly incisive character); and now in season 2, not only is he robbed of many of his victories and triumphs - he's being turned into a professional cock-up merchant. 
Re-reading ACoK this week, in the wake of finishing the season 2 DVD, I can't help but notice how big the contrast is between book and show Jon. Book Jon is a bit petulant to start with, but his character builds, piece by piece, until it absolutely makes sense that his later rise occur. His [book] actions in the Skirling Pass are those of an honourable and strong man, a young and inexperienced, yet quite talented ranger, someone who has the potential to be a leading light in the Night's Watch, whereas the show version just bumbles from one cock-up to the next.
The same sort of thing is being done to Dany, who instead of being a shrewd and diplomatic, if sometimes naive and often quite Targaryen young ruler, is being turned into a shrill harpy who makes you wonder why one of her bloodriders hasn't strangled her in the night.
1871	The Boar of Gore	2013-05-08	Well at least Kit Harrington is doing a convincing job of being a good fighter. He's embraced the physicality of his role.
1872	scurvy	2012-05-22	My favorite chapter in CoK and perhaps the whole series is the Catelyn chapter in which she learns of the boys "death" and discusses it with Brienne.  It is heartwrenching.  It provides complete and unrefutable reasoning for releasing the Kingslayer.  She then parlays with him and makes him swear an oath to return the girls.
Yet, in the show the boys are only captives.  Robb even says there's no risk to them.  Having only three children instead of 5, with two captives, and no male heir to her son the King is a lot different than having all five children with 4 captive.  They've gutted her motivation.  And, the parlay with Jaime while good, did not have him swear an oath. I'm sure it will be aluded to later, but they really made her a weak woman.  Terrible.  Terrible.  A grieving mother is someone everyone can empathize with.  A worried mother, not as much.
They could have at least had her stitting with a parchment telling Robb that the boys were dead and that's why she released them.  But, Theon poisoned the Ravens and nobody even knows of his mummer's farce.  And, Robb's motivation for having sex with "Jeyne" is weakened b/c he's neither injured nor grieving. 
Very disappointed with this reinvention.
1873	Harrad	2012-05-24	I refute it.
1874	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-24	I agree with the weakness of her motivations. My brother, a non-reader, was asking why on earth she let the Kingslayer go. I tried to argue that she was worried for her daughters but he still thought that her motivation was lacking.
1875	The Monkey	2012-05-24	She was sure that Jaime would've been killed during the night by the Karstarks. If he died, he daughter(s) would almost certainly have died too. And since she had no chance of protecting him with "just" Brienne, she had no choice but to release him. It's certainly a good motivation, possibly even more so than in the book.
However, why she didn't use this argument when Robb confronted her is beyond me.
1876	turdle	2012-05-24	this whole season has been HBO just trying to touch on all (or a bunch) of the bullet points of acok without worrying about whether or not the shit they put inbetween actually makes them make sense, or making sure that the intended implications of a scene from acok are what they are supposed to be.
i have non-reader friends who are sure that the shadow is going to show up during the finale. the reason is because, yes, HBO showed both the assassination of renly and the birth of a shadow. but the order that these appear IS important.  in the book, renly's death is the set up, and the birth is the pay off. the implication is that melisandre and/or the lord of light, are to be taken seriously.  on the tv show, they made the birth the set up, and renly's death the pay off. and because this is the only shadow that exists, it really makes the shadow itself the important thing.  yet we're not going to see it or any other shadow now, and that shadow is going to seem REALLY bizarre and totally deus ex machina when non-readers think back to it.
cat's situation is no different. yep, they managed to cross that bullet point off the list. is it as strong a moment as in the book? no, definitely not.
1877	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-05-24	It's fucking awful the way HBO butchers Cat (Joff style). Robb's story is also fucked over by this. What I really don't get is why did Theon burn the kids in the first place? If the Iron Born knows what's up and Westeros is ignorant on everything then why kill 2 random kids? To piss of the people of Winterfell, and only the people of Winterfell?
1878	Buckwheat	2012-05-24	scurvy, I am out of Likes, but I like that you started this thread!
I agree that Cat's characterisation is off. They made her look much weaker character, I think. She does not participate on Robb's war councils and she keeps saying she should be at home with the little children, not helping Robb being a commander - which, lets face it, she is not really doing. I also do not like her arguments with Robb. In the books, I do not remember them ever shouting at each other (if I am wrong, please correct me). Here, she is made much less likable because Robb is made into this "badass" commander, young hero, the one who speaks back to Jaime Lannister (while he is chained up) and who has a large wolf (which never appears when he is needed to tell Volantene intruders keep distance) - and you are a negative character as soon as you dare to argue with the favourite hero character (if you are not a young hot Volantene, that is). I think that Robb's role has been made more important at the expense of Catelyn's to the point she is now a minor character only there to miss her children and look concerned.
My biggest fear is now that they will make Catelyn talk Robb into the marriage with the Volantene for some idiotic reason, after all these changes this could not surprise me anymore. Please tell me I am wrong.
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 24 May 2012 - 05:35 PM.
1879	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-24	A grieving mother is someone everyone can empathize with. A worried mother, not as much.I agree with everything you said, especially this!
1880	David Selig	2012-05-24	Honestly I was more annoyed that for some unfathomable reason Cat didn't explain to Robb that while he was out on a romantic stroll, she had to do something to save Jaime from a certain death (which would've meant the almost certain death of Robb's sisters), while his trusted bannermen sat around and did nothing to help her. This really made no sense and made her look weak.
 It's still a shame that we didn't get the scene where Cat is grieving after receiving the news and Brienne is the only one she shares her pain with, it's such moving and powerful moment which works even when you know Bran and Rickon are not dead.
1881	Wolfmage	2012-05-24	She was sure that Jaime would've been killed during the night by the Karstarks. If he died, he daughter(s) would almost certainly have died too. And since she had no chance of protecting him with "just" Brienne, she had no choice but to release him. It's certainly a good motivation, possibly even more so than in the book.However, why she didn't use this argument when Robb confronted her is beyond me.Yeah, I agree. I think I prefer the idea that Cat saves Jaime from certain death to ensure she at least has some leverage left, to the idea that she makes another rather impulsive and emotional decision as per the books, whatever the understandable context of receiving such terrible news from Winterfell.Perhaps if she hadn't already followed pique with Tyrion's arrest, I would be more open to it; but I actually thought this shored up her character.
					
					
							Edited by Wolfmage, 24 May 2012 - 07:29 PM.
1882	House Snow	2012-05-24	Honestly I was more annoyed that for some unfathomable reason Cat didn't explain to Robb that while he was out on a romantic stroll, she had to do something to save Jaime from a certain death (which would've meant the almost certain death of Robb's sisters), while his trusted bannermen sat around and did nothing to help her. This really made no sense and made her look weak.It's still a shame that we didn't get the scene where Cat is grieving after receiving the news and Brienne is the only one she shares her pain with, it's such moving and powerful moment which works even when you know Bran and Rickon are not dead.Someone else surmised that she didn't want to throw Karstrark or Robbs men under the bus  so she ended up taking the blame.  I prefered the way the show did it so thats how I'm taking it.
1883	Howdyphillip	2012-05-24	Here is another example of the negative treatment of the show that people seem hell bent on doing. I don't mind discussing that there are very real differences in Catelyn's motivations from the show and in the books. I don't even mind saying that I preferred the books version, but to come out and say that they have "gutted" a character, or that the writing is "terrible" is nothing more than childish over reaction.
 This is a deliberate change from the books. Do you think that the producer's can't read and are just doing things to piss off book fans? I have no doubt that there will be a legitimate narrative reason for the change. Off the top of my head, I would venture to guess that it will be so that the Reeds can be introduced. Due to budget and time constraints, these characters couldn't be introduced this season, so they are showing up to the story late. If it is general news in Westeros that Bran and Rikon are dead, then why on earth would Howland send his children to him? Do I like this version as much as the books? Well, no, but that is a far cry from saying this show has been ruined and it is terrible, or that the producers don't know what they are doing. This show is not "ruined" Catelyn has not been "gutted", and the use of the word "terrible" in relationship to this show is miles off base.
1884	Jolene Brown	2012-05-24	That's, like, just your opinion man.  If someone feels Catelyn's motivation has been gutted, then that's what they feel.  This is a major change, like it or not, and it's certainly at least arguable that it greatly impacts her characterization.  There IS a big difference between releasing Jaime because she had just found out Bran and Rickon had been murdered and releasing him in the situation on the show.  The people who make this show make plenty of money; they can handle some criticism from some people on a message board that I am sure they are wise enough not to read.
1885	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-24	what action can she take when she finds out they're dead? I imagine nothing, but sit there and grieve. Maybe she leaves for Riverrun? Or even worse, Robb sends her there! Really anti-climatic either way. Still hope they include her pressuring Robb to sue for peace and return home. That's my favorite scene of hers.
1886	Howdyphillip	2012-05-24	That's, like, just your opinion man. If someone feels Catelyn's motivation has been gutted, then that's what they feel. This is a major change, like it or not, and it's certainly at least arguable that it greatly impacts her characterization. There IS a big difference between releasing Jaime because she had just found out Bran and Rickon had been murdered and releasing him in the situation on the show. The people who make this show make plenty of money; they can handle some criticism from some people on a message board that I am sure they are wise enough not to read.Of course that is my opinion, just as it is the opinion of someone else that the writing is "terrible" and a character has been "gutted".My opinion is that this is reactionary and childish, and doesn't come close to describing the television show that I am watching. I dislike this change as well for some of the very same reasons that people have pointed out, but it most assuredly isn't bad writing, nor does it dramatically effect the overall theme and tone of the series. By necessity, things will change in any adaptation some for the worse, and some for the better. That doesn't mean that the show is ruined. I guess that my main objection is that this is just another thread dedicated to pointing out anything negative related to the show. Here is another opinion... This is a great fucking show. It is my favorite fantasy series of all time, and one of my all time favorite television shows period.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 24 May 2012 - 10:21 PM.
1887	turdle	2012-05-24	i think the reason is pretty obvious, they wanted to get the kingslayer out and about. the producers basically said as much before the season premiered.
if this were an isolated incident, i would be more apt to agree with you, Howdyphillip. but as many cat fans have been pointing out since the beginning of this season, cat is often doing the exact opposite of what she does in the books.  for example, cat wanting to go home at the start of the season.
imo, this season has been mediocre at best. the one redeeming aspect of it has been theons story. they failed to build up to the riot, they failed to build up any tension north of the wall, and they've failed to build up any tension leading into blackwater. just a bunch of bullet points. point a to point b, with unnecessary, long, invented-for-the-tv-show scenes inbetween.
1888	Patchface12	2012-05-24	She was worried they would kill Jaime, and if Jaime dies, Sansa and Arya die. So she still did it for the girls.
1889	Howdyphillip	2012-05-25	i think the reason is pretty obvious, they wanted to get the kingslayer out and about. the producers basically said as much before the season premiered.if this were an isolated incident, i would be more apt to agree with you, Howdyphillip. but as many cat fans have been pointing out since the beginning of this season, cat is often doing the exact opposite of what she does in the books.  for example, cat wanting to go home at the start of the season.imo, this season has been mediocre at best. the one redeeming aspect of it has been theons story. they failed to build up to the riot, they failed to build up any tension north of the wall, and they've failed to build up any tension leading into blackwater. just a bunch of bullet points. point a to point b, with unnecessary, long, invented-for-the-tv-show scenes inbetween.On your first point, I agree that the Character of Catelyn has been changed considerably. That started in the first episode of season 1 where she was the one asking Ned to stay, and Ned was saying he had to do his duty. It was the exact opposite of the books. So the changing of her motivations has happened since day one. I also would like to point out that I like the book version of Catelyn better for what that is worth.To your second point, I can not disagree more. This is not mediocre television. This is epic fantasy storytelling on a scale that has never been seen before in this medium. Every week, I have friends bang down my door on Sunday to watch the next episode. That doesn't happen for mediocrity. No one is over at my house on Thursday to watch CSI Whateverthefuck...This show is incredibly well produced in all of its aspects. The actors deliver Emmy and Golden Globe winning performances, the set design and costuming wins awards, the score is worthy of a major motion picture, and yes, the writing is so far above par that it competes with the best scripted television that I have ever seen. What I am saying, is that we, as fans of the works of GRRM have it good. We have it unprecedentedly good.So while I can agree that there are some places in the books that I enjoy the story better than the TV show, the overreaction to changes and the constant childish potshots at the show in general are out of line. It is possible for me to discuss things that I didn't like about the show without framing it in a context that the whole show is "mediocre", or "terrible". If your reactions to the changes are such that you can't enjoy this television show, I truly feel sorry for you because you are missing a hell of a ride.On a footnote, as this was a setup episode, and it lacked action on purpose in order to better set up next weeks events, I fully expected to hear the naysayers come out in droves this week. I think that after next weeks payoff. we will hear a decidedly different tone.
1890	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	Of course that is my opinion, just as it is the opinion of someone else that the writing is "terrible" and a character has been "gutted".My opinion is that this is reactionary and childish, and doesn't come close to describing the television show that I am watching. I dislike this change as well for some of the very same reasons that people have pointed out, but it most assuredly isn't bad writing, nor does it dramatically effect the overall theme and tone of the series. By necessity, things will change in any adaptation some for the worse, and some for the better. That doesn't mean that the show is ruined. I guess that my main objection is that this is just another thread dedicated to pointing out anything negative related to the show. Here is another opinion...This is a great fucking show. It is my favorite fantasy series of all time, and one of my all time favorite television shows period.Honestly that line is a bit patronizing. "I respect your opinion but you're being stupid" is basically what you're saying here. I think D&D's writing for Cat is horrible, like they've missed the entire point of the character. I don't think they're doing it on purpose to "piss off book fans", they just have massively different interpretations on the character. Like when they say that Jaime is a psychotic monster and that Jon lacked a father figure. From the portrayal of Cat on the show my guess is that they see her as the "Good Mother" but not much more. And in my opinion that's missing the mark. For one thing Catelyn should be the main character here, instead of playing second fiddle to Robb most of the time and following his orders like a trained puppy. The idea to go talk to Renly was hers, as was the decision to actually talk to him. Instead she's being ordered around by her teenage son.Cat spends most of her times fighting that in the books : the prejudice that all the men around her have against her because she's a middle-aged mother who never picks up a sword. Pretty much every major lord in Robb's command tells her at one point or the other "oh you're the gentle sex you don't know anything about war" as a way to shut her up or try to make excuses for her with "it was mother's madness". And because of that prejudice they ignore her sensible advice : send anyone but Theon to the Iron Islands, exchange Jaime for Sansa, ally yourself with Renly, make peace with the Lannisters, don't go fight Lord Tywin at the fords etc. In the show that dimension is entirely gone because Cat never says much of anything. When Robb is named King in the North she tays silent, Robb is the one who suggests going to Renly, she never mentions Theon as an envoy etc. The one thing she can't shut up about is going back to Winterfell with her babies, which she never says aloud IIRC, much less to Robb. I think Game of Thrones is a great show on the whole, the actors in particular are fantastic, but there a few characters that I think D&D just don't get at all, mainly Catelyn and Sansa. Sansa isn't even a major character anymore it seems, when she's got something like 3rd most POV of all characters in Clash. Instead they have time to include 3-minutes long scenes of Ros being threatened by ultimate pimp Littlefinger or of Joffrey torturing prostitutes because he's evil. I'd consider that pretty mediocre writing.
1891	Morrigan	2012-05-25	This show is incredibly well produced in all of its aspects. The actors deliver Emmy and Golden Globe winning performances, the set design and costuming wins awards, the score is worthy of a major motion picture, and yes, the writing is so far above par that it competes with the best scripted television that I have ever seen. What I am saying, is that we, as fans of the works of GRRM have it good. We have it unprecedentedly good.This is true, to a certain extent. However, the reason this is true is because the source material is so good, not because D&D are good writers. They aren't. I'm sorry, they just aren't, and their interpretation of the characters is very, very often completely out of whack.
1892	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-25	This is not mediocre television. This is epic fantasy storytelling on a scale that has never been seen before in this medium. .... the writing is so far above par that it competes with the best scripted television that I have ever seen.I respectfully disagree and apologize in advance for not exactly tackling the topic of Catelyn's motivation being gutted in comparison to the book (which I agree it has been, somewhat).  So far we have seen very little by way of "scale."  If you really look at it, how are the battle scenes (for example) any bigger than certain other miniseries or series that have been produced for television (including network television).  We're getting a lot of tight shots, off-screen action, greatly reduced numbers of combatants, synthetic environments (i.e., CGI that is, admittedly, better than network fare), way more dialogue about battle and killing one's foes than actual battle and hand-to-hand combat.  And for all of the great banter and point-counterpoint between and among Varys, Littlefinger, and Tyrion there's still a little too much treacly writing and cliche conceptualization as far as the whoring is concerned and the romance, and certain people's backstories, like what Talisa revealed last week.  blecch.  They've got a better budget for travel and set construction/dressing than something like 'Camelot' on Starz, but the show is not free of demerits in my book.  The Tudors had great writing and luxurious mise en scene and lots of randy sex and bloody homicide, but I would critique a lot about that one as well.I think I support the production as much as anyone else (in principle, anyway), but that doesn't mean it's immune from critique.  *Mayhaps* I feel they've put their money into some aspects that I wouldn't have prioritized over other aspects.
1893	Grell	2012-05-25	Here is another opinion... This is a great fucking show. It is my favorite fantasy series of all time, and one of my all time favorite television shows period.Is that why you are taking any criticism of the show, no matter if its well thought out, logical and reasonable as if its a criticism against you personally? How dare people not like the things I like?I have see that whole "its a transition/setup, its meant to be boring and bad" elsewhere... Here is my opinion - it doesnt fly
					
					
							Edited by Grell, 25 May 2012 - 03:04 AM.
1894	Buckwheat	2012-05-25	Well, I think we all post here and bother watching the show because we still love the original story and the series both and find them interesting.I agree that the show is big. They have all those costumes, many loctions shot everywhere in the world. The setting looks very real. The actors are awesome, I rarely see any complaint about anyone's delivery and I think the Catelyn's actress is definitely one of the best. But her motivations are greatly changed from the books and her role is hugely diminished.(Random: does anyone know if she has read the books?)Cat spends most of her times fighting that in the books : the prejudice that all the men around her have against her because she's a middle-aged mother who never picks up a sword. Pretty much every major lord in Robb's command tells her at one point or the other "oh you're the gentle sex you don't know anything about war" as a way to shut her up or try to make excuses for her with "it was mother's madness". And because of that prejudice they ignore her sensible advice : send anyone but Theon to the Iron Islands, exchange Jaime for Sansa, ally yourself with Renly, make peace with the Lannisters, don't go fight Lord Tywin at the fords etc. In the show that dimension is entirely gone because Cat never says much of anything. When Robb is named King in the North she tays silent, Robb is the one who suggests going to Renly, she never mentions Theon as an envoy etc. The one thing she can't shut up about is going back to Winterfell with her babies, which she never says aloud IIRC, much less to Robb.I agree with everything you said, particularly this. It is like the writers share the Lords' opinion that a character who cannot swordfight alone cannot be a strong character, but only a mother to support the one important character. I have absolutely nothing against the fact that Robb appears much more than in the books, it makes perfect sense that they would want to show a relatively unproblematic young hero falling in love, fighting and having a connection to his mother. But not at the expense of Catelyn.
1895	Cot	2012-05-25	This is true, to a certain extent. However, the reason this is true is because the source material is so good, not because D&D are good writers.Nail on head, one of the truest things I've read on these forums, even though I try stay away from these series discussion as I find some peoples positions so entrenched I've got to laugh.The show continues to be good despite D&D writing, thanks to the quality (and quantity) of the actual material.
1896	Howdyphillip	2012-05-25	. I think I support the production as much as anyone else (in principle, anyway), but that doesn't mean it's immune from critique. *Mayhaps* I feel they've put their money into some aspects that I wouldn't have prioritized over other aspects.I don't believe that the show is above critique either. As a matter of point, I do so all the time. I hold opinions that there are places in the story that the book tells a much richer and compelling tale. I have made it known that I feel strongly about that in relationship to the character of Catelyn Stark, and the changes in the nuances and motivations of her character.All of this can be said without disparaging the show. It seems that the majority of topics in this weeks episode discussion are negative by their very nature. Take for example, this thread title. I would take no issue whatsoever with a thread title that suggested Catelyn Stark's character has been changed and then opened it up to discussion. The OP used the term "gutted", and in the original post used words like "terrible" to describe it. This is just not a fair way to frame a show that is the highest rated cable production on television. To further emphasize my point, I would be willing to bet that Michelle Fairley wins her share of awards and acclaim for her portrayal of this character.The writing here is changed, but it most certainly isn't "terrible", nor has any character appearing on the show "gutted". I would like to have honest dialogue about these changes rather than read a bunch of reactionary outrage. Take for an example, I wouldn't mind reading your opinions of where you think that the budget for this show would be better spent. I just don't want to read another long tirade against changes in the show and how stupid D&D must be.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 25 May 2012 - 05:14 AM.
1897	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	I dont think there's a problem with her motivation.  If karstark gets his vengence, she loses her 2 daughters.
In no way was letting Jamie go excusable in te books or in the show.  No way.  She didnt capture him, she cant let him go.
I think Cat is shown as authoritive and capable.  There's definitely some variations but she's clearly a respected character.  Her inner struggles are fascinating in the book, but those are difficult to present on a show.
She's really just as impusive and mistake-prone as in the books so far.
1898	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	I don't believe that the show is above critique either. As a matter of point, I do so all the time. I hold opinions that there are places in the story that the book tells a much richer and compelling tale. I have made it known that I feel strongly about that in relationship to the character of Catelyn Stark, and the changes in the nuances and motivations of her character. All of this can be said without disparaging the show. It seems that the majority of topics in this weeks episode discussion are negative by their very nature. Take for example, this thread title. I would take no issue whatsoever with a thread title that suggested Catelyn Stark's character has been changed and then opened it up to discussion. The OP used the term "gutted", and in the original post used words like "terrible" to describe it. This is just not a fair way to frame a show that is the highest rated cable production on television. To further emphasize my point, I would be willing to bet that Michelle Fairley wins her share of awards and acclaim for her portrayal of this character. The writing here is changed, but it most certainly isn't "terrible", nor has any character appearing on the show "gutted". I would like to have honest dialogue about these changes rather than read a bunch of reactionary outrage. Take for an example, I wouldn't mind reading your opinions of where you think that the budget for this show would be better spent. I just don't want to read another long tirade against changes in the show and how stupid D&D must be.You say people can discuss how they dislike elements and characterisations in the show but you want to limit the emotive words they use? We can dislike the changes to Cat and say I don't like the way they've changed Cat but we're not allowed to use words like gutted or terrible or express out feelings artistically through words. I like the way the OP has phrased the topic, it a good use of language that describes the feeling the author is getting and also trigger an opinion to get people looking and commenting on the thread. Do you want to list all the words we can't use about the show in future so we can all be sure.
1899	scurvy	2012-05-25	While it's nice that many impart the new motivation that if Karstark got revenge her daughters would die, she didn't state that as her motivation.  So it wasn't.  You are better writers than the screenrunners.  Sorry.  They took a terrific scene that a great actress could have made her own, deleted it, and replaced it with mild worry.  That is terrible because the show could have had so much more drama and instead went with cliche.
I'm not challenging the production values or whether overall it's better than 95% of what's on television. I'm saying the change that the writers made was for change sake and it was less, significantly worse that the source material.  And, that was a major mistake.
1900	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	The most annoying thing about the change of motivation is that they didn't even use it to justify Cat's actions. The whole "Karstark would have killed him if I hadn't intervened" doesn't get mentioned at all when Robb is busy harping on his mother. I thought that was the entire point of the change ?
1901	Howdyphillip	2012-05-25	You say people can discuss how they dislike elements and characterisations in the show but you want to limit the emotive words they use? We can dislike the changes to Cat and say I don't like the way they've changed Cat but we're not allowed to use words like gutted or terrible or express out feelings artistically through words. I like the way the OP has phrased the topic, it a good use of language that describes the feeling the author is getting and also trigger an opinion to get people looking and commenting on the thread.Do you want to list all the words we can't use about the show in future so we can all be sure.I'm not telling anyone what or how to say anything... All I am doing is saying that when people use what I believe to be childish and reactionary tones that I have every right to say that I think they are full of crap. I specifically take issue with the tone of discussion on characters from this show starting from a negative reaction from their very thread title.If I were to not have watched this show, and just read the thread titles and posts here, I would think that this was the sorriest show ever made. That is a shame to me because it is most decidedly not that. The saddest thing about all of this, is that there are very good points being brought up with the changes from the books and the show, but they are just being completely clouded with reactionary drivel that frame the show as bad TV... If you want to call this show bad TV, that is your prerogative, just don't be surprised when I stand up and say that I emphatically disagree, and then throw facts like awards, and budget, and viewership to emphasize my position.
1902	Greywolf2375	2012-05-25	The most annoying thing about the change of motivation is that they didn't even use it to justify Cat's actions. The whole "Karstark would have killed him if I hadn't intervened" doesn't get mentioned at all when Robb is busy harping on his mother. I thought that was the entire point of the change ?Exactly - if they have Robb go to his mother now and face her again about it, the explanation (though most likely 100% accurate) will feel forced and almost excuse like.  If they'd had her effectively stand up to him with the reason then I think that would have given them an amazing opportunity to have her drop "and the Kingslayer would be dead by midnight and your sisters by sun up" and watch his reaction.great set up, less than perfect execution (no pun intended) and completion.
1903	sumpthy	2012-05-25	The most annoying thing about the change of motivation is that they didn't even use it to justify Cat's actions. The whole "Karstark would have killed him if I hadn't intervened" doesn't get mentioned at all when Robb is busy harping on his mother. I thought that was the entire point of the change ?Because she doesn't want to cause a rift between Robb and one of his chief bannermen. She says in the episode before that Jaime won't last the night so it's very obvious that it's a motivation.
1904	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	Because she doesn't want to cause a rift between Robb and one of his chief bannermen. She says in the episode before that Jaime won't last the night so it's very obvious that it's a motivation.Then why not have her tell Robb that this was her motivation ? Now it looks like Robb sleeps with whatshername because he feels his mother betrayed him.
1905	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Because she doesn't want to cause a rift between Robb and one of his chief bannermen. She says in the episode before that Jaime won't last the night so it's very obvious that it's a motivation.Maybe im jumping in late, but letting jamie go should cause a gigantic rift no matter what.
1906	Ran	2012-05-25	Like David, I have much more of an issue that the very reason Catelyn lets Jaime go is never brought up.This is the situation as the writers wrote it:Jaime Lannister is not going to last the night. The Karstarks will murder him and the northmen won't stop them. Catelyn's choices are:Let Jaime be murdered. Learn that one or both of her daughters are killed in reprisal. Robb is forced to punish and execute Lord Karstark. Rift with the Karstarks, discord in the camp.OrFree Jaime. Send him with Brienne to at least try and make some lemonade out of the lemon life has handed the Starks. Robb is forced to punish her, but not so much that he has to kill her. Lesser rift with the Karstarks, less discord in the camp.I mean, looking at it from all angles, what Catelyn does is manifestly better than what Robb -- in his ignorance of how bad the situation was -- believes she should have done. She is in the right, much as she was in the right in the books, where Jaime Lannister had proved an utterly useless hostage whose only real value was in trade for the recovery of Robb's siblings.But... they just forget that, and have Robb yell at her, and leave her absolutely tongue-tied and unable to explain herself. So you have Karstark with his pretty speech about treason... nevermind the fact that Catelyn acted to prevent Karstark's probable murderous treason!It really is all quite baffling.Now, I suppose there's a third way: grab Jaime with some loyal guys, and make off in the direction Robb is coming from, and explain to him why she did what she did.  Maybe that would have been a nicer result, because it leaves Robb with the choice as to what to do with a living Jaime Lannister. Fair enough. The show has made her more reckless than she was in the novel, but at least, you know, they could acknowledge that the choice she made was due to a very real danger. As it is, it looks like Robb just wished she stayed out of it and let Jaime be murdered.I think I've said it before, but I'll say it again: however much I like Michelle Fairley (I think she's terrific), the writers have not done Catelyn Stark justice, not from episode one and on. My hopes that she'd become more like the character in the novel later in the first season never quite transpired, and I've grown increasingly frustrated with the way they've handled her this season. And so I'm at the point where to some degree I'm looking forward to the Red Wedding so that they can put Catelyn out of the picture and I don't have to keep wincing every time they make the character on the show less and less compelling.
1907	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	I'm not telling anyone what or how to say anything... All I am doing is saying that when people use what I believe to be childish and reactionary tones that I have every right to say that I think they are full of crap. I specifically take issue with the tone of discussion on characters from this show starting from a negative reaction from their very thread title. If I were to not have watched this show, and just read the thread titles and posts here, I would think that this was the sorriest show ever made. That is a shame to me because it is most decidedly not that. The saddest thing about all of this, is that there are very good points being brought up with the changes from the books and the show, but they are just being completely clouded with reactionary drivel that frame the show as bad TV... If you want to call this show bad TV, that is your prerogative, just don't be surprised when I stand up and say that I emphatically disagree, and then throw facts like awards, and budget, and viewership to emphasize my position.Well you're telling the OP specifically not to use words like "gutted" and "terrible". This is a thread for discussing the negative aspects of the changes. The OP clearly states that, you've noted yourself its clear from the title. If you want to join in and point out which changes you like and why you are welcome. Equally if you don't like the tone on this thread you can start a new topic stating you don't like the negativity and pointing out what you think is changed better or why you think the show should be considered in its own right. What I think you shouldn't do is gatecrash other peoples threads (and you've done it to a few on this board) and have a go at posters and derailing discussion. - I don't know why the mods don't act on this.
1908	David Selig	2012-05-25	Someone else surmised that she didn't want to throw Karstrark or Robbs men under the bus  so she ended up taking the blame.  I prefered the way the show did it so thats how I'm taking it. But this doesn't make sense. The whole camp knew Karstark wanted to kill Jaime, it's not like there's any chance Robb doesn't hear about it. Well, unless Robb is the most incompetent commander ever and has noone but his mother reporting to him what happens while he's away.
1909	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Like David, I have much more of an issue that the very reason Catelyn lets Jaime go is never brought up. This is the situation as the writers wrote it: Jaime Lannister is not going to last the night. The Karstarks will murder him and the northmen won't stop them. Catelyn's choices are: Let Jaime be murdered. Learn that one or both of her daughters are killed in reprisal. Robb is forced to punish and execute Lord Karstark. Rift with the Karstarks, discord in the camp. Or Free Jaime. Send him with Brienne to at least try and make some lemonade out of the lemon life has handed the Starks. Robb is forced to punish her, but not so much that he has to kill her. Lesser rift with the Karstarks, less discord in the camp. I mean, looking at it from all angles, what Catelyn does is manifestly better than what Robb -- in his ignorance of how bad the situation was -- believes she should have done. She is in the right, much as she was in the right in the books, where Jaime Lannister had proved an utterly useless hostage whose only real value was in trade for the recovery of Robb's siblings. But... they just forget that, and have Robb yell at her, and leave her absolutely tongue-tied and unable to explain herself. So you have Karstark with his pretty speech about treason... nevermind the fact that Catelyn acted to prevent Karstark's probable murderous treason! It really is all quite baffling. Now, I suppose there's a third way: grab Jaime with some loyal guys, and make off in the direction Robb is coming from, and explain to him why she did what she did. Maybe that would have been a nicer result, because it leaves Robb with the choice as to what to do with a living Jaime Lannister. Fair enough. The show has made her more reckless than she was in the novel, but at least, you know, they could acknowledge that the choice she made was due to a very real danger. As it is, it looks like Robb just wished she stayed out of it and let Jaime be murdered. I think I've said it before, but I'll say it again: however much I like Michelle Fairley (I think she's terrific), the writers have not done Catelyn Stark justice, not from episode one and on. My hopes that she'd become more like the character in the novel later in the first season never quite transpired, and I've grown increasingly frustrated with the way they've handled her this season. And so I'm at the point where to some degree I'm looking forward to the Red Wedding so that they can put Catelyn out of the picture and I don't have to keep wincing every time they make the character on the show less and less compelling.Seems to me that another option was to have the same loyal guys actually guard Jamie through the night as a 4th option.  Then she could have let the guy who should make the decision decide.  That's what she should have done.  All other choices are wrong.
1910	Howdyphillip	2012-05-25	This is a thread for discussing the negative aspects of the changes..And... This right here is exactly have an issue with. Why is it that we have thread after thread of negative responses? Why can't we have a neutral thread discussing the changes? I do not object to a discussion of Catelyn's change, I agree with the premise that what was done in the show is not as compelling a tale as the story told in the books. There are plenty of well thought out posts here that summarize frustrations without disparaging the show.I said this earlier, but to read just the opening thread titles here in this weeks forum, you would get the overall impression that this show is "terrible" and has been "ruined", "whitewashed", "emasculated", and "gutted". Although there are definitely people who feel that way, I think that this is not the case with the vast majority of people who watch this show, or even post in these forums.
1911	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	But this doesn't make sense. The whole camp knew Karstark wanted to kill Jaime, it's not like there's any chance Robb doesn't hear about it. Well, unless Robb is the most incompetent commander ever and has noone but his mother reporting to him what happens while he's away.Ha ha true. Tbh I'm beginning to think everyone in the North camp hates Robb now. They all joined for Ned, to free him, now he's dead, their still at war in a foreign land, have some hormonal teenage who spends most of the time with his new skirt. Roose looks like he has permanent contempt for the lad, Karstark respects him so little he decides to kill his prisoner and screams at his mother in his presence. And where's the great Jon, he's snuck out the back and is desperately trying to convince his men he never supported him. Even Grey Wind's had enough. It'll just be Robb & Cat that die at RW, the rest of his men will have a jolly good knees up.
1912	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	And... This right here is exactly have an issue with. Why is it that we have thread after thread of negative responses? Why can't we have a neutral thread discussing the changes? I do not object to a discussion of Catelyn's change, I agree with the premise that what was done in the show is not as compelling a tale as the story told in the books. There are plenty of well thought out posts here that summarize frustrations without disparaging the show. I said this earlier, but to read just the opening thread titles here in this weeks forum, you would get the overall impression that this show is "terrible" and has been "ruined", "whitewashed", "emasculated", and "gutted". Although there are definitely people who feel that way, I think that this is not the case with the vast majority of people who watch this show, or even post in these forums.Then create a positive thread of your own ? From what I've seen on the boards most people here find the Theon storyline to be have been done well, and as a result there's not much point to create a thread about it because most people have the same point of view and there can only be so many "I agree this is the best thing ever !!" before people start moving on to another subject. The point of a discussion board is to generate discussion after all. And most people gave the episode a 8 on the "How would you rate episode 208" thread, so the reaction isn't as bad as you make it out to be.
1913	Ran	2012-05-25	Seems to me that another option was to have the same loyal guys actually guard Jamie through the night as a 4th option.The suggestion seems to be that when faced with a bunch of armed men wanting to kill Jaime Lannister, none of them would actually be willing to die in his stead.By using some loyal guys to escort her and Jaime to Robb, she would at least not be asking them to die in his stead, they'd just be, you know, escorting her.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 25 May 2012 - 09:14 AM.
1914	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	The suggestion seems to be that when faced with a bunch of armed men wanting to kill Jaime Lannister, none of them would actually be willing to die in his stead.By using some loyal guys to escort her and Jaime to Robb, she would at least not be asking them to die in his stead, they'd just be, you know, escorting her.I just find it hard to believe that Karstark's men would be able to impose their will on all the other Northmen there.
1915	Kittykatknits	2012-05-25	I just find it hard to believe that Karstark's men would be able to impose their will on all the other Northmen there.I don't think it's all that hard to believe. Goes back to what Ran said, why would any Northmen wan't to risk themselves and potentially die for the kingslayer?
1916	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	And... This right here is exactly have an issue with. Why is it that we have thread after thread of negative responses? Why can't we have a neutral thread discussing the changes? I do not object to a discussion of Catelyn's change, I agree with the premise that what was done in the show is not as compelling a tale as the story told in the books. There are plenty of well thought out posts here that summarize frustrations without disparaging the show. I said this earlier, but to read just the opening thread titles here in this weeks forum, you would get the overall impression that this show is "terrible" and has been "ruined", "whitewashed", "emasculated", and "gutted". Although there are definitely people who feel that way, I think that this is not the case with the vast majority of people who watch this show, or even post in these forums.So defend the show then, put why you like the changes and add to the discussion. Stop having a go at bored members for posting their opinions on the show. They are welcome to, they are here for that and they are welcome to use whatever language they like to describe the changes. A lot of the other "negative" threads have people defending the show and they bring up interesting points. You however have added nothing to the discussion and have just complained about negativity and what people have said.
1917	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	I don't think it's all that hard to believe. Goes back to what Ran said, why would any Northmen wan't to risk themselves and potentially die for the kingslayer?because strategically it makes little sense to kill him at that point.  Any way you look at it, Jamie Lannister as a hostage is worth a lot more alive.  The north has some capable generals that could figure that out without robb around, especially since Robb already stated publicly that he wanted Jamie alive.  Karstark's forces are a minority, not a majority.
1918	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	because strategically it makes little sense to kill him at that point.  Any way you look at it, Jamie Lannister as a hostage is worth a lot more alive.  The north has some capable generals that could figure that out without robb around, especially since Robb already stated publicly that he wanted Jamie alive.  Karstark's forces are a minority, not a majority.Sure, they can also realize that killing Jaime is not a good idea. They still won't risk their lives to save him.
1919	Kittykatknits	2012-05-25	Honestly that line is a bit patronizing. "I respect your opinion but you're being stupid" is basically what you're saying here. I think D&D's writing for Cat is horrible, like they've missed the entire point of the character. I don't think they're doing it on purpose to "piss off book fans", they just have massively different interpretations on the character. Like when they say that Jaime is a psychotic monster and that Jon lacked a father figure. From the portrayal of Cat on the show my guess is that they see her as the "Good Mother" but not much more. And in my opinion that's missing the mark. For one thing Catelyn should be the main character here, instead of playing second fiddle to Robb most of the time and following his orders like a trained puppy. The idea to go talk to Renly was hers, as was the decision to actually talk to him. Instead she's being ordered around by her teenage son. Cat spends most of her times fighting that in the books : the prejudice that all the men around her have against her because she's a middle-aged mother who never picks up a sword. Pretty much every major lord in Robb's command tells her at one point or the other "oh you're the gentle sex you don't know anything about war" as a way to shut her up or try to make excuses for her with "it was mother's madness". And because of that prejudice they ignore her sensible advice : send anyone but Theon to the Iron Islands, exchange Jaime for Sansa, ally yourself with Renly, make peace with the Lannisters, don't go fight Lord Tywin at the fords etc. In the show that dimension is entirely gone because Cat never says much of anything. When Robb is named King in the North she tays silent, Robb is the one who suggests going to Renly, she never mentions Theon as an envoy etc. The one thing she can't shut up about is going back to Winterfell with her babies, which she never says aloud IIRC, much less to Robb. I think Game of Thrones is a great show on the whole, the actors in particular are fantastic, but there a few characters that I think D&D just don't get at all, mainly Catelyn and Sansa. Sansa isn't even a major character anymore it seems, when she's got something like 3rd most POV of all characters in Clash. Instead they have time to include 3-minutes long scenes of Ros being threatened by ultimate pimp Littlefinger or of Joffrey torturing prostitutes because he's evil. I'd consider that pretty mediocre writing.Yes! I could not have said this any better. I said in another thread there are elements of the show that I love and, with few exceptions, the acting has been excellent. My concerns stem mostly from the writing and directing. Comments from D&D also lead me to believe that they have very different views of the characters than I do. Catelyn, Jame, and Jon have been changed in ways that make no sense to me and Sansa is now a minor character.Catelyn is one of my favorite POVs in the series, I enjoyed every one of her chapters. She gives great insights to the prejudice that women face in this world and I liked seeing how she handles it. It has really disappointed me that she has been reduced to the "good mother" role who just wants to go home. In the books, she put herself where she felt she could have done the most good for ALL of her children, an important point that I think has been dropped.
1920	Howdyphillip	2012-05-25	Then create a positive thread of your own ? From what I've seen on the boards most people here find the Theon storyline to be have been done well, and as a result there's not much point to create a thread about it because most people have the same point of view and there can only be so many "I agree this is the best thing ever !!" before people start moving on to another subject. The point of a discussion board is to generate discussion after all. And most people gave the episode a 8 on the "How would you rate episode 208" thread, so the reaction isn't as bad as you make it out to be. First of all, It would be disingenuous of me to start a cheerleader thread for show Catelyn because as I have already pointed out on numerous occasions I don't think that her story line on the show is nearly as enjoyable as it was in the books. Her nuances and motivations have been changed to be almost diametrically opposed from one another,I also question why her motivations were not brought up in the discussion with Robb and Karstark. but I can easily attribute that to her making a decision that at that particular moment, she believed Robb wasn't ready to listen to any excuses because of his overwhelming anger with her, and that she was just waiting for a better time. I am actually not far off in assessment from much of the discussion that is taking place here. I will again say that I don't think having a discussion on the issues is a bad thing. What I have been trying to convey is that all of these things can be said without the vitriol and hatred that seem to permeate the board right now. Starting topics with negative connotations limit discussion, and gives the appearance that this show is not liked. As you have pointed out, the average rating from this board is an 8 (I gave it a 7 as it was my least favorite episode this year). You could never tell that by reading a list of topics discussing this show though. That is my major complaint with the thread title, and I believe the proper place to address that is within that particular thread.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 25 May 2012 - 09:45 AM.
1921	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Sure, they can also realize that killing Jaime is not a good idea. They still won't risk their lives to save him.I disagree.  They far outnumber the Karstarks and they are put at more peril by allowing Jamie to die. TBH the whole scene is dumb.  If there was so much bloodlust to kill Jamie, wouldn't the Karstarks be monitoring everything that was going down in the Kingslayers cage? If we're going to assume that the Karstarks would kill their fellow northmen to get at Jamie, then why did he even make it through the conversation with Catelyn?  If they wouldn't kill Catelyn, why didn't she just protect him overnight?
1922	Howdyphillip	2012-05-25	I disagree. They far outnumber the Karstarks and they are put at more peril by allowing Jamie to die. TBH the whole scene is dumb. If there was so much bloodlust to kill Jamie, wouldn't the Karstarks be monitoring everything that was going down in the Kingslayers cage? If we're going to assume that the Karstarks would kill their fellow northmen to get at Jamie, then why did he even make it through the conversation with Catelyn? If they wouldn't kill Catelyn, why didn't she just protect him overnight?Have you ever been around a group of angry guys rousing themselves up to do violence while sitting around and drinking? I thought that the writers made a completely believable case that Jaime was in for some killing if he were to stay where he was. With or without Catelyn watching on.This is another case where I can point out that the writing is not "terrible". It is actually well thought out the majority of the times. It is however vastly different. I can honestly say that I don't like it as much without saying they are "gutting" the character. They are changing the character, and they are doing so in ways that are thought out and believable.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 25 May 2012 - 10:03 AM.
1923	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	I will again say that I don't think having a discussion on the issues is a bad thing. What I have been trying to convey is that all of these things can be said without the vitriol and hatred that seem to permeate the board right now. Starting topics with negative connotations limit discussion, and gives the appearance that this show is not liked. As you have pointed out, the average rating from this board is an 8 (I gave it a 7 as it was my least favorite episode this year). You could never tell that by reading a list of topics discussing this show though. That is my major complaint with the thread title, and I believe the proper place to address that is within that particular thread.The thread titles are a bit over-the-top, that's their purpose, they're supposed to make people want what's inside them. Even so I fail to see what's vitriolic or hateful about it. "The gutting of Catelyn's motivation" suggests that the OP had fault with one particular aspect of Cat's plotline in the show, namely the motivation behind her release of Jaime, and he then explained why he was disappointed in the change. If the OP had just said "D&D are morons they're screwing everything up" that would have been unhelpful and vitriolic. Here it's just strong disapproval, but it's still constructive.Most of the other posters expressed their opinions rather mildly by saying "It felt off" or "it was weak" or "why Cat did't explain herself confuses me". There's nothing even remotely hateful about those, it's just criticism. Saying something is terrible isn't particularly vitriolic either.
1924	birdsong66	2012-05-25	I think I've said it before, but I'll say it again: however much I like Michelle Fairley (I think she's terrific), the writers have not done Catelyn Stark justice, not from episode one and on. My hopes that she'd become more like the character in the novel later in the first season never quite transpired, and I've grown increasingly frustrated with the way they've handled her this season. And so I'm at the point where to some degree I'm looking forward to the Red Wedding so that they can put Catelyn out of the picture and I don't have to keep wincing every time they make the character on the show less and less compelling. It really is this cut and dry.  The changes to her character would make sense had Catelyn not been a fully fleshed out character in the books.  That is simply not the case.  If her motivations and behavior had been at all vague or muted in presentation, the changes make sense.  As I think everyone can agree this was/is not the case, the decision to reduce Catelyn to a bland, sexless, diluted "MOTHER" archetype insults me, personally, and to a certain extent, suggests that the producers either A) don't care for the character, or /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> misinterpret the character, neither case being one I would spend a good deal of time defending, on a board or in discussions with people I watch with.  And this misinterpretation has been there from episode one....removal of "It should have been you," her wanting Ned to be The Hand, her refusal to allow Jon Snow to stay, god forbid we have a scene where she might reflect on post-coital "aching loins," and my personal favorite, Catelyn cowering against a rock while Tyrion protects her versus she slices the throat of a clansman threatening Tyrion.  Every scene subsequent to that wherein her empowering book dialogue is given to everyone else in an effort to build those characters for TV viewership, read: one victory does not make us conquerors, etc., or the additional actions, while somewhat badass, read: punching Jaime with a rock, make her appear somehow less than the whole, reactionary, trite, a shadow of the original. It isn't so much that we hate what D&D have done, or that we believe that the character has been gutted so much as the discontent that I, and apparently many others feel, that stems from the overall theme that Catelyn is a throwaway POV character, whose motivations, beliefs, and actions are only significant as they relate or define another character's, those characters who the producers have decided are more worthy or interesting or fundamentally better.  I do not agree.  Period.  It is also insulting to me personally, and I freely admit this, that the "MOTHER" archetype is defined by D&D for HBOGoT as intellectually inferior, overly emotional, subject to inconsistencies in thought and action, and every other manner of cliche applicable.  I will state again, it is a testament to Michelle Fairley, and her alone, that anyone even bothers with a thread on the subject of Catelyn, and not in any way evidence of the skill which with D&D have chosen to present her.THAT SAID:  I'm really hoping, HOPING (!), that D&D have chosen to present Catelyn as a passive cliche of motherhood/womanhood, whatever, as a means to truly define how powerless women in general are in Westeros, as I believe they have successfully done with other female characters.  In this, she truly represents what Cercei reflects on when stating (to Sansa I think) don't love anyone because that love will make you do ridiculous things for those you love; you can't help but love your children, regardless of father, but in the end, it will kill you just the same.  Taking that theme, applying it to Catelyn better illustrates how loyal and loving she is, and defines her transformation to SH as even more disturbing because she has become that animal that loved too much, tried too hard, wanted and wanted, ultimately denied, and who, without any self imposed boundries, gives leave to her previous notions in favor of revenge, pure, true, and just.  It could be fantastically awesome.  Or, it can wither on the vine.
1925	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Have you ever been around a group of angry guys rousing themselves up to do violence while sitting around and drinking? I thought that the writers made a completely believable case that Jaime was in for some killing if he were to stay where he was. With or without Catelyn watching on. This is another case where I can point out that the writing is not "terrible". It is actually well thought out the majority of the times. It is however vastly different. I can honestly say that I don't like it as much without saying they are "gutting" the character. They are changing the character, and they are doing so in ways that are thought out and believable.Yes I have. And I don't see how she was able to get him out of the cage without any of these angry men noticing without any sort of protection if he was going to die that night.  Did they plan a mandatory meeting? Personally, I'm cool with the writing here and the scene.  Catelyn makes a lot of mistakes, and this is another of her blunders that I don't think deviates excessively from her book character.  My opinion is that the right thing to have done would have been to protect him until the king could decide what should be done and that doing so was an option available to Catelyn.  It definitely was if there is an option of hustling him out of there and escorting him to Robb.
1926	birdsong66	2012-05-25	Personally, I'm cool with the writing here and the scene. Catelyn makes a lot of mistakes, and this is another of her blunders that I don't think deviates excessively from her book character. My opinion is that the right thing to have done would have been to protect him until the king could decide what should be done and that doing so was an option available to Catelyn. It definitely was if there is an option of hustling him out of there and escorting him to Robb.Except, he killed his own cousin in an escape attempt, and was recaptured.  The idea that someone who still possess the physica/intellectuall where with all to kill two men prior to his first attempt at escape being escorted into a tent for a guarded conversation with TKotN doesn't exactly sound like a smart idea.  Also, it presents another change in the book as by this time, Jaime is in a weakened physical/emotional state due to imprisonment which is obviously not the case on HBO.I mean, I get what you are saying, and I also wondered why it was that Catelyn and Brienne wouldn't just remain in the cage overnight, as while they might have killed Brienne to get to Jaime, killing Catelyn would have been a double down bet on treason, escorting Jaime to Robb under guard would have made even less sence, IMO.
1927	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Except, he killed his own cousin in an escape attempt, and was recaptured.  The idea that someone who still possess the physica/intellectuall where with all to kill two men prior to his first attempt at escape being escorted into a tent for a guarded conversation with TKotN doesn't exactly sound like a smart idea.  Also, it presents another change in the book as by this time, Jaime is in a weakened physical/emotional state due to imprisonment which is obviously not the case on HBO.agreed, all the more reason not to just let him go.  how do you trust this guy?  just a flat out boneheaded move.i don't out too much stock into the cousin killing.  jamie doesn't care about anyone but himself at this point in the books and in the show. I mean, I get what you are saying, and I also wondered why it was that Catelyn and Brienne wouldn't just remain in the cage overnight, as while they might have killed Brienne to get to Jaime, killing Catelyn would have been a double down bet on treason, escorting Jaime to Robb under guard would have made even less sence, IMO.im on the same page.  the dungeon doesn't translate to the cage.
1928	Greywolf2375	2012-05-25	. What I have been trying to convey is that all of these things can be said without the vitriol and hatred that seem to permeate the board right now. Starting topics with negative connotations limit discussion, and gives the appearance that this show is not liked. As you have pointed out, the average rating from this board is an 8 (I gave it a 7 as it was my least favorite episode this year). You could never tell that by reading a list of topics discussing this show though. That is my major complaint with the thread title, and I believe the proper place to address that is within that particular thread.That's just pure hyperbole.  Are there unfounded "this was teh worst thing evar!1!!1" comments - yes.  But looking over ALL the comments in all of the threads, the hatred and vitriol is a very, very small percentage of all posts.  It may be memorable because it stands out in it's ridiculousness, but that doesn't mean it is the leading type of comment.  I remember reading theonering.net and other sites before LOTR came out...what we have seen on this site is a far cry from what I would consider harsh on a large scale.Even if a thread topic is poorly worded, it doesn't stop comments from an opposing viewpoint, if anything it invites them.  There are some - the Nitpick Without Repercussion and Cheer Without Fear threads that seem to have people respecting the requested boundaries.  Even reading those though, the vast majority of people are not looking at the series as black and white
1929	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	For me the biggest concern is that D&D just dont seem to understand the basic concept of certain characters. Now that perception may only be presented to explain the show characters and where they are going, but even in that terms they fail.  Jon as seeking a father figure?  That makes absolutely zero sense and in my book is indefensible as a character motivation.  But there we have it and it is clear that they have inbued TV Jon with that trait in his relationship to Mormont. And this is this perceptual dissonance that viewers have.  Jons actions dont make sense for what we know of Jon as a viewer and a reader.  A bastard raised by his father with a hostile mother figure, surrounded by stoic male father figures who clearly loved and instructed the young man is 180 degrees from Jon seeking a father figure.  Thus when D&D present his character that way it simply makes no sense from a concious and subconcious level.
WRT Cat, she is one of the most fascinating characters in the book, because she is so strong and single minded in her actions.  They are consistent and logical from her perspective.  That strength, as pointed out above makes her unique in breaking the female mother mold of the genre and larger fictional literature.  It therefore becomes disappointing to many perceptive, mature viewes that her character is so changed, back to the cliched irrational grieving mother role, because that is so hackkneed (sp?) and predictable as to make the series less than its potential.  And many of these changes simply make no sense, except for the most probable in that the writers intended on dumbing down her character.  Specific changes were made that would not impact the budget or flow of the series that reduce her from a powerful figure in Robbs camp to the dottering mother.  And that is a shame.
Again, I believe this hurts the series in the long run.  When the series starts to fall back on cliches and stereotypes it loses the thing that makes the series so special. The maturity and uniqueness, the reality and the mold breaking that attracts people to its story. If this story were simply Westerosi 90210, where cliched romance meet medieval violence, it will become cliche and boring.  It works cause it is the Sopranos meets King Arthur, with magic.  Simplifying characters to meet mass appeal brings this to the level of cliched fantasy and that simply does not have the mass appeal that this series must have to survive.
1930	birdsong66	2012-05-25	agreed, all the more reason not to just let him go. how do you trust this guy? just a flat out boneheaded move.And yet another example of a change from the book that did not get fleshed out enough to make a bit more sense.  In the book, it is made very clear that who Catelyn trusts is Brienne and  Tyrion, specifically because he swore an oath while sitting the Iron Throne in Joffrey/Cercei's absence, because he poisoned her and gave Joffrey a new weapon to play with, and some would argue that this vow is exactly why he needed both to be elsewhere.  Dropped plot line:  Poison, vow in front of court assembly, evidence that Joffrey likes to hurt defenseless things.For HBO's fleshing as it is, we are supposed to remember Ned's bones as a show of good faith from Tyrion, and the conversation with LF when he proposes such a trade.  Plot additions:  Ned's bones, LF and Tyrion's "pact," LF's attempt to sway Catelyn to him, absolutely no witnesses to Cat/LF exchange, or LF/Tyrion's exchange.  It is the HBO version/sequence of events which makes the subsequent release all the more "boneheaded" as it lacked all manner of effectively fleshing it out.  Given this, I see little reason to not include "it should have been you" because one can't remove this as a means to soften/lend support to a character for TV, and then fail to properly detail who it is she trusts, why she did it without throwing her in front of a bus.  Does that make sense?  i mean me, am I making sense?Also, add me to those who are really sad they didn't include "No one calls my Lady a traitor in my presence...."  Really?  He could still have been pissed at her without failing to come to her defense with this simple declaration, IMO.  Rather like the lone wolf dies but the pact survives premise informs Arya, but  remains lost on Robb.
1931	LordofWinter	2012-05-25	i think the reason is pretty obvious, they wanted to get the kingslayer out and about. the producers basically said as much before the season premiered. if this were an isolated incident, i would be more apt to agree with you, Howdyphillip. but as many cat fans have been pointing out since the beginning of this season, cat is often doing the exact opposite of what she does in the books. for example, cat wanting to go home at the start of the season. imo, this season has been mediocre at best. the one redeeming aspect of it has been theons story. they failed to build up to the riot, they failed to build up any tension north of the wall, and they've failed to build up any tension leading into blackwater. just a bunch of bullet points. point a to point b, with unnecessary, long, invented-for-the-tv-show scenes inbetween.i agree, and i stated as much in plenty of other threads. it's not just this season where they are giving her decisions a 180. it started in the first season when she pretty much begged Eddard not to go to KL. and i'll never understand people who say that changes like this don't effect the overall story. ALL PLOTS AND SUBPLOTS OF ANY STORY ARE PUSHED AND GUIDED ALONG BY THE CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT OF EACH OF THE CHARACTERS. WHEN THEY MAKE A CHOICE THAT YOU THE READER CAN SEE, THERE IS A PURPOSE TO THAT. IF THE CONTINUITY OF CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT ISN'T IMPORTANT THAN I GUESS NEITHER ARE LANDSCAPES OR DIALOGUE.
1932	LordofWinter	2012-05-25	For me the biggest concern is that D&D just dont seem to understand the basic concept of certain characters. Now that perception may only be presented to explain the show characters and where they are going, but even in that terms they fail. Jon as seeking a father figure? That makes absolutely zero sense and in my book is indefensible as a character motivation. But there we have it and it is clear that they have inbued TV Jon with that trait in his relationship to Mormont. And this is this perceptual dissonance that viewers have. Jons actions dont make sense for what we know of Jon as a viewer and a reader. A bastard raised by his father with a hostile mother figure, surrounded by stoic male father figures who clearly loved and instructed the young man is 180 degrees from Jon seeking a father figure. Thus when D&D present his character that way it simply makes no sense from a concious and subconcious level. WRT Cat, she is one of the most fascinating characters in the book, because she is so strong and single minded in her actions. They are consistent and logical from her perspective. That strength, as pointed out above makes her unique in breaking the female mother mold of the genre and larger fictional literature. It therefore becomes disappointing to many perceptive, mature viewes that her character is so changed, back to the cliched irrational grieving mother role, because that is so hackkneed (sp?) and predictable as to make the series less than its potential. And many of these changes simply make no sense, except for the most probable in that the writers intended on dumbing down her character. Specific changes were made that would not impact the budget or flow of the series that reduce her from a powerful figure in Robbs camp to the dottering mother. And that is a shame. Again, I believe this hurts the series in the long run. When the series starts to fall back on cliches and stereotypes it loses the thing that makes the series so special. The maturity and uniqueness, the reality and the mold breaking that attracts people to its story. If this story were simply Westerosi 90210, where cliched romance meet medieval violence, it will become cliche and boring. It works cause it is the Sopranos meets King Arthur, with magic. Simplifying characters to meet mass appeal brings this to the level of cliched fantasy and that simply does not have the mass appeal that this series must have to survive.hackneyed*
1933	House Martell	2012-05-25	The problem I have with peoples problems, is you can't just point out individual actions of the characters as if they are in a vacuum. Cats whole situation/dynamic has changed. There is no Riverrun, no dying father, brother, or Uncle. We have a meeting with LF on behalf of Tyrion that IMHO changes a lot (I think it was crazier to have Jamie himself swear to return the girls, then the shows situation of an agreement with Tyrion [who actually has them, well at least Sansa]). Now I think the scene with Rob and Karstark wasn't great but Cat did get across the main point: she needed to free Jaimie to get the girls back. Could she have made a "better" argument? sure, but would that have really made a difference. What could she have said that would have made Rob and Karstark say: "oh well, in that case fine, we're glad you let him go after all". Also to say D&D don't understand the characters isn't fair, the fact is they are altering their universe, so changes have to go along with that. The viewer has to judge each situation in the show based on the continuity of the show, not what may or may not have happened in the books, based on the fact that a page by page literal expression of the books just isn't going to happen. I agree that so far Cat and Cersei have not been as strong a characters as they were in the books, but the show is not over and they may just be on different paths that hopefully ultimately get them to the same place.I took a lot of heat around here for saying I never bought the fact that Cat didn't go back to her boys, and I find it way more believable that in the show she at least expresses a strong desire to go to Bran and Rick, In the books I think the most we get is her thinking that the boys must think poorly of her, not she misses them. Now wherever you believe the best place for her is, she should at least want to be with her youngest children, even if she stays elsewhere. So this is one thing I feel the show has done better than the books /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> .
					
					
							Edited by House Martell, 25 May 2012 - 04:23 PM.
1934	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	hackneyed*thanks! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1935	Ran	2012-05-25	, and I find it way more believable that in the show she at least expresses a desire to go to Bran &amp; RickNo.She had written to Bran and Rickon, that last night at Riverrun. I do not forget you, my sweet ones, you must believe that. It is only that your brother needs me more."Watch over Robb and Bran and Rickon. Would that I were with them."She'd love to be with them. But Robb is in far more danger, and he's far more key to the safety of all the rest of the family, and so she stays. Plus her father is about to breathe his last, to boot, and it makes a lot of sense that she wants to be with him.
1936	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	The problem I have with peoples problems, is you can't just point out individual actions of the characters as if they are in a vacuum. Cats whole situation/dynamic has changed. There is no Riverrun, no dying father, brother, or Uncle. We have a meeting with LF on behalf of Tyrion that IMHO changes a lot (I think it was crazier to have Jamie himself swear to return the girls, then the shows situation of an agreement with Tyrion [who actually has them, well at least Sansa]). Now I think the scene with Rob &amp; Karstark wasn't great but Cat did get across the main point: she needed to free Jaimie to get the girls back, could she have made a "better" argument? sure, but would that have really made a difference. What could she have said that would have made Rob &amp; Karstark say: "oh well, in that case fine, we're glad you let him go after all". Also to say D &amp; D don't understand the characters isn't fair, the fact is they are altering their universe, so changes have to go along with that. The viewer has to judge each situation in the show based on the continuity of the show, not what may or may not have happened in the books, based on the fact that a page by page literal expression of the books just isn't going to happen. I agree that so far Cat &amp; Cersei have not been as strong a characters as they were in the books, but the show is not over and they may just be on different paths that hopefully ultimately get them to the same place. I took a lot of heat around here for saying I never bought the fact that Cat didn't go back to her boys, and I find it way more believable that in the show she at least expresses a desire to go to Bran &amp; Rick, In the books I think the most we get is her thinking that the boys must think poorly of her, not she misses them. Now wherever you believe the best place for her is, she should at least want to be with her youngest children, even if she stays elsewhere. So this is one thing I feel the show has done better than the books /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> .I believe book cat is under the impressin that cleo communicated that if Jamie was released Tyrion would release S and A, which again was communicated by Cleo. It is actually interesting because Tyrion actually did not communicate as such.  When Cleo asked about the exchange he said, paraphrasing from memory, that he wouldnt consider it while they held Jamie (implying that he would exchange the girls for him).  I believe drunk Cleo said he would exchange Jamie for the girls.So that leaves book cat having heard about the deaths of B&R and the info (incorrect?) from cleo that an exchange would work going to Jamie.  She was relying on what she thought was Tyrion's word. Given what LF did to Ned it is hard to believe that show LF would believe a word out of his mouth.  Though of course she would have no reason to believe Tyrion EXCEPT he supposedly made his statement in court (as opposed to LF in secret).So book cat's motivations, while complex, were spelled out. She believed that Tyrion in open court agreed to the exchange.That same logic does not apply to show Cat.a. She had no reason to trust LF because of his actions against Nedb. She had no reason to trust in Tyrions words, communicated through LF (even accepting that she trusted LF-which I dont believe she did-she pulled a knife on him, correct)
1937	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	No. She'd love to be with them. But Robb is in far more danger, and he's far more key to the safety of all the rest of the family, and so she stays. Plus her father is about to breathe his last, to boot, and it makes a lot of sense that she wants to be with him.and Moat Catlin was occupied by the Iron Born so she had no way to get to B&R regardless.
1938	House Martell	2012-05-25	She'd love to be with them. But Robb is in far more danger, and he's far more key to the safety of all the rest of the family, and so she stays. Plus her father is about to breathe his last, to boot, and it makes a lot of sense that she wants to be with him.Her father has been in poor health for a while and she was on the road for a year before she got to Riverrun. And a letter to the boys saying " I'd like to see you but your brother is more important", isn't quite the same as the 2 instances in the show where she has expressed a strong desire to return to Winterfell is all I'm saying.
1939	House Martell	2012-05-25	and Moat Catlin was occupied by the Iron Born so she had no way to get to B&R regardless.she was on the road for a year before she got to Riverrun.
1940	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	yes but look at what she did during that year.  went to KL because of the attack on Bran to warn Ned.  On way back runs into Tyrion, cannot go back to WF because of danger of running into Lannisters, goes to Eyrie.  Returns from eyrie and runs into Robb who asks her to go to Renly. Cat is the only one he trusts with that mission and by the time she returns the way back to WF is closed to her.  Cat is regularly bemoaning how duty is getting in the way of returning to R&B.  Of course, this is just another example of how duties often are unreconcilable.
1941	Ran	2012-05-25	isn't quite the same as the 2 instances in the show where she has expressed a strong desire to return to Winterfell is all I'm saying.Sure. And I'm disagreeing with you. It's palpable in the novels that she wants to be reunited with all of her family, that she misses them all. But her duty to her family demands that she stays with Robb because without Robb, the family is doomed. I don't need to have her tell everyone how she wants to be back in Winterfell to understand that she wants to be back with her family, for my own part.
1942	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-25	I would like to have honest dialogue about these changes rather than read a bunch of reactionary outrage. Take for an example, I wouldn't mind reading your opinions of where you think that the budget for this show would be better spent. I just don't want to read another long tirade against changes in the show and how stupid D&D must be.Got it.  And I will find a better thread to put it in--something about production values, since technically this is a thread about how Catelyn is written.Right now, though, I have to go exercise.Okay, I'll sneak in one point:  They could have saved money on Natalie Dormer.  blecch.  (Just kidding!)
1943	dreamcatcher	2012-05-25	Agree, that whole scene with Catelyn letting Jamie go was weird. I mean, she thinks Bran and Rickon are captives, NOT YET dead, so she doesn't need to think "I need at least Arya and Sansa back", because she thinks she still have all of her children alive. Weird.
1944	lilenadheas	2012-05-25	The real tragedy of the show is that we are almost getting to see Catelyn in all her glory. Could you imagine how mindblowingly amazing it would be if Michelle fairley was able to portray book catelyn? They got the actress just right for the character, they just never bothered to actually create the character. Show cat is a generic good mother. I find this offensive. Cat is my favourite character because she is so complex. She is so much more than just a mother. She is a compassionate person and a shrewd politician, and she is a daughter and sister. The absence of the Tullys this season further strengthens the point that D&D are not interested in expanding the character beyond the Great Lady trope.
I happened to read about the release of Jamie before watching it, and was spitting nails all day while waiting for the episode. However, I must say that I found this change acceptable in and of itself. The sense of urgency could have been emphasised, but it was not strictly necessary. Where the writers fell down was in the aftermath. Nt showing the oath swearing was very risky, as the audience does not fully grasp Cat's reasons for releasing him. The confrontation with robb was atrocious. That scene.... Why on earth would cat not immediately tell robb that they guy standing behind him was plotting to kill his most valuable hostage and sealing his sisters deaths? And why, oh gods why, did she act surprised that he was placing her under arrest? Cat was a rational person who made rash decisions, but she always reflected on them after. Wouldn't she have contemplated robb reaction, and realised the necessity of her imprisonment? Ugh.
Also, Michelle fairley does not seem to realise how much the character has bee altered. In one interview she says she began reading the books but stopped because she didn't want to know what was going to happen, in case prior knowledge affected her performance. She also seemed shocked when another interviewer mentioned that cat was a polarising character. Finally, she mentioned that all the actors were given histories of their characters in lieu of reading the books. Someone asked about this in the thread.
/rant
1945	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	The real tragedy of the show is that we are almost getting to see Catelyn in all her glory. Could you imagine how mindblowingly amazing it would be if Michelle fairley was able to portray book catelyn? They got the actress just right for the character, they just never bothered to actually create the character. Show cat is a generic good mother. I find this offensive. Cat is my favourite character because she is so complex. She is so much more than just a mother. She is a compassionate person and a shrewd politician, and she is a daughter and sister. The absence of the Tullys this season further strengthens the point that D&D are not interested in expanding the character beyond the Great Lady trope.I happened to read about the release of Jamie before watching it, and was spitting nails all day while waiting for the episode. However, I must say that I found this change acceptable in and of itself. The sense of urgency could have been emphasised, but it was not strictly necessary. Where the writers fell down was in the aftermath. Nt showing the oath swearing was very risky, as the audience does not fully grasp Cat's reasons for releasing him. The confrontation with robb was atrocious. That scene.... Why on earth would cat not immediately tell robb that they guy standing behind him was plotting to kill his most valuable hostage and sealing his sisters deaths? And why, oh gods why, did she act surprised that he was placing her under arrest? Cat was a rational person who made rash decisions, but she always reflected on them after. Wouldn't she have contemplated robb reaction, and realised the necessity of her imprisonment? Ugh.Also, Michelle fairley does not seem to realise how much the character has bee altered. In one interview she says she began reading the books but stopped because she didn't want to know what was going to happen, in case prior knowledge affected her performance. She also seemed shocked when another interviewer mentioned that cat was a polarising character. Finally, she mentioned that all the actors were given histories of their characters in lieu of reading the books. Someone asked about this in the thread./rantThere's just no way they can develop these characters to the full extent that George does.  Its not possible in 9 hours of screen time.  These expectations are unrealistic.With that being said, this series could focus more or have longer seasons imo and still make money.
1946	lilenadheas	2012-05-25	@mulledwino I agree, but my argument still stands. They could reduce a characters screen time and remain faithful to the original Cat. I wasn't suggesting that the should have brought the Tullys in just to round out Cat's character, just pointing out one of the many aspects of the character they have ignored. For example, the writers need not have given robb many of cats ideas. The scenes would have conveyed the same information to the audience and have been much more satisfying for cat fans. Robb could have been fleshed out without robbing his mother of political shrewdness and agency
1947	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	and by returning to Cat her just desserts vis a vis Robb's decisions, it woiuld have given much needed depth to Robbs character making him much less the cliched perfect boy king
1948	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	@mulledwino I agree, but my argument still stands. They could reduce a characters screen time and remain faithful to the original Cat. I wasn't suggesting that the should have brought the Tullys in just to round out Cat's character, just pointing out one of the many aspects of the character they have ignored. For example, the writers need not have given robb many of cats ideas. The scenes would have conveyed the same information to the audience and have been much more satisfying for cat fans. Robb could have been fleshed out without robbing his mother of political shrewdness and agencyThey took quite a bit of robb's accomplishments away as well.  It seemed like there wasnt enough credit to go around.  I do agree that cat lost some luster, but i never thought she was that politically shrewd to begin with.  I mean she made horrible political decisions with Jamie and Tyrion.
1949	House Martell	2012-05-25	But her duty to her family demands that she stays with Robb because without Robb, the family is doomed.After the Twins what good does she do Robb? I forgot Catelyn Tully-Stark is a world renowned military strategist and expert negotiator whom Robb and his war council lean on heavily and who deftly negotiated a truce between Stannis and Renly...Oh wait, no none of that is true, she over values her need to be with her oldest son at war who is surrounded by seasoned military veterans. She could have gone back to Winterfell from the Twins and the only thing that would be different is the North would still hold Jamie.
1950	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	After the Twins what good does she do Robb? I forgot Catelyn Tully-Stark is a world renowned military strategist and expert negotiator whom Robb and his war council lean on heavily and who deftly negotiated a truce between Stannis and Renly...Oh wait, no none of that is true, she over values her need to be with her oldest son at war who is surrounded by seasoned military veterans. She could have gone back to Winterfell from the Twins and the only thing that would be different is the North would still hold Jamie.She wanted to see her dad i guess.  But you're right.  She didnt really do much of anything except make things a mess.
1951	House Martell	2012-05-25	She wanted to see her dad i guess.  But you're right.  She didnt really do much of anything except make things a mess.Fine she could even go to Riverrun say her good-byes and THEN return to Winterfell. Her father doesn't need her to stay, he doesn't even know who she is most of the time and she's not going to cure him. So don't say she wanted to go home but couldn't because if she truly wanted to she could have.And please don't take this as hatred of Cat, I disagree with some of her decisions, but I do enjoy the character in the book, even if there are moments of "what are you doing!" it's entertaining and the TV version is watered down...
1952	scurvy	2012-05-25	The thread titles are a bit over-the-top, that's their purpose, they're supposed to make people want what's inside them. Even so I fail to see what's vitriolic or hateful about it. "The gutting of Catelyn's motivation" suggests that the OP had fault with one particular aspect of Cat's plotline in the show, namely the motivation behind her release of Jaime, and he then explained why he was disappointed in the change. If the OP had just said "D&D are morons they're screwing everything up" that would have been unhelpful and vitriolic. Here it's just strong disapproval, but it's still constructive.Most of the other posters expressed their opinions rather mildly by saying "It felt off" or "it was weak" or "why Cat did't explain herself confuses me". There's nothing even remotely hateful about those, it's just criticism. Saying something is terrible isn't particularly vitriolic either.Thanks for the support.
1953	RoamingRonin	2012-05-25	What will happen when they learn Bran and Rickon are "dead"? What will that motivate them to do?
1954	lilenadheas	2012-05-26	@housemartell, why are you so concerned with her going back to winterfell? Why is it a character flaw that she didn't? Obviously we disagree on her usefulness to robb, as I think her advice to him was valuable and you to not, but even if she were an impediment to his campaign, which I guess she became after releasing Jamie, why shouldn't she Want to stay with her eldest son, who is (seemingly) in much more immediate danger than her youngest sons.
Regarding Cat's political shrewdness, I think it would be redundant to defend the Tyrion and Jamie fiasco's, as they have been discussed often on other threads, but she did have some very good advice that no one listened to.
					
					
							Edited by lilenadheas, 26 May 2012 - 04:26 AM.
1955	birdsong66	2012-05-26	@housemartell, why are you so concerned with her going back to winterfell? Why is it a character flaw that she didn't? Obviously we disagree on her usefulness to robb, as I think her advice to him was valuable and you to not, but even if she were an impediment to his campaign, which I guess she became after releasing Jamie, why shouldn't she Want to stay with her eldest son, who is (seemingly) in much more immediate danger than her youngest sons.Regarding Cat's political shrewdness, I think it would be redundant to defend the Tyrion and Jamie fiasco's, as they have been discussed often on other threads, but she did have some very good advice that no one listened to.I've never agreed with the idea that Catelyn should have been at Winterfell, but I won't belabor now.  I will say that suggesting that Catelyn's only contribution is negotiating passage through The Twins is a little shortsighted. The Twins parley, if nothing else, placed her influence and level of political skill higher than anyone else as without it, Robb would not have captured Jaime at all, and he would not have been in position to garner subsequent victories over his opposition.She giveth, and then she taketh away, so to speak.
1956	David Selig	2012-05-26	I took a lot of heat around here for saying I never bought the fact that Cat didn't go back to her boys, and I find it way more believable that in the show she at least expresses a strong desire to go to Bran and Rick, In the books I think the most we get is her thinking that the boys must think poorly of her, not she misses them. Now wherever you believe the best place for her is, she should at least want to be with her youngest children, even if she stays elsewhere. So this is one thing I feel the show has done better than the books /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> . Right, because it's natural for all women to always have staying home and taking care of their children as their first priority at all times. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
1957	birdsong66	2012-05-26	I took a lot of heat around here for saying I never bought the fact that Cat didn't go back to her boys, and I find it way more believable that in the show she at least expresses a strong desire to go to Bran and Rick, In the books I think the most we get is her thinking that the boys must think poorly of her, not she misses them. Now wherever you believe the best place for her is, she should at least want to be with her youngest children, even if she stays elsewhere. So this is one thing I feel the show has done better than the books Right, because it's natural for all women to always have staying home and taking care of their children as their first priority at all times. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Jebus, but I just loathe the bolded train of thought.  Such a pile of archetypal bullshit.  And the "strong desire" is an HBO creation to soften for the viewers, who apparently, it is presumed would have difficulty with the idea that she was not with her children in Winterfell, seeing it as a character flaw.  I am disheartened to find that in this they were so obviously correct.@DavidSelig--In love with your bottom-tag quote.  So simple, and true.
1958	House Martell	2012-05-26	@housemartell, why are you so concerned with her going back to winterfell? Why is it a character flaw that she didn't? Obviously we disagree on her usefulness to robb, as I think her advice to him was valuable and you to not, but even if she were an impediment to his campaign, which I guess she became after releasing Jamie, why shouldn't she Want to stay with her eldest son, who is (seemingly) in much more immediate danger than her youngest sons.She provides no value to Robb, who's acting as a grown man, even if her advice is correct it is not taken, so what's the value in speaking if no one listens?. She has a newly crippled son at home, whom she hasn't seen conscious in well over a year, and a four year old child, both of which have no family around them at all. and there is no adult member of the Stark family in Winterfell.The Twins parley, if nothing else, placed her influence and level of political skill higher than anyone else as without it,She married off nearly half her children and took in two Freys as wards (not exactly a well respected "high ranking" family in Westeros), so I don't see how this is great strategic victory. Yes she got the Twins and yes she gets credit for that , but in truth the only reason she did it was because she had children to use as trading value.Right, because it's natural for all women to always have staying home and taking care of their children as their first priority at all times. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />enough with the "woman" argument, its about being a parent. I as a father I can't imagine leaving my newly crippled young son and toddler in the hands of non family members for 2 years. It would be one thing if she was leading the army herself or if there was another adult family member in Winterfell, but there isn't. She is the only living adult Stark family member (male or female) and her value to Robb is minimal. So I'll ask again what practical purpose does does Catelyn Tully-Stark serve to King/General Robb Stark while at war? After procuring the Twins name me one thing she accomplished for Robb,The best thing she did for him was bring him her uncle the Blackfish (a family member who's seasoned in war and leading men). Now i'm not sure if people are aware of this but 4 year old children greatly benefit from having parents. And people who have newly become paralyzed from the waist down and have spent weeks in a coma could also use some love as well. Is Robb in a difficult position, yes, but again SHE IS NOT DOING ANYTHING FOR HIM. As far as being a woman is it solely up to her to take of the children, No shouldn't be. But seeing as how Ned no longer has a head, he is not quite up to the task (another thing, besides being 4 and newly paralyzed, the boys also lost their father recently, sure would be nice if they could talk to mom).If Cassana Estermont-Baratheon were still alive would her place be at Renly's side? Why does everyone think Cat needs to be with Robb?
					
					
							Edited by House Martell, 26 May 2012 - 10:40 AM.
1959	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	a. she consistently gives robb good advice that robb ignores
b. she attempts to negotiate with renly when she was the only good option to do so
c. upon returning from visiting renly she couldnt go back
1960	House Martell	2012-05-26	a. she consistently gives robb good advice that robb ignoresb. she attempts to negotiate with renly when she was the only good option to do soWhat does she accomplish? Not what does she try or say, but what actual value does she provide. If the GreatJon had gone to negotiate with Renly what would be different? And her advice to Robb is analogous to a tree falling in the wood with no there to hear it...
1961	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	you are blaming cat for robb ignoring her?
1962	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	IF nothing her regularly being correct gets Robb to reconsider his decision making process.
also IIRC, she got Robb to change commanders for confronting Tywin while he snuck south.  Jon wanted Greatjon to lead the diversion and she pointed out that he should have someone less agressive and Robb changed that to Bolton
1963	David Selig	2012-05-26	enough with the "woman" argument, its about being a parent. I as a father I can't imagine leaving my newly crippled young son and toddler in the hands of non family members for 2 years. It would be one thing if she was leading the army herself or if there was another adult family member in Winterfell, but there isn't. She is the only living adult Stark family member (male or female) and her value to Robb is minimal. So I'll ask again what practical purpose does does Catelyn Tully-Stark serve to King/General Robb Stark while at war? After procuring the Twins name me one thing she accomplished for Robb,The best thing she did for him was bring him her uncle the Blackfish (a family member who's seasoned in war and leading men). Now i'm not sure if people are aware of this but 4 year old children greatly benefit from having parents. And people who have newly become paralyzed from the waist down and have spent weeks in a coma could also use some love as well. Is Robb in a difficult position, yes, but again SHE IS NOT DOING ANYTHING FOR HIM. As far as being a woman is it solely up to her to take of the children, No shouldn't be. But seeing as how Ned no longer has a head, he is not quite up to the task (another thing, besides being 4 and newly paralyzed, the boys also lost their father recently, sure would be nice if they could talk to mom).There's a vicious war going and Cat expects that if it's lost, her children would die. And for a good reason - Tywin Lannister is notorious for buchering children and exterminating the whole families of his opponents. As far as I am concerned, the obviously best thing for her to do as a parent is to stay where she thinks she can help the most. Sure, she knows Bran and Rickon would miss her very much and this would probably cause problems down the road, but their survival is much more important.The war was not just a military affair, it was decided just as much politically than by what happened on the field  (which was often the case in medieval wars), if not more. Robb was 15/16 year old boy, with little political skill and practically no experience, who was clearly lacking people who he could trust and who were capable when it comes to politics and knowing the key political players in the South. Apart from his mother, who else fit this? Nobody.If Cassana Estermont-Baratheon were still alive would her place be at Renly's side? Why does everyone think Cat needs to be with Robb?Renly is 5 years older, he has been a Lord Paramount for years, he's experienced in the politics of the realm from his years serving on the small council, he's had time to find people who he can trust in his years as a Lord before the war and his army is so big all he needed to do to win the Iron Throne was not screw up really spectacularly or get killed by magic. It's not the same case as Robb at all.But even so, if Cassana was a smart woman who could help her son and wanted to do it - being with him and advising him would've been a good thing as far as I am concerned.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 26 May 2012 - 12:47 PM.
1964	Mulled Wino	2012-05-26	IF nothing her regularly being correct gets Robb to reconsider his decision making process.also IIRC, she got Robb to change commanders for confronting Tywin while he snuck south.  Jon wanted Greatjon to lead the diversion and she pointed out that he should have someone less agressive and Robb changed that to BoltonI dont know if she's regularly correct......she was correct sometimes but she was essential to mist of Robb's success.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 26 May 2012 - 01:07 PM.
1965	House Martell	2012-05-26	you are blaming cat for robb ignoring her?No, I'm saying why would any of the North leaders listen to her in regards to military strategy and politics? Do I personally have misogynistic views of women's value in war? No. But the men of Westeros do. That is a point I want to STRESS, I'm not saying she should be less valuable or I believe she is less valuable. I'm saying Robb is at war, he is named "King of the North" and he is leading men into battle. He more than likely isn't going to listen much to his mom (even if you take away all of that other stuff a 16 yr old boy rarely pays his mother enough mind as he should).  She has no formal training in any of the areas people are pointing to and no prior experience, so why should we believe that Cat would be useful to Robb while he's at war? Did Ned take her with him to the Greyjoy rebellion?also IIRC, she got Robb to change commanders for confronting Tywin while he snuck south.  Jon wanted Greatjon to lead the diversion and she pointed out that he should have someone less agressive and Robb changed that to BoltonHow did trusting Bolton work out for them?There's a vicious war going and Cat expects that if it's lost, her children would die. And for a good reason - Tywin Lannister is notorious for buchering children and exterminating the whole families of his opponents. As far as I am concerned, the obviously best thing for her to do as a parent is to stay where she thinks she can help the most. Sure, she knows Bran and Rickon would miss her very much and this would probably cause problems down the road, but their survival is much more important.I'm sure Cat believes she is doing the best thing for her family, I just disagree. I am empathetic to Cat, her suffering is heart breaking. But she's not experienced in war, her counsel and actions at times have terrible consequences. And based on the male dominated social mores of the time there is no reason for even her to believe her advice will be valued (is that right? No, but that is the way it is). So she is untrained, inexperienced, and is most likely going to be ignored by the men of the North and Riverlands (her son included), so why should she believe that is where she can do the most good?Renly is 5 years older, he has been a Lord Paramount for years, he's experienced in the politics of the realm from his years serving on the small council, he's had time to find people who he can trust in his years as a Lord before the war and his army is so big all he needed to do to win the Iron Throne was not screw up really spectacularly or get killed by magic. It's not the same case as Robb at all.But even so, if Cassana was a smart woman who could help her son and wanted to do it - being with him and advising him would've been a good thing as far as I am concerned.Renly has been to just as many wars as Robb. If anything Robb studied under Ned his whole life while Renly's father is dead and I doubt either of his older brothers passed much of their guidance on to him. Is Renly more dept at politics? Yes, but there is still a war going on. How much more political experience does Cat have then Robb? What is on her resume that leads us (or anyone else) to believe she would be more valuable with Robb than Bran and Rickon?It's nice that you have such a modern view of women and warfare, but I doubt many of the Lords of Westeros share your sentiment. Again that is the context of this discussion, a med-evil type land.
1966	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	he won that battle while not destroying bolton's force
1967	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-26	They are trying to smoosh all the Karstark stuff together with the escape, to fit in more story.. more tension, more suspense towards the end of the season.  And to give us a killer scene with Jaime and remind us that he really really likes to kill people.
I would have also liked to see Cat and Brienne grieve together for her children... but I thought Jaime's scenes were so good, I can forgive them.
I think TV Cat's motivations still make sense.  Jaime and the Karstarks created an unstable situation.  Too many people were angry and Jaime would inevitably have been killed.  Dead Jaime = Dead Sansa.  Releasing Jaime in Brienne's custody was Cat's only possible hope of getting Sansa back.  Littlefinger had already put this idea in her head, so she wasn't doing this out of the blue.. she's been thinking it over for half the season.
Basically we've exchanged another scene where Cat grieves over her family for some badass scenes with Jaime.  And I'm almost positive we'll still get to see her cry about Bran very soon.
1968	Evamitchelle	2012-05-26	She provides no value to Robb, who's acting as a grown man, even if her advice is correct it is not taken, so what's the value in speaking if no one listens?. She has a newly crippled son at home, whom she hasn't seen conscious in well over a year, and a four year old child, both of which have no family around them at all. and there is no adult member of the Stark family in Winterfell.Why are you placing so much importance on "member of the Stark family" ? The Stark kids weren't exactly raised by their parents in the first place : Septa Mordane took care of the girls' education, Rodrik Cassel taught the boys to fight, Maester Luwin is probably the one who taught them their numbers (he's also the one who delivered them) and Old Nan told them bedtimes stories. It's not like they have no one they know around. They're living among the people who've known them their entire lives, not random strangers. Just because they're not related by blood doesn't mean they're incapable of giving them the support they need. If Cat had left Robb's side instead would you be saying he's screwed because "there is no adult member of the Stark family" near him ? There's only one adult member of the Stark family left with 5 children in 4 different locations. I also find it weird that you think not giving up on something because you're not immediately getting your way is a character flaw. Perseverance is usually considered a good thing, no ? Even though she was largely ignored, Cat still managed to make herself heard by Robb a few times, saving Jeyne Westerling's life for example. So her perseverance saved at least one life, which wouldn't have happened if she'd been back in Winterfell (where she would have probably been killed/taken hostage/married off instead). As for Cat being untrained in war. Yes she is, that's why she's not part of his war councils. She never tells him how to fight his battles, and he does well without her. Robb's problem isn't the military strategy, it's the politics. And in that domain Catelyn can definitely help. She's the eldest daughter of one of the Great House, raised as its heir for 9-10 years before Edmure was born, and married into another Great House. A Lady's role isn't restricted to baking cupcakes for the entire castle. So I'd say that 15+ years of being a Great Lady gives her vastly more experience that Robb, who's only been alive for 15 years. And if you can't accept that her credentials as Great Lady are acceptable to demonstrate political prowess, then what do you make of all the other Lords, like Roose Bolton and Wyman Manderly, that follow Robb and give him advice ? In any case I'd say that it's supposed to be pretty clear that she's politically proficient given the advice she gives : "try allying yourself with Renly" was pretty solid advice, and she came up with it before anyone else, including Brynden "seasoned in war and leading men" Tully. Don't trust the Westerlings was pretty good too, or don't send Theon Greyjoy back to the Iron Islands. Wrt the Frey alliance. 1) Not being a "high ranking family in Westeros". So your point is that the Freys aren't good enough for the Tully-Starks because they're not a Great House. Let's take a look at those. Starks-Tully-Arryn are out of the picture because, well, inbreeding. Edmure is the only available Tully, and he's 24-25. Marrying him to 10-year-old Arya would have been massively creepy. Robert Arryn is the only available Arryn, and he's 6, sickly, and a direct cousin. Lysa doesn't seem to mind about the last part, but the sickly part is not great for marriage offers (especially to Arya, the only available girl in the Stark family at that time). Then you have the Baratheons, who are all dead or already married. The main branch of Tyrells are all taken except Willas and Loras. The Martells have  Arianne, Quentyn and Trystane, but no one really thinks about them all that much in the first place, and Doran has his own plans anyway. And then you have the Lannisters of course. So all of the Great Houses are pretty much out. Which leaves the second-tier Houses, which means Houses like the Freys ! They're not really respected, but they're undeniably rich and powerful (3-4,000 soldiers isn't a thing minor houses can afford, they also have their own vassals). Besides Great Houses almost never intermarry with each other like the previous generation did (Stark-Tully, Tully-Arryn, Lannister-Baratheon), and they usually marry their bannermen (as Tywin mentions). 2) They needed the Freys. Without the Freys they can't even go south in the first place. Without the Freys they lose before they even started. They clearly had the advantage, so they used it.
1969	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-26	this whole season has been HBO just trying to touch on all (or a bunch) of the bullet points of acok without worrying about whether or not the shit they put inbetween actually makes them make sense, or making sure that the intended implications of a scene from acok are what they are supposed to be.i have non-reader friends who are sure that the shadow is going to show up during the finale. the reason is because, yes, HBO showed both the assassination of renly and the birth of a shadow. but the order that these appear IS important.  in the book, renly's death is the set up, and the birth is the pay off. the implication is that melisandre and/or the lord of light, are to be taken seriously.  on the tv show, they made the birth the set up, and renly's death the pay off. and because this is the only shadow that exists, it really makes the shadow itself the important thing.  yet we're not going to see it or any other shadow now, and that shadow is going to seem REALLY bizarre and totally deus ex machina when non-readers think back to it.cat's situation is no different. yep, they managed to cross that bullet point off the list. is it as strong a moment as in the book? no, definitely not.Good post, and I certainly agree about the bullet points. This whole season it feels like they're hitting on all the major points of the novel without really spending the necessary time to set up those moments. This is partly due to 10 episodes just not being enough time to tell ACOK, but it's also because of the all the time taken by the new scenes. That's one of my big problems with this season; the new scenes aren't all bad (most are pretty good), but they add very little to the show. I still don't see what the point of the scene with Joffrey and the whores was; everyone already knows he's an evil little shit. Same with the scene with Littlefinger and Ros, and even the good Arya and Tywin scenes were ultimately pointless.And then important scenes from the book just sort of flounder onscreen. Renly's meeting with Stannis was not set up at all, and in fact neither of them at any point even acknowledged they were going to meet. Suddenly, they're meeting in a field, just because that's what happens in the book. Same with Arya's prayer; she does it once in the show, and hasn't done it since and probably won't again. Harrenhal feels gutted, the terror of it that turns changes Arya swithced for some decent scenes between her and Tywin that really amounted to nothing, either plot wise or even changing Arya's character.
1970	House Martell	2012-05-26	Why are you placing so much importance on "member of the Stark family" ? The Stark kids weren't exactly raised by their parents in the first place : Septa Mordane took care of the girls' education, Rodrik Cassel taught the boys to fight, Maester Luwin is probably the one who taught them their numbers (he's also the one who delivered them) and Old Nan told them bedtimes stories. It's not like they have no one they know around. They're living among the people who've known them their entire lives, not random strangers. Just because they're not related by blood doesn't mean they're incapable of giving them the support they need. If Cat had left Robb's side instead would you be saying he's screwed because "there is no adult member of the Stark family" near him ? There's only one adult member of the Stark family left with 5 children in 4 different locations.I went to school and had lots of teachers, that doesn't mean I didn't need parents. Plus with Cassel and Luwin now left to run Winterfell they have even less time for the boys. And yes family members (parents especially) are important because no one cares about your kids as much as you do. And Robb is King, 16, and acting as a man. Rickon is 4, Bran is 10 and newly crippled, So no it's not the same as leaving Robb. The 2 girls are prisoners in KL, Cat isn't going to go riding in in full armor slaying the Kings Guard and freeing Sansa (and presumably Arya). My opinion is shes isn't a whole lot of good to Robb where he is, so that leaves Bran and Rickon.As for Cat being untrained in war. Yes she is, that's why she's not part of his war councils. She never tells him how to fight his battles, and he does well without her. Robb's problem isn't the military strategy, it's the politics. And in that domain Catelyn can definitely help. She's the eldest daughter of one of the Great House, raised as its heir for 9-10 years before Edmure was born, and married into another Great House. A Lady's role isn't restricted to baking cupcakes for the entire castle. So I'd say that 15+ years of being a Great Lady gives her vastly more experience that Robb, who's only been alive for 15 years. And if you can't accept that her credentials as Great Lady are acceptable to demonstrate political prowess, then what do you make of all the other Lords, like Roose Bolton and Wyman Manderly, that follow Robb and give him advice ? In any case I'd say that it's supposed to be pretty clear that she's politically proficient given the advice she gives : "try allying yourself with Renly" was pretty solid advice, and she came up with it before anyone else, including Brynden "seasoned in war and leading men" Tully. Don't trust the Westerlings was pretty good too, or don't send Theon Greyjoy back to the Iron Islands.She had some good advice, and some bad. But as I said social mores of the time are that her cousel won't be heeded anyway, Renly didn't align with them, and Theon and the Westerlings did betray them, so what practical value did her counsel serve? Even if I conceed she was the most brilliant politically savy person in all of Westeros, no one listened, so what good did it do?Wrt the Frey alliance. 1) Not being a "high ranking family in Westeros". So your point is that the Freys aren't good enough for the Tully-Starks because they're not a Great House. Let's take a look at those. Starks-Tully-Arryn are out of the picture because, well, inbreeding. Edmure is the only available Tully, and he's 24-25. Marrying him to 10-year-old Arya would have been massively creepy. Robert Arryn is the only available Arryn, and he's 6, sickly, and a direct cousin. Lysa doesn't seem to mind about the last part, but the sickly part is not great for marriage offers (especially to Arya, the only available girl in the Stark family at that time). Then you have the Baratheons, who are all dead or already married. The main branch of Tyrells are all taken except Willas and Loras. The Martells have  Arianne, Quentyn and Trystane, but no one really thinks about them all that much in the first place, and Doran has his own plans anyway. And then you have the Lannisters of course. So all of the Great Houses are pretty much out. Which leaves the second-tier Houses, which means Houses like the Freys ! They're not really respected, but they're undeniably rich and powerful (3-4,000 soldiers isn't a thing minor houses can afford, they also have their own vassals). Besides Great Houses almost never intermarry with each other like the previous generation did (Stark-Tully, Tully-Arryn, Lannister-Baratheon), and they usually marry their bannermen (as Tywin mentions). 2) They needed the Freys. Without the Freys they can't even go south in the first place. Without the Freys they lose before they even started. They clearly had the advantage, so they used it.Yes my point is the Frey's aren't a good marriage alience for 2 of your 5 children. I'm saying Frey is her fathers sworn banner man and she had to give up two of her kids just to have him let them cross the street. My point is this doesn't demonstrates a keen negotiating mind. Yes she did what needed to be done and I have always given her credit for procuring the Twins, but having children to marry off isn't an advantage that will serve Robb further along in his war campaign. And do you think she would have married any of her kids to Freys under normal circumstances? probably not, so yes the rich powerfull 2nd tier Freys are an undesireable match.I also find it weird that you think not giving up on something because you're not immediately getting your way is a character flaw. Perseverance is usually considered a good thing, no ?What you're calling "perserverence", I call wasting time and not being particularly valuable while your other children need you.
1971	Evamitchelle	2012-05-26	I went to school and had lots of teachers, that doesn't mean I didn't need parents. Plus with Cassel and Luwin now left to run Winterfell they have even less time for the boys. And yes family members (parents especially) are important because no one cares about your kids as much as you do. And Robb is King, 16, and acting as a man. Rickon is 4, Bran is 10 and newly crippled, So no it's not the same as leaving Robb. The 2 girls are prisoners in KL, Cat isn't going to go riding in in full armor slaying the Kings Guard and freeing Sansa (and presumably Arya). My opinion is shes isn't a whole lot of good to Robb where he is, so that leaves Bran and Rickon.I assume you didn't live with your teachers and your teacher's children. And I never said that parents are unnecessary, what I don't understand is why you give so much value to blood relations ? Are Maester Luwin or Old Nan incapable of properly taking care of Bran and Rickon because they're not related by blood ? The kids grew up with them, they're much better suited at raising them than Hoster, the Blackfish or Lysa would.She had some good advice, and some bad. But as I said social mores of the time are that her cousel won't be heeded anyway, Renly didn't align with them, and Theon and the Westerlings did betray them, so what practical value did her counsel serve? Even if I conceed she was the most brilliant politically savy person in all of Westeros, no one listened, so what good did it do?What's the advice you'd consider bad, for example ? And I already gave you an example of the practical value of her advice : it saved Jeyne Westerling's life.Yes my point is the Frey's aren't a good marriage alience for 2 of your 5 children. I'm saying Frey is her fathers sworn banner man and she had to give up two of her kids just to have him let them cross the street. My point is this doesn't demonstrates a keen negotiating mind. Yes she did what needed to be done and I have always given her credit for procuring the Twins, but having children to marry off isn't an advantage that will serve Robb further along in his war campaign. And do you think she would have married any of her kids to Freys under normal circumstances? probably not, so yes the rich powerfull 2nd tier Freys are an undesireable match.So who exactly is "worthy" of the mighty Starks ? Another Great House ? There aren't any matches available, and it's not even the way things usually go. There are only 7 Great Houses anyway, they can't always keep marrying each other without ending like the Habsburgs, so what they do is marry their bannermen's children. See : Mace Tyrell and Alerie Hightower, Jon Arryn and Jeyne Royce, Hoster Tully and Minisa Whent, Stannis Baratheon and Selyse Florent, Kevan Lannister and Dorna Swyft etc. Alerie Hightower is the only one of that lot to be of almost equal standing. House Swyft is not even a noble house but a knightly one. Under normal circumstances the kids would have been married to Ned's bannermen, as said in the text. So who exactly do you think would have been a more suitable match for Arya or Robb ? They needed to go South, the Twins is the only place where the army can cross for hundreds of miles, it's defended by about 4,000 men and there's a castle on each side of the river. Maybe you think the better strategy would have been to lay siege to the twins for a couple of years ?What you're calling "perserverence", I call wasting time and not being particularly valuable while your other children need you.So your advice when facing misogyny is to just accept it and go home because it's pointless. That'll go far.Also : I took a lot of heat around here for saying I never bought the fact that Cat didn't go back to her boys, and I find it way more believable that in the show she at least expresses a strong desire to go to Bran and Rick, In the books I think the most we get is her thinking that the boys must think poorly of her, not she misses them. Now wherever you believe the best place for her is, she should at least want to be with her youngest children, even if she stays elsewhere. So this is one thing I feel the show has done better than the books /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> .Catelyn does want to go home to Bran and Rickon, she just doesn't want to leave her 15-year-old fighting a war on his own. I also find it very believable that someone would wish to stay with their dying father rather than immediately go home to the well-protected and well-cared for children."As she slept amidst the rolling grasslands Catelyn dreamt that Bran was whole again, that Arya and Sansa held hands, that Rickon was still a babe at her breast. Robb, crownless, played with a wooden sword, and when all were safe asleep, she found Ned in her bed, smiling." "Fate drives me south again, Catelyn thought as she sipped the astringent tea, when it is north I should be going, north to home. She had written to Bran and Rickon, that last night at Riverrun. I do not forget you, my sweet ones, you must believe that. It is only that your brother needs me more.""She knelt before the Mother. 'My lady, look down on this battle with a mother's eyes. They are all sons, every one. Spare them if you can, and spare my own sons as well. Watch over Robb and Bran and Rickon. Would that I were with them" "I have come so many thousands of leagues, and for what ? Who have I served ? I have lost my daughters, Robb does not want me, and Bran and Rickon must surely think me a cold and unnatural mother. I was not even with Ned when he died..."
					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 26 May 2012 - 10:52 PM.
1972	House Martell	2012-05-27	I assume you didn't live with your teachers and your teacher's children. And I never said that parents are unnecessary, what I don't understand is why you give so much value to blood relations ? Are Maester Luwin or Old Nan incapable of properly taking care of Bran and Rickon because they're not related by blood ? The kids grew up with them, they're much better suited at raising them than Hoster, the Blackfish or Lysa would.Do you have children? And "blood" relation is not important, but being a parent and having a childs life and well being your responsibility and yours alone is something that no one else can be expected to be responsible for. I've taught kids and I have my own and they are nothing alike, a sister or grandmother or family member is the closest possible substitute but some maester or "old nan" is not. And Maester Luwin has many responsibilities, even more so since he has been left to run Winterfell, he is not a nanny and his job is not to raise Bran and Rickon, and Old Nan is hundred yrs old.What's the advice you'd consider bad, for example ? And I already gave you an example of the practical value of her advice : it saved Jeyne Westerling's life.Releasing Jamie was a bad ideaSo who exactly is "worthy" of the mighty Starks ? Another Great House ? There aren't any matches available, and it's not even the way things usually go. There are only 7 Great Houses anyway, they can't always keep marrying each other without ending like the Habsburgs, so what they do is marry their bannermen's children. See : Mace Tyrell and Alerie Hightower, Jon Arryn and Jeyne Royce, Hoster Tully and Minisa Whent, Stannis Baratheon and Selyse Florent, Kevan Lannister and Dorna Swyft etc. Alerie Hightower is the only one of that lot to be of almost equal standing. House Swyft is not even a noble house but a knightly one. Under normal circumstances the kids would have been married to Ned's bannermen, as said in the text. So who exactly do you think would have been a more suitable match for Arya or Robb ? They needed to go South, the Twins is the only place where the army can cross for hundreds of miles, it's defended by about 4,000 men and there's a castle on each side of the river. Maybe you think the better strategy would have been to lay siege to the twins for a couple of years ?You're putting way too much into this, my only point with the Freys was that it wasn't a demonstration of Cats great negotiating skill. All she did was marry off her kids. I'm saying this one act didn't prove her value in future negotiations (unless you count the possibilty of trying to marry off Bran and Rickon).So your advice when facing misogyny is to just accept it and go home because it's pointless. That'll go far.When you have young children who need you is not the time to go off into grand social conciousness changing endevors. Or if you are then fine but don't say she wanted to be with her kids but couldn't. She made a concious decision that she should "play" war with Robb and that she was a valuable strategist and politican. I disagree with that assesment of Cat Stark and I see no reason why I should think otherwise. She talks of how she would sit and wait for her father to return from his trips, it's not like he took her with him often to sit in on negotiations and dealings with lords. Ned didn't bring her along on any of his war campaigns so why should I believe she would be of value to Robb?  And I'm not saying she is heartless and hates her young boys, obviously she cares for them, i'm saying she over values her importance to Robb and would be better served seeing to the needs of her 2 youngest children, who she could help at the time, but instead feels the need to stay away from home and be involved in things she is not qualified to deal with.
					
					
							Edited by House Martell, 27 May 2012 - 01:17 AM.
1973	Evamitchelle	2012-05-27	Do you have children? And "blood" relation is not important, but being a parent and having a childs life and well being your responsibility and yours alone is something that no one else can be expected to be responsible for. I've taught kids and I have my own and they are nothing alike, a sister or grandmother or family member is the closest possible substitute but some maester or "old nan" is not. And Maester Luwin has many responsibilities, even more so since he has been left to run Winterfell, he is not a nanny and his job is not to raise Bran and Rickon, and Old Nan is hundred yrs old.Why ? Blood is not everything, otherwise adoption and foster homes would be worthless. Sure, usually the best is to have both parents around, but when they're not there I don't see why you think a *family member* is the best possible substitute, especially in this case where the kids have never even met those family members. Luwin is not some maester either, he's literally been there since they were born (you know, since he's the one who delivered them all). It's true he has a lot of responsibilities in WF, but hey, so did Ned and Cat, as the Lord and Lady of the castle (which is why they weren't raising their kids in the first place, handing them over to Septa Mordane, Maester Luwin and Ser Rodrik Cassel among others). What I really don't get is your statement that only "family members" are adequate substitutes. It doesn't give you magical child-rearing powers. And you bring up the teacher thing a second time, but it's a false equivalency here. Unless you actually lived with your students, shared all of their meals, healed them every time they were sick and delivered them from their mothers too ?(And no I don't have kids, though I do have a pre-teen sister).Releasing Jamie was a bad ideaThat's not giving advice. You're putting way too much into this, my only point with the Freys was that it wasn't a demonstration of Cats great negotiating skill. All she did was marry off her kids. I'm saying this one act didn't prove her value in future negotiations (unless you count the possibilty of trying to marry off Bran and Rickon).It's not a demonstration that she's incompetent either. When you have young children who need you is not the time to go off into grand social conciousness changing endevors. Or if you are then fine but don't say she wanted to be with her kids but couldn't. She made a concious decision that she should "play" war with Robb and that she was a valuable strategist and politican. I disagree with that assesment of Cat Stark and I see no reason why I should think otherwise. She talks of how she would sit and wait for her father to return from his trips, it's not like he took her with him often to sit in on negotiations and dealings with lords. Ned didn't bring her along on any of his war campaigns so why should I believe she would be of value to Robb?  And I'm not saying she is heartless and hates her young boys, obviously she cares for them, i'm saying she over values her importance to Robb and would be better served seeing to the needs of her 2 youngest children, who she could help at the time, but instead feels the need to stay away from home and be involved in things she is not qualified to deal with.Robb is one of her young children. Even by Westeros standards he's not an adult yet, the age of majority being at 16. And she was also staying at Riverrun because her father was dying. He died at the beginning of ASoS, when Bran and Rickon had already been "killed". Even if you don't see Cat's political proficiency, I think you can still agree that a dying parent is a good reason to stick around Riverrun, no ? Or are Bran and Rickon's needs so urgent that Cat doesn't even have time to stay with her father before his death ?And refusing to be sent home by your teenage son is not "grand social consciousness changing endeavors". She's not trying to change inheritance laws or put matriarchy in place, she's just refusing to let a 15-year-old order her around (unlike what's happening in the show). And she's not "playing" at war, she's trying to stop it. Unlike Robb.
1974	insertname	2012-05-27	Regarding her negotiating skill, I think the Freys ARE a good example. Frey was in a position of power. He knew Robb had to pass. He know that Robb can't attack him (he would lose too many men). He's clearly in the superior negotiating position. And he has already shown he doesn't care about vows to his liege lord (or anyone really). Marrying off only 2 children is a small price for getting the passage and a few thousand soliders, imo.
1975	House Snow	2012-05-27	One other reason I like the change of giving Jaimie up before finding out about Bran/Rickon is that it is going to make her decision seem more justified in retrospect, as if she foresaw that you can't hold onto your cards forever or something else will take the decision out of your hands.  Now she can say to Robb see, this is what happens when you wait.  She couldn't really say that in the book and fans hated her for it.  She and Robb are going to be emotional when they find out no matter what.  I'm not sure why its so important to people that Jaimie be there (or TAlisa not be there) when it happens.  And for Robb the news of Bran and Rickon, along with the message from Mom of see what happens when you wait, provides a nice impetus/motivation for the wedding and now we will have an actual relationship before it happens as opposed to Bran and Rickon dead, straight to marriage non-buildup we got in the book.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 27 May 2012 - 07:31 AM.
1976	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-27	One other reason I like the change of giving Jaimie up before finding out about Bran/Rickon is that it is going to make her decision seem more justified in retrospect, as if she foresaw that you can't hold onto your cards forever or something else will take the decision out of your hands.  Now she can say to Robb see, this is what happens when you wait.  She couldn't really say that in the book and fans hated her for it.  She and Robb are going to be emotional when they find out no matter what.  I'm not sure why its so important to people that Jaimie be there (or TAlisa not be there) when it happens.  And for Robb the news of Bran and Rickon, along with the message from Mom of see what happens when you wait, provides a nice impetus/motivation for the wedding and now we will have an actual relationship before it happens as opposed to Bran and Rickon dead, straight to marriage non-buildup we got in the book.agreed.. Cat actually seems more rational on the show because she was attempting to diffuse a highly unstable situation.  In the book she comes off as being so grief-stricken she can't think straight.
1977	wolverine	2012-05-27	Regarding her negotiating skill, I think the Freys ARE a good example. Frey was in a position of power. He knew Robb had to pass. He know that Robb can't attack him (he would lose too many men). He's clearly in the superior negotiating position. And he has already shown he doesn't care about vows to his liege lord (or anyone really). Marrying off only 2 children is a small price for getting the passage and a few thousand soliders, imo.Sounds like a huge price to cross a bridge protected by someone sworn to the people who want to cross.Bringing up the point about Frey being a dishonorable piece of shit though, does that make Robb's betrayal of his promised marraige less of a mistake.  He betrayed his word to a man whom he had to negotiate with to cross a bridge even though the mans oaths should have forced him to openly let him cross.
1978	wolverine	2012-05-27	agreed.. Cat actually seems more rational on the show because she was attempting to diffuse a highly unstable situation.  In the book she comes off as being so grief-stricken she can't think straight.Don't they make it seem like it is a given in the show that Jaime will almost certainly be killed by Robb's angry soldiers?  I agree that the show has once again made Cat more likeable and dependable than the book.
1979	David Selig	2012-05-27	I'm sure Cat believes she is doing the best thing for her family, I just disagree. I am empathetic to Cat, her suffering is heart breaking. But she's not experienced in war, her counsel and actions at times have terrible consequences. And based on the male dominated social mores of the time there is no reason for even her to believe her advice will be valued (is that right? No, but that is the way it is). So she is untrained, inexperienced, and is most likely going to be ignored by the men of the North and Riverlands (her son included), so why should she believe that is where she can do the most good? But that's clearly wrong. The important people on the Stark (Robb, Edmure, the Blackfish) side listened to Catelyn and followed her advice most of the time or at least gave it a serious consideration. Sure, they didn't always agree with her, but that's the way it goes for advisers. Until Winterfell fell, Robb followed her advice on quite a few important matters - the Frey deal, replacing Greatjon as commander of the foot, sending an envoy to Renly. Untrained? Hoster Tully, a guy who seem to have been a way better politician than any Stark in recent memory, was the one who trained Catelyn. Inexperienced? She's certainly a lot more experienced than Robb the 15 year old kid. 15 years as Lady of the North, with Ned clearly valuing opinion highly and not hesitating for a second to to put her in charge of the North when he went South instead of appointing someone else, is nothing to sneer at.. I disagree with that assesment of Cat Stark and I see no reason why I should think otherwise. She talks of how she would sit and wait for her father to return from his trips, it's not like he took her with him often to sit in on negotiations and dealings with lords. Well, that's not really true. She travelled often with his father all around the Riverlands (it's mentioned in the chapter when comes to the Crossroads Inn) but wasn't always with him - he travelled all the time. But it's pretty clear he taught her a lot.Don't they make it seem like it is a given in the show that Jaime will almost certainly be killed by Robb's angry soldiers?  I agree that the show has once again made Cat more likeable and dependable than the book. Sure, if you like one dimensional cliched characters...I prefer Book Cat, she's far more interesting and unique.
1980	birdsong66	2012-05-27	Untrained? Hoster Tully, a guy who seem to have been a way better politician than any Stark in recent memory, was the one who trained Catelyn.Well, that's not really true. She travelled often with his father all around the Riverlands (it's mentioned in the chapter when comes to the Crossroads Inn) but wasn't always with him - he travelled all the time. But it's pretty clear he taught her a lot.IIRC, there was a point during one of her chapters that she reflects on the deaths of her two older brothers, which left her as a substitute eldest son for Hoster, until Edmure, and substitute mother for her younger siblings.  In all, it is her ability to assume those roles that she feels made her Hoster's favorite child.  That Hoster would endeavor to teach her seems likely.  Also, the way that Catelyn and Brynden communicate in the books rather suggests that she was schooled in the way of Westerosi politics and warfare by both men, be it deliberately, or because she made it a point to pay attention when present.
1981	House Martell	2012-05-27	Why ? Blood is not everything, otherwise adoption and foster homes would be worthless. Sure, usually the best is to have both parents around, but when they're not there I don't see why you think a *family member* is the best possible substitute, especially in this case where the kids have never even met those family members. Luwin is not some maester either, he's literally been there since they were born (you know, since he's the one who delivered them all). It's true he has a lot of responsibilities in WF, but hey, so did Ned and Cat, as the Lord and Lady of the castle (which is why they weren't raising their kids in the first place, handing them over to Septa Mordane, Maester Luwin and Ser Rodrik Cassel among others). What I really don't get is your statement that only "family members" are adequate substitutes. It doesn't give you magical child-rearing powers. And you bring up the teacher thing a second time, but it's a false equivalency here. Unless you actually lived with your students, shared all of their meals, healed them every time they were sick and delivered them from their mothers too ?(And no I don't have kids, though I do have a pre-teen sister).I never used the term "blood", but I did use parent or family member, whether that family be adopted or whatever, family is the key, not teacher, Maester, or nanny. Maester Luwin is sworn to Winterfell not even the Starks and his responsibility was never to raise the children, his only roll with them was as a teacher, and now he has his old responsibilities and the day to day running of Winterfell. And again you refer to the kids being "handed over" to other people, yes the kids had teachers (like most children do) but they also had parents (until Ned died and Cat ran off for 2 yrs) who I'm sure played a role in the children upbringing. And I don't want to sound condescending but really until you have a child whose your responsibility it's impossible to understand, I never understood it until it happened and there's no way to adequately describe it (at least I do not posses the ability to do so),Robb is one of her young children. Even by Westeros standards he's not an adult yet, the age of majority being at 16. And she was also staying at Riverrun because her father was dying. He died at the beginning of ASoS, when Bran and Rickon had already been "killed". Even if you don't see Cat's political proficiency, I think you can still agree that a dying parent is a good reason to stick around Riverrun, no ? Or are Bran and Rickon's needs so urgent that Cat doesn't even have time to stay with her father before his death ?And refusing to be sent home by your teenage son is not "grand social consciousness changing endeavors". She's not trying to change inheritance laws or put matriarchy in place, she's just refusing to let a 15-year-old order her around (unlike what's happening in the show). And she's not "playing" at war, she's trying to stop it. Unlike Robb.Robb is King and is off to war, either you're grown enough to lead men and rule or you are not. If he was not then she should have sent him home, so calling Robb a young boy who needs his mom is silly. And fine if Cat wanted to say her good byes to her father then she could have done so, that would have only took one night. He slept 90% of the time, didn't know who she was, and there was nothing she could have done for him, so there is no reason she needed to spend weeks with him when she could have been doing something for Bran and Rickon.and I said the men of the North and Riverlands wouldn't listen to her, nothing about letting her son "push her around". Standards of the day were that her place wasn't at war yet she felt the need to be there,
1982	House Martell	2012-05-27	Untrained? Hoster Tully, a guy who seem to have been a way better politician than any Stark in recent memory, was the one who trained Catelyn.Inexperienced? She's certainly a lot more experienced than Robb the 15 year old kid. 15 years as Lady of the North, with Ned clearly valuing opinion highly and not hesitating for a second to to put her in charge of the North when he went South instead of appointing someone else, is nothing to sneer at.Well, that's not really true. She travelled often with his father all around the Riverlands (it's mentioned in the chapter when comes to the Crossroads Inn) but wasn't always with him - he travelled all the time. But it's pretty clear he taught her a lot.She said she hadn't been to that inn since she was a girl, so young she was unrecognizable to the inn keeper (so pre-teen, had a 16-17 yr old Cat been to the inn she wouldn't be so different now), and I doubt Hoster included a very young girl at many of his negotiations and dealings with Lords. Now is she more trained and skilled then say Lysa Tully-Aryan? Yes, but I don't think that means she is an expert.IIRC, there was a point during one of her chapters that she reflects on the deaths of her two older brothers, which left her as a substitute eldest son for Hoster, until Edmure, and substitute mother for her younger siblings.  In all, it is her ability to assume those roles that she feels made her Hoster's favorite child.  That Hoster would endeavor to teach her seems likely.  Also, the way that Catelyn and Brynden communicate in the books rather suggests that she was schooled in the way of Westerosi politics and warfare by both men, be it deliberately, or because she made it a point to pay attention when present.Fine even if she had some skill, her advice wasn't taken (there's no reason to believe the men would) and she had very young children who needed her. It's never been a question of whether she should have gone back to WF and worked on her sewing skills, it's about whether she was better served being Robbs adviser at war, or being responsible for her young children who have been through a lot and have been without any family for over a year. And really this discussion all started because I said that book Cat never even expressed as much desire to go be with her young sons as TV Cat has. Writing the boys a letter from Riverrun after being gone for over a year, and lighting a candle for them hardly equates to the gut wrenching desire Michelle Fairley displays in the show. And lets be honest the real reason Cat goes where she goes is because GRRM needed a POV character there...
1983	Evamitchelle	2012-05-27	Sounds like a huge price to cross a bridge protected by someone sworn to the people who want to cross.The Freys are sworn to Riverrun, not the North.snipI think this is where we agree to disagree. You obviously think that children (under 10) are more important than anything else, and that anything that is not immediately productive is useless. I just don't agree with that.
1984	birdsong66	2012-05-28	Fine even if she had some skill, her advice wasn't taken (there's no reason to believe the men would) and she had very young children who needed her. It's never been a question of whether she should have gone back to WF and worked on her sewing skills, it's about whether she was better served being Robbs adviser at war, or being responsible for her young children who have been through a lot and have been without any family for over a year. And really this discussion all started because I said that book Cat never even expressed as much desire to go be with her young sons as TV Cat has. Writing the boys a letter from Riverrun after being gone for over a year, and lighting a candle for them hardly equates to the gut wrenching desire Michelle Fairley displays in the show. And lets be honest the real reason Cat goes where she goes is because GRRM needed a POV character there...This "little babies in Winterfell" argument....So, just for shits and giggles, readers would prefer that Catelyn, being a good and dutiful mommy, returns to Winterfell as is her duty as a mother of five, leaving two in Kings Landing, and one leading an army against the throne, to resume her mommy and me duties with her two youngest....one of which was old enough to witness a beheading at the hands of his father....but whatever, they are young, and need their mommy.Enter Theon, and the sacking of Winterfell.  Wow.  Okay, well now we have a mother of five, two still in Kings Landing, one sending Theon to the Iron Islands and still leading an army against the Throne but stranded b/c there was no parley with Freys, and two with her....to bear witness to A) her death, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> her multiple rapes,  C) her bending the knee, or some combination of the three.But she was there, so now we can like her more.  If it wasn't for Jon.....Give me a break, please.Like ThisQuoteMultiQuote
1985	House Martell	2012-05-28	Enter Theon, and the sacking of Winterfell.  Wow.  Okay, well now we have a mother of five, two still in Kings Landing, one sending Theon to the Iron Islands and still leading an army against the Throne but stranded b/c there was no parley with Freys, and two with her....to bear witness to A) her death, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> her multiple rapes,  C) her bending the knee, or some combination of the three.But maybe if she was running her own household Theon doesn't take it. We already have one example of Cassel wanting to send a large force with Cat to KL and her over ruling him. So maybe if she's there she doesn't let Ser Roddrik take ALL of the men off to Torren Square and they are able to throw the Ironborn back. Or if Cat's there maybe Theon doesn't even try it, he specifically mentions a big part of his plan is knowing Cassel and how the old knight will ride out in full force. If the wise and experienced Catelyn is there to make sure WF remains adequately protected Theon doesn't even make a move.
1986	House Martell	2012-05-28	So, just for shits and giggles, readers would prefer that Catelyn, being a good and dutiful mommy, returns to Winterfell as is her duty as a mother of five, leaving two in Kings Landing, and one leading an army against the throne, to resume her mommy and me duties with her two youngest..Also for shits and giggle this discussion started because I felt the 2 instances in the show where Cat desperately wants to go home but is pulled in another directions were more believable than the feelings she shows us in the book (being away for over a year and sending 1 letter from Riverrun, and lighting a candle in the little church near Storms End). We can debate where she "should" be but my comment was the show did a better job of showing that she truly did want to be with the boys, while book Cat seems happier playing war with Robb.
1987	birdsong66	2012-05-29	Also for shits and giggle this discussion started because I felt the 2 instances in the show where Cat desperately wants to go home but is pulled in another directions were more believable than the feelings she shows us in the book (being away for over a year and sending 1 letter from Riverrun, and lighting a candle in the little church near Storms End). We can debate where she "should" be but my comment was the show did a better job of showing that she truly did want to be with the boys, while book Cat seems happier playing war with Robb.And my point is that it is because a good deal of dislike for the character of Catelyn is based on the idea that she wasn't with her children, she was mean to Jon, she's an idiot that lacks military skills, or some combination of the three.  The show validates this interpretation in small measure by making her desire to be in Winterfell more pronounced and overt, or believable.  It is a change to the character provided in the show specifically to address this idea but it lacks substance, nuance, and is frustrating because it presents a infinitely more "modern" interpretation within a non-modern environment.  Her presence with Robb was necessary because he is a boy king, who initially needed someone with him he could trust and who possessed a level of political acumen he lacked, which proved helpful.  HBO has taken the majority of those moments wherein Catelyn proves herself a valuable and shrewd advisor, and given them to Robb as a means to build his character.  I get it, but the result is leaving little for HBOCat but to express a more overt desire to return to Winterfell.Overall, HBO chose to soften Catelyn and in doing so, diminished the character overall.  This idea that she should have been with her youngest children or she hates Jon contributed significantly to that decision, as most of the general dislike for the character falls into either of those two schools of thought.  Wanting to avoid this, D&D went this route, modernizing her motivations/character into a very shallow "mother" archetype that satisfies the majority.The remaining minority simply didn't have an issue with Catelyn in the first place.  I'm one of those.
1988	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-29	Overall, HBO chose to soften Catelyn and in doing so, diminished the character overall.  This idea that she should have been with her youngest children or she hates Jon contributed significantly to that decision, as most of the general dislike for the character falls into either of those two schools of thought.  Wanting to avoid this, D&D went this route, modernizing her motivations/character into a very shallow "mother" archetype that satisfies the majority.Do you not think part of the change happened naturally when they chose to raise the ages. If Robb was the same age as book Robb it makes perfect sense for Cat to need to be with her boy as he goes to war and it is the most sensible place for her to be. Now they've raised the ages her sticking around a 19/20 year old makes her leaving younger children stand out more as we'd consider Robb an adult. So they stressed show Cat's use to Robb by having her ask to go then him asking her to be a diplomat as she was the only one he had of stature to the South. It changes Cat's portrayel and combined with how other women are portrayed on the show I can see why some people see it as leaning towards sexist but I don't think translating the story exactly would have worked with an older Robb.
1989	House Martell	2012-05-29	Overall, HBO chose to soften Catelyn and in doing so, diminished the character overall.  This idea that she should have been with her youngest children or she hates Jon contributed significantly to that decision, as most of the general dislike for the character falls into either of those two schools of thought.  Wanting to avoid this, D&D went this route, modernizing her motivations/character into a very shallow "mother" archetype that satisfies the majority.Firstly I don't dislike Cat, she is complex and interesting. I enjoyed her chapters (unlike some Dany chapters I found my self skimming through). But because of her complexity and realistic flawed nature I can disagree with some of her decisions. In the show she never does go back to Winterfell and the story would be boring if she did (so I'm glad she doesn't). But I don't think showing more emotion and longing for her boys makes her "shallow", my personal opinion is that it just makes her a more realistic mother. Maybe other people who read the book got that feeling of longing from Cat, I didn't and it seems the HBO writers/producers didn't either so they included additional material.
1990	lilenadheas	2012-06-01	@house Martell. I'm sorry, a more realistic mother? Do you mind clarifying? I think that term is a little confusing, and I don't want to put words in your mouth by accusing you of misogyny, or of wanting to put women in their place i.e the kitchen.
Mothers are not one dimensional. There is no set of rules when it comes to mothering, or correct codes of behaviour or feeling. Some mothers care very little about their children, but they are still a "realistic" definition of motherhood.
1991	House Martell	2012-06-01	@house Martell. I'm sorry, a more realistic mother? Do you mind clarifying? I think that term is a little confusing, and I don't want to put words in your mouth by accusing you of misogyny, or of wanting to put women in their place i.e the kitchen.Mothers are not one dimensional. There is no set of rules when it comes to mothering, or correct codes of behaviour or feeling. Some mothers care very little about their children, but they are still a "realistic" definition of motherhood.Your "accusations" have already been addressed, I'm not rehashing those arguments, if you want to know then read the thread. Perhaps "realistic" isn't the most accurate word. A women who we're told does everything for her children and loves them more than anything should want to be near them. She's gone from them for months (well over a year), and in that time she writes them 1 letter saying "don't be mad at me", and lights a candle for all her kids.
1992	lilenadheas	2012-06-02	actually, "realistic" is an extremely misleading word that could undercut your previous posts, that's all I was pointing out.
1993	evening gale	2012-06-04	A grieving mother is someone everyone can empathize with. A worried mother, not as much.So true.  My opinion of Catelyn went down several notches after that scene.  I just didn't get it.  Her decision did not seem in keeping with her character. She suddenly seemed weak and selfish.  I would have had far more understanding had she assumed her boys were dead.  I was so annoyed that I began calling her names (behind her back of course).
1994	The Bloody Boar	2012-07-08	I think Cat's motivation barely makes sense in either the book or the TV series. Trading the almost guaranteed security of having a highly valuable hostage to exchange for your daughters for the highly dubious chance that the Kingslayer will keep his word, assuming he's able to keep his word, assuming he even makes it back to King's Landing? I don't care how crazed and irrational a mother's grief makes you, this whole plot point is force-inserted by GRRM so that he can F the Starks. F-ing the Starks is one tried and tested way for GRRM to provoke strong emotions in his readers.
However, there is one way in which the TV series makes more sense than the book: it looks as if Catelyn has to get Jaime out of there or the unruly northerners will kill him - and her daughters would then be killed by Joffrey and Cersei in revenge as sure as night follows day. All they had to do to make this clearer was give Catelyn one line, like "I'm going to have to do something or Jaime will be dead by morning and my daughters will soon follow" (ok, something a bit better written than that). If Catelyn could just have said one line like that before going in to see Jaime, it would have helped the audience make sense of it.
Of course, it would still have made much more sense for her to just protect Jaime by removing him from danger (disguise him, hide him in her tent, etc) rather than just letting him go...
1995	7V3N	2012-07-08	If Jaime didn't swear an oath, then Oathkeeper's namesake is gone..
1996	Ran	2012-07-09	Trading the almost guaranteed security of having a highly valuable hostage to exchange for your daughtersExcept Robb was never going to exchange Jaime for Arya and Sansa. And Jaime as a hostage never stopped Tywin from ravaging the riverlands, from trying to force the crossing of the Red Fork, for plotting with the Spicers and Freys to bring about the Red Wedding.Jaime's functional value as a hostage was, in other words, nearly zero -- the only real value he had was not as a hostage, but simply as a prisoner who could not take part in the military campaign against the Starks. He had some modest value as a battlefield commander, although he wasn't exactly a brilliant one, so... who knows how much that was worth.for the highly dubious chance that the Kingslayer will keep his wordAs Jaime realizes, she's trusting in the fact that Tyrion made a public statement before the entire court that he would exchange Sansa and Arya for Jaime. She's trusting Tyrion needing to maintain Lannister reputation ("A Lannister always pays his debts"), not Jaime. Catelyn thinks about this as well, later on.
1997	The Bloody Boar	2012-07-12	Except Robb was never going to exchange Jaime for Arya and Sansa. And Jaime as a hostage never stopped Tywin from ravaging the riverlands, from trying to force the crossing of the Red Fork, for plotting with the Spicers and Freys to bring about the Red Wedding.Jaime's functional value as a hostage was, in other words, nearly zero -- the only real value he had was not as a hostage, but simply as a prisoner who could not take part in the military campaign against the Starks. He had some modest value as a battlefield commander, although he wasn't exactly a brilliant one, so... who knows how much that was worth.As Jaime realizes, she's trusting in the fact that Tyrion made a public statement before the entire court that he would exchange Sansa and Arya for Jaime. She's trusting Tyrion needing to maintain Lannister reputation ("A Lannister always pays his debts"), not Jaime. Catelyn thinks about this as well, later on.Yeah, but that doesn't figure in the TV series.I'm saying TV Cat's motivation made sense - but wasn't made clear enough to the audience. My wife (who hasn't read the books) was like 'Why in the hell did she let him go??!' and I'm sure plenty of other people in the audience were the same.
1998	Masamune	2012-07-12	I simply don't understand why D&D felt the need to dick around with Robb/Cat's story arc so drastically. First we have the "gutting" of Robb's character with the ridiculous love interest sub-plot. Then we have Cat letting an able-bodied Jaime (a guy who moments ago battered a man to death with his cuffs) go sailing off with one woman because things happened to get a bit rowdy at the camp. *Then* even when we draw some motivation for her actions (protecting Sansa & Arya should Jaime have been slain), she explains it was to buy their freedom and doesn't make any point about the Karstarks forcing her hand. It's all so disjointed and contrived. Why couldn't they leave well alone?
1999	Ran	2012-07-12	Yeah, but that doesn't figure in the TV series.I was refuting your complaint about the book version being "force inserted" and . I'm taking by the "Yeah" that you are walking back from that, which is cool.The TV show surely made a blunder by making it very clear that her motivation was fear that Jaime would be killed, and dubiousness that any  men in the camp would protect him from the Karstarks, and then having her never mention it again while Robb rants and raves and she seems to accept the blame. It was very poorly handled.
2000	Zar Lannister	2012-07-12	Ran, I'm probably hijacking the Catelyn thread with a Lannister question, but do you think the way the show delivered Jaime's escape attempt and the killing of Alton was out of character as compared to the somewhat witty attempt involving Cleos in the books?
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 12 July 2012 - 03:02 PM.
2001	Le Cygne	2012-07-12	It's like they had two thoughts in mind here, make Catelyn grovel to Robb, and make Jaime out to be a "monster" and a "beast" (their words).  Then force fit everything else to make that so.
Catelyn ends up looking stupid and weak (in the book, she was neither) and Jaime ends up uncharacteristically killing a Lannister (in the book, he called Cleos coz, warned him of danger when they were under attack, and later expressed sympathy to his aunt, who he liked).
So not only do the characters no longer resemble the book characters, but so much is lost from a storytelling perspective.
In the book, Tyrion attempted to rescue Jaime, and then later we see Jaime rescues Tyrion.  Jaime's swordfighting skills are brought to the fore in the book escape attempt, and this underscores what he is about to lose.  
And the oath is central to the Jaime/Catelyn/Brienne dynamic that continues right through the latest book.  But they just bypassed it on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 12 July 2012 - 11:20 PM.
2002	evening gale	2012-07-13	@ House Martell, you have the right of it.  Book Catelyn abandoned her two little ones because she did not want to let her eldest grow up. I can't decide which motivation makes more sense, but either way both book and tv Catelyn have control issues.  I would just argue that her consistency is reflective of her inflexibility.  If 
she were a real person I would say she had a personality disorder.
2003	House Martell	2012-09-18	@ House Martell, you have the right of it.  Book Catelyn abandoned her two little ones because she did not want to let her eldest grow up. I can't decide which motivation makes more sense, but either way both book and tv Catelyn have control issues.  I would just argue that her consistency is reflective of her inflexibility.  Ifshe were a real person I would say she had a personality disorder.I've been rereading ACoK lately and her references to being with her dying father have jumped out with me more than before also. Not only does she feel she needs to be with Robb instead of Bran/Rickon but also her delirious dying father instead of her young and recently crippled children. Obviously Hoster is in the MOST dire situation of all, on deaths door step, but there is absolutely nothing Cat can do for him and he hardly knows she's there most of the time. So this too plays into the "control issue" you bring up. She worries too much about things she can't control and ignores raising her young children and running her house (things she can control). The whole Jamie scenario too seems to be her grasping for some type of involvement in the situation. I have no doubt she has good intentions and she seems lost without Ned and is thrust into a unmanageable situation.
2004	Joyful Union	2012-09-19	So basically what the majority of you are saying is that the two Davids are terrible writers and the show is mediocre??? I mean, the show has it flaws, but some of you make it sound like a blight upon television, a sign of the coming apocalypse and a deep betrayal of the source novels.
2005	Winter's Lion	2012-09-20	The TV show surely made a blunder by making it very clear that her motivation was fear that Jaime would be killed, and dubiousness that any  men in the camp would protect him from the Karstarks, and then having her never mention it again while Robb rants and raves and she seems to accept the blame. It was very poorly handled.I agree with your previous point about Catelyn's motivation in the show vs. in the books. I find her thought process in the TV show to be more appealing: "The Stark soldiers all want to kill Jaime --> They'll kill him by morning --> if Jamie dies, the Lannisters will kill the girls, too" compared to the "grieving mother loses all common sense" that is seen in the book. It's a theme that is seen with both Catelyn and Cersei - women can't think straight when it comes to their children - and I'm not a huge fan of it. As you say, the should could have done a little better with making Cat's thought process clear in the show.
2006	Ran	2012-09-20	...that is seen in the book.Err. Correction. That you see in the book. Many others have begged to differ, at length, on just what the book shows. For my part, Catelyn's actions are very rationally motivated, and the idea that they are nonsensical reflects more on those making that argument then it does on what Martin's writing.
2007	Winter's Lion	2012-09-21	Err. Correction. That you see in the book. Many others have begged to differ, at length, on just what the book shows. For my part, Catelyn's actions are very rationally motivated, and the idea that they are nonsensical reflects more on those making that argument then it does on what Martin's writing.I never questioned the quality of Martin's writing, so there is no reason to get defensive. You are correct that Catelyn VII does not lay out her thought process step by step, but it is shown in the book that she is beside herself with grief, and that, aside from questioning him, she is not entirely sure what she wants to do with him but goes to see him anyway. Hence my "grieving mother loses all common sense" comment.
2008	Jolene Brown	2012-09-21	I don't necessarily agree with the idea that she is "beside herself with grief" and completely irrational in the books (she rebuts those quite dignifiedly later who try to use that as an excuse for her and says that she knew exactly what she was doing), but I also don't think if that was the reason it would be such a terrible problem.  I don't think the idea often promoted by defenders of the TV show's approach, that they are somehow "fixing" a problem from the books by supposedly making Cat's decision more logical and making Robb's love interest supposedly more appealing, is actually positive.  To me, that is a more simplistic approach in which everything has to be reducible to 1 + 1 = 2 and all the heroes have to have good reasons for what they do.  I like that Cat and Robb make mistakes in the books and let their emotions sway them.  That was part of what made that storyline so tragic and emotional for me - that they were in an impossible situation and sometimes they didn't make very good decisions, but they suffered far far far far far more than they deserved as a consequence.  They contributed a little to their fate, but they in no way deserved their fate.  It makes me so sad that the show's writers have sort of, in my opinion, dumbed things down and chosen a less complex and rich approach to the story.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 21 September 2012 - 11:53 AM.
2009	Ran	2012-09-22	but it is shown in the book that she is beside herself with griefNo it isn't. She's certainly grieving, but her mental faculties are acute. She puts together a plan involving boosting a prisoner and hostage out of a castle by river, and executes it without a problem. She's thought it through.she is not entirely sure what she wants to do with him but goes to see him anywayBut it doesn't show that. She was going in there to release him, one way or another. She knew why she was going down there. The conversation was her trying to comprehend his crimes and to try and try to make sense of the things he had done to her family. Remember, from her point of view, the Lannister attempt to murder Bran is the first shot in the war.I never questioned the quality of Martin's writing, so there is no reason to get defensive.You're calling the quality into question by your misreading of the text. I prefer to think that's on you rather than on GRRM, to put it bluntly.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 22 September 2012 - 03:43 AM.
2010	Winter's Lion	2012-09-22	No it isn't. She's certainly grieving, but her mental faculties are acute. She puts together a plan involving boosting a prisoner and hostage out of a castle by river, and executes it without a problem. She's thought it through.But it doesn't show that. She was going in there to release him, one way or another. She knew why she was going down there. The conversation was her trying to comprehend his crimes and to try and try to make sense of the things he had done to her family. Remember, from her point of view, the Lannister attempt to murder Bran is the first shot in the war.You're calling the quality into question by your misreading of the text. I prefer to think that's on you rather than on GRRM, to put it bluntly.As I agree with the majority of the points that you have made, I do not see why you feel the need to be so hostile towards me. The very first post I made in this thread was agreeing with your point that the TV show made an error in not being more clear when laying out their verson of Cat's reasoning. You chose to jump on my wording and imply that I'm an idiot. We have both taken different things from the text, which is the beauty of GRRM's writing - he doesn't spell out every. little. point. and so gives the fans the chance to debate what is happening in the story. If you can't be respectful when someone has a different take on the reading, I think that's your problem.
2011	Ran	2012-09-23	The very first post I made in this thread was agreeing with your point that the TV show made an error in not being more clear when laying out their verson of Cat's reasoning.I'm not sure why your agreeing with one thing means I should ignore some other thing I consider wrong. Namely your very much erroneous reading of Catelyn in the last ACoK chapter as "grieving mother loses all common sense". In the hierarchy of things, Catelyn Stark in the novels is a superior character than the one depicted in the TV series -- more complicated, by far. Your agreeing with some minor point of mine about the TV show (the lesser of the two works) doesn't mitigate the fact that you're wrong in you're reading of that chapter, and the fact that you're wrong might be suggested by the fact that you aren't trying to back up your claims that she's "besides herself with grief" or "not entirely sure what she wants to do with him" by refering back to the text and trying to prove how that's an inescapable or even defensible conclusion. Instead, you shift to hand-wringing over how mean I'm being by noting how you're wrong and how it's all relative anyways because the text apparently can say anything you want it to say and I can't hold you to just being wrong in fact.Topics like this have been pretty common for about 14 years now. I've seen a lot of them. When someone comes in and largely seems to sweep aside everything everyone else has been saying and then doesn't stick to the text, it kind of sticks in the craw. If you don't want to cause that reaction, familiarize yourself with how statements like yours are going to be taken, or at least don't start with the passive-aggressive "Don't get defensive" or the even more insulting, "Why are you hostile?!"If you believe your position, defend it -- prove that she was irrational and that she had no clue as to what she was going to do. The only thing you need to do that is to use the book.
2012	Winter's Lion	2012-09-23	I have no problem defending it, yet I notice that you have yet to do the same. You have not cited book text in any of your arguments against me.I never said that Catelyn was not a superior character in the books, nor did I say that the TV show is a superior product (but yes, there are little details that I sometimes like better in the show. These things happen).  I said was not a fan of how GRRM shows Catelyn and Cersei as having compromised common sense because there are mothers. Catelyn with her mini-breakdown after Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fall. The rest of the family keeps functioning, but she just canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t. And Cersei withâ<U+0080>¦pretty much everything Joffrey does. But then again, Joffrey is his own brand of extra special.  I took offense at your remark about â<U+0080><U+009C>â<U+0080>¦reflects more on those making that argument then it does on what Martin's writing.â<U+0080><U+009D> There are several things you could have been implying with that, and none of them good. I understand that you are the founder and webmaster, and you have has these discussions a thousand times before. But thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just it; youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re the face of this website â<U+0080><U+0093> not just some random guy.  Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a way to point out that you think someone is wrong without implying that they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how to read. I work in PR. I know what itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like to discuss the same things over, and over, and over. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s freaking annoying. But people in that position canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let their disdain for the newbies show so plainly, or customers will go elsewhere. Your product is page views and a book, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no different than what any other PR person does, really. You want people to have a positive image of your â<U+0080><U+009C>company.â<U+0080><U+009D> And right now Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m thinking â<U+0080><U+009C>Wow, the first time I ever interacted with this guy, he questioned my intelligence. Huh.â<U+0080><U+009D>And so, my analysis:I have the Nook version, so I won't bother with page numbers as they seem to be inconsistent depending on what size I have the display text zoomed in at. All quotes come from that Catelyn VII.â<U+0080><U+009C>I am become a sour woman, Catelyn thought. I take no joy in mead nor meat, andsong and laughter have become suspicious strangers to me. I am a creature of grief and dust andbitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my heart was once.â<U+0080><U+009D>This is where she states that her grief is all consuming.  â<U+0080><U+009C>But thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no one to find me now, is there? This time I have to find our own way, and it is hard, so hard.â<U+0080><U+009D>   â<U+0080><U+009C>I keep remembering the Stark words. Winter has come, Father. For me. For me. Robb must fight the Greyjoys now as well as the Lannisters, and for what? For a gold hat and an iron chair?Surely the land has bled enough. I want my girls back, I want Robb to lay down his sword andpick some homely daughter of Walder Frey to make him happy and give him sons. I want Branand Rickon back, I want...â<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn hung her head. â<U+0080><U+009C>I want,â<U+0080><U+009D> she said once more, and then her words were gone.This takes place while Catelyn is recounting her dream to her father. At this point, she has already made the arrangement to go down to see Jamie at midnight.  The quote about how hard it is to find her own way, and the bit at the end where she is a loss for words donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t give me the impression of someone who has a plan firmly set in her mind. To me, it implies someone who is struggling to keep her head above water and is not really sure what she should do next.â<U+0080><U+009C>There is nothing here but arrogance and pride, and the empty courage of a madman. I amwasting my breath with this one. If there was ever a spark of honor in him, it is long dead. â<U+0080><U+009C>Ifyou will not speak with me, so be it. Drink the wine or piss in it, ser, it makes no matter to me.â<U+0080><U+009D>Her hand was at the door pull when he said, â<U+0080><U+009C>Lady Stark.â<U+0080><U+009D>The internal thought â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m wasting my time with this oneâ<U+0080><U+009D> makes me believe that at this point she was truly ready to walk away from him, which leads to the impression that she was playing it by ear.â<U+0080><U+009C>As he laughed, she realized the wine had done its work; Jaime had drained most of the flagon,and he was drunk.â<U+0080><U+009D>And then thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the fact that she gave him wine, enough wine that he became visibly drunk. Why make him drunk if she was intending to release him? You would assume that he would need to be in full control of his mental facilities in order to make it out of the Stark camp alive and under cover. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s obvious that he was able to do so despite being drunk, but why hurt his chances?
2013	Jaime's Wench	2012-09-23	Hmmm, it troubles me as both a 'newbie' to ASOIAF and as a writer that people can be criticised for criticising GRRM's writing. The man isn't infalliable, otherwise he would have made a better character of Catelyn. I really like her, and I LOVED this scene with Jaime, but others cannot stand her for many of her actions both big and small. The release of Jaime does seem more of a rash act than one that was thought through, imho. I believe she went in there only to question him.
2014	David Selig	2012-09-23	Hmmm, it troubles me as both a 'newbie' to ASOIAF and as a writer that people can be criticised for criticising GRRM's writing. The man isn't infalliable, otherwise he would have made a better character of Catelyn. I really like her, and I LOVED this scene with Jaime, but others cannot stand her for many of her actions both big and small. The release of Jaime does seem more of a rash act than one that was thought through, imho. I believe she went in there only to question him. This is weird logic. People disliking a character doesn't mean the writer has failed. Especially when a huge part of this dislike is based on blatant misread of the text and/or sexism, as in this case.
2015	Jolene Brown	2012-09-23	I don't think those quotes indicate that she was unsure what to do - they indicate that she knew exactly what she wanted to do, but she was afraid that it was the wrong thing.  She is scared of the consequences, scared that it won't work out the way she wants it to (for good reason).  She may consider walking away from it because Jaime's behavior re-inforces those doubts, but it doesn't mean she was just sort of winging it.  I would guess she has been considering this path ever since she sent Cleos to King's Landing in the first place, so I don't think it's even only Bran/Rickon's deaths that motivates her - that's just sort of the final catalyst for causing her to put her plan into action.
2016	Ran	2012-09-23	Precisely, Jolene. She has doubts about it being the right course, but she knows what she's doing. The point of talking to Jaime, beyond trying to understand, was to see if there was any point expecting oaths of any kind from him -- though as she notes (and as Jaime notes) she was really trusting in Tyrion having to follow through on a promise in open court.So, here:I am become a sour woman, Catelyn thought. I take no joy in mead nor meat, and song and laughter have become suspicious strangers to me. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my heart was once.See, the funny thing is, we know what Catelyn is like when she's "consumed by grief". It's not this. It's more like this:Lady Stark was there beside his bed. She had been there, day and night, for close on a fortnight. Not for a moment had she left Bran's side. She had her meals brought to her there, and chamber pots as well, and a small hard bed to sleep on, though it was said she had scarcely slept at all. She fed him herself, the honey and water and herb mixture that sustained life. Not once did she leave the room. So Jon had stayed away....Lady Stark looked over. For a moment she did not seem to recognize him. Finally she blinked. "What are you doing here?" she asked in a voice strangely flat and emotionless...Her face did not change. Her long auburn hair was dull and tangled. She looked as though she had aged twenty years. "You've said it. Now go away."....When she opened them again, they told her that she had slept four days. Catelyn nodded and sat up in bed. It all seemed like a nightmare to her now, everything since Bran's fall, a terrible dream of blood and grief, but she had the pain in her hands to remind her that it was real. She felt weak and light-headed, yet strangely resolute, as if a great weight had lifted from her....Catelyn remembered the way she had been before, and she was ashamed.So what we really have is Catelyn in AGoT briefly going well and truly mad with grief, until she comes out of it, versus her grieving deeply... but being quite fully rational and self-aware:"I want them all dead, Brienne. Theon Greyjoy first, then Jaime Lannister and Cersei and the Imp, every one, every one. But my girls . . . my girls will . . ."The "but" is that if the Lannisters start dying, so will her daughters. She's thought it through.She stared at her scarred hands, opened and closed them, then slowly raised her eyes. "I've sent him wine."	"Wine?" Brienne was lost. "Robb? Or . . . Theon Greyjoy?"	"The Kingslayer." The ploy had served her well with Cleos Frey. I hope you're thirsty, Jaime. I hope your throat is dry and tight. "I would like you to come with me."	"I am yours to command, my lady."	"Good." Catelyn rose abruptly. "Stay, finish your meal in peace. I will send for you later. At midnight."She's planned it out: she's going to use the same stratagem she used with Cleos, to loosen Jaime's tongue in hopes of discovering understanding, of what happened and of him, to try and secure her aims as best she can."But there's no one to find me now, is there? This time I have to find our own way, and it is hard, so hard.And here she knows the path is difficult, she's thinking about the enormity of it, the costs, but also the potential benefit.	"I keep remembering the Stark words. Winter has come, Father. For me. For me. Robb must fight the Greyjoys now as well as the Lannisters, and for what? For a gold hat and an iron chair? Surely the land has bled enough. I want my girls back, I want Robb to lay down his sword and pick some homely daughter of Walder Frey to make him happy and give him sons. I want Bran and Rickon back, I want . . ." Catelyn hung her head. "I want," she said once more, and then her words were gone.Well, that last is about wanting Ned, or things to be as they were, and she can't finish that sentence because that won't happen. But it's clear that she's recognizing both the futility of Robb's war (it _is_ futile at this stage) and the enormous amount she's lost.And then, to show that Catelyn had thought this all through pretty well, look how smoothly her plan goes off:He'd been very drunk by then, thanks to Catelyn Stark. Of their escape from Riverrun, he recalled only bits and pieces. There had been some trouble with the gaoler, but the big wench had overcome him.	After that they had climbed an endless stair, around and around. His legs were weak as grass, and he'd stumbled twice or thrice, until the wench lent him an arm to lean on. At some point he was bundled into a traveler's cloak and shoved into the bottom of a skiff. He remembered listening to Lady Catelyn command someone to raise the portcullis on the Water Gate. She was sending Ser Cleos Frey back to King's Landing with new terms for the queen, she'd declared in a tone that brooked no argument.So she absconds with a chained Jaime, she puts off the gaoler, she secures  an exit and a boat, she gets a hold of Cleos to provide cover for her plan, and so on. This isn't the stuff of a sudden decision. She's thought it through. She even thinks through to what will come afterward:Ser Desmond nodded, plainly glad to be done with his distasteful task, but sad-eyed Utherydes Wayn lingered a moment after the castellan took his leave. "It was a grave thing you did, my lady, but for naught. Ser Desmond has sent Ser Robin Ryger after them, to bring back the Kingslayer ... or failing that, his head."Catelyn had expected no less. May the Warrior give strength to your sword arm, Brienne, she prayed. She had done all she could; nothing remained but to hope.She's not overcome with grief, unable to think rationally or sensibly -- far from it. The picture is very different from the truly driven-out-of-her-mind Catelyn shortly after Bran's fall. Indeed, she goes out of her way to note the fact that she was fully in command of herself, was entirely aware of what she was doing and its consequences:"The news must have driven you mad," Ser Desmond broke in, "a madness of grief, a mother's madness, men will understand. You did not know...""I did," Catelyn said firmly. "I understood what I was doing and knew it was treasonous. If you fail to punish me, men will believe that we connived together to free Jaime Lannister. It was mine own act and mine alone, and I alone must answer for it. Put me in the Kingslayer's empty irons, and I will wear them proudly, if that is how it must be."...."... Love's not always wise, I've learned. It can lead us to great folly, but we follow our hearts ... wherever they take us. Don't we, Mother?"Is that what I did?So the two propositions -- that she was mad with grief, abandoning all common sense because this is (allegedly) some trope in the novels, and that she didn't really know what she was doing -- are wrong. The nearest you get is her stepping away, ignoring the fact that she didn't actually need to talk to him to execute her plan, and that it may all have been a bit of gamesmanship to try and prompt him to engage with her.To go further, David's on the mark with the idea that criticizing a criticism of the text grounded on misreading in the text is somehow not allowing people to criticize the text. You just need to do a good job of it. Repeating shoddy readings of the character that fail to take into account all the evidence isn't the way to go about it.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 24 September 2012 - 02:05 PM.
2017	Jaime's Wench	2012-09-24	This is weird logic. People disliking a character doesn't mean the writer has failed. Especially when a huge part of this dislike is based on blatant misread of the text and/or sexism, as in this case.What has been misread exactly?There's characters made for people to purposely dislike (e,g. Ramsay, Roose, Cersei, Joffrey), there's characters made to purposely divide opinion (e.g. Jaime, Littlefinger, Dany, Arya), there's characters made as purposeful heroes (e.g. Ned, Jon...) and there's those you purposely feel sorry for (Bran, Sansa etc). I think Catelyn was meant as someone you feel sorry for. Instead, she annoys people. It's seldom a writer's purpose to annoy their reader through a character, at least not coming from my ten + years of writing experience.
2018	David Selig	2012-09-24	What has been misread exactly?Well, where do I start? There's a zillion threads here blaming her for pretty much for everything wrong in Westeros, sometimes for contradicting things too. I remember one thread in which one of my opponents argued that Catelyn is too emotional and irrational and another that she's too cold and lacking in emotions.There's characters made for people to purposely dislike (e,g. Ramsay, Roose, Cersei, Joffrey), there's characters made to purposely divide opinion (e.g. Jaime, Littlefinger, Dany, Arya), there's characters made as purposeful heroes (e.g. Ned, Jon...) and there's those you purposely feel sorry for (Bran, Sansa etc). I think Catelyn was meant as someone you feel sorry for. Instead, she annoys people. It's seldom a writer's purpose to annoy their reader through a character, at least not coming from my ten + years of writing experience.I really don't think Martin's intentions were this simple and one-sided. He writes characters with certain characteristics, whether the readers like them or not is up to them.Besides, you said you like Catelyn as a character. So it worked for you and for many others. Just because there's a vocal faction which has the opposite opinion, doesn't mean Martin failed as a writer with her. You can't please everyone.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 24 September 2012 - 12:07 PM.
2019	Winter's Lion	2012-09-24	I think Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s grief takes a different form, because the two situations is different. As Tyrion said (Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m paraphrasing here) â<U+0080><U+0093> â<U+0080><U+009C>death is so final, life is full of possibilities.â<U+0080><U+009D> In the first situation, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s right beside Bran. Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the possibility that he could have woken up at any moment, so she stayed with him night in day even to the detriment of her other children. In the second situation, she believes that her children are dead. Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no possibility that they will ever wake up, no possibility that they will ever get better. Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s also in a completely different place, so itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not like she can even stand vigil beside the bodies. The reason I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t take anything from ASOS into account is that, timewise, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pretty far removed from the event. Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s had lots of time alone to go over the nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s events in her mind. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not uncommon for someone to do something foolish, then to spend time after the fact coming up with reasons to justify it to themselves. Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no fool; she knows that she will be questioned, and she knows what the questions will be. She has plenty of time to think about what she will say when they come. â<U+0080><U+009C>Catelyn had expected no less,â<U+0080><U+009D> is the quote you used. I was once taught that a good writer is as careful with the words that he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t use as with the ones that he does, that he is also aware of the things that he is not saying. What Martin chose to write was â<U+0080><U+009C>Catelyn had expected no less.â<U+0080><U+009D> What he didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t choose to write was â<U+0080><U+009C>Catelyn had expected no less when she came up with the plan right after she heard about the boysâ<U+0080><U+0099> deaths, or even â<U+0080><U+009C>Catelyn had expected no less when she sat and though about it while she was being confined.â<U+0080><U+009D> I refuse to believe that he didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t fully explain Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s thought because of some error of omissionâ<U+0080><U+0093> heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s too good a writer for that. I believe heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s leaving these details open in order to make his readers really think, to consider his words and the characters that he has created.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not trying to prove that my idea is the â<U+0080><U+009C>correctâ<U+0080><U+009D> one. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think there is a â<U+0080><U+009C>correctâ<U+0080><U+009D> one. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m trying to prove that Martin is a good enough writer that he can inspire this type of debate. Think about it â<U+0080><U+0093> when was the last time you heard two people having an intelligent conversation about Bellaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s motivations in Twilight? (No offense to anyone here who enjoys Stephenie Meyer. Different strokes for different folks).  Normally, I would very much enjoy a conversation like this. I like seeing other peopleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s points of views, and why they think what they do. But you feel the need to pepper the end of your post with yet another insult. I fail to see what is â<U+0080><U+009C>shoddyâ<U+0080><U+009D> about my analysis, other than Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not bowing down and saying that your interpretation is the ONLY possible one and that Cat is the BESTEST CHARACTER EVAR. I do like Cat, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s very complex, and I do see the reasoning behind your interpretation of the writing. Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re the one thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s saying thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s only one possible interpretation, and I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think Martin writes like that. I'd say that we will have to agree to disagree, but I can tell that's not your style. So I'm going to go ahead and bow out of this conversation, because I don't think it's going to go anwhere. You're going to be getting an influx of new members with the contined success of the third TV season as well as the release of your book. They will bring diversity and many a differing viewpoint. I wish you luck in dealing with them. Edit because the format got all wonky. 
					
					
							Edited by Winter's Lion, 24 September 2012 - 09:41 PM.
2020	Winter's Lion	2012-09-24	Hmmm, it troubles me as both a 'newbie' to ASOIAF and as a writer that people can be criticised for criticising GRRM's writing. The man isn't infalliable, otherwise he would have made a better character of Catelyn. I really like her, and I LOVED this scene with Jaime, but others cannot stand her for many of her actions both big and small. The release of Jaime does seem more of a rash act than one that was thought through, imho. I believe she went in there only to question him.I think she only went in there to question him too, hence the getting him drunk with the wine. I think she wanted to loosen his tongue with it. If she had wanted to get someone drunk, she could have just as easily tried to get the guard drunk. A passed out guard = someone else to blame for the escape. Didn't someone else use that ploy later in the books? I can't remeber off the top of my head, but it seems familiar.
2021	Ran	2012-09-25	Alas, Winter's Lion has departed us. But I'll be responding to her points here for the benefit of others, so they don't find themselves pulled into the same lack of rigor in their approach to discussing the series.I think Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s grief takes a different form, because the two situations is different. As Tyrion said (Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m paraphrasing here) â<U+0080><U+0093> â<U+0080><U+009C>death is so final, life is full of possibilities.â<U+0080><U+009D> In the first situation, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s right beside Bran. Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the possibility that he could have woken up at any moment, so she stayed with him night in day even to the detriment of her other children. In the second situation, she believes that her children are dead. Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no possibility that they will ever wake up, no possibility that they will ever get better. Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s also in a completely different place, so itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not like she can even stand vigil beside the bodies.This makes very little sense. You see, the claim was made that she had lost all common sense, that she was overwhelmed by her grief, and therefore didn't act rationally. In all of this that follows, notice how the possibility of Catelyn being rational is never really engaged with, however. The argument takes as its guiding principle that Catelyn can't be rational, you see, so anything that flies in the face of that must be "open to interpretation".The reason I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t take anything from ASOS into account is that, timewise, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pretty far removed from the event.A few hours = "far removed"? And we have her, in her own head, being perfectly clear-eyed about it. Never wavering from the rational argument for what she did. Never accepting the narrative that "Oh, you're a woman, you were just emotional".To read into those quotes above the idea that in fact she's truly being irrational and her self-justifications are simply driven from her being mad with grief is to read the text very badly indeed.What Martin chose to write was â<U+0080><U+009C>Catelyn had expected no less.â<U+0080><U+009D> What he didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t choose to write was â<U+0080><U+009C>Catelyn had expected no less when she came up with the plan right after she heard about the boysâ<U+0080><U+0099> deaths, or even â<U+0080><U+009C>Catelyn had expected no less when she sat and though about it while she was being confined.â<U+0080><U+009D> I refuse to believe that he didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t fully explain Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s thought because of some error of omissionâ<U+0080><U+0093> heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s too good a writer for that.Catelyn Stark is, of all the characters in the series (excepting, perhaps, Davos), the most emotionally self-aware and honest. She doesn't have traumas in the past that lead her to allude to her feelings: she says what they are. She doesn't lie to herself about having emotions. She may pretend emotions to others that she doesn't feel, but she tells us this in her own thoughts. And yet this argument presented to us wants to convince us that, somehow, at the end of A Clash of Kings, she changes radically: she's a liar to herself about how she felt and how her emotions impacted her, in her own thoughts, having been driven mad with grief, irrational, lacking common sense.It flies in the face of her characterization. Do we really need GRRM to spell things out for us to accept obvious truths? He basically has provided all the pieces to understand Catelyn here. Shifting the goal posts by deciding to eliminate from consideration evidence detrimental to one's argument, and then going and resting the whole of an argument on just the one chapter where for literary effect GRRM wants a surprise and a cliffhanger, so he reveals less of Catelyn's intentions than he normally would, is folly. The next chapter always explains what that cliffhanger was about... and the explanation we get is that Catelyn planned and executed Jaime's escape, and she did it with full awareness and understanding of what she was doing.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m trying to prove that Martin is a good enough writer that he can inspire this type of debate.The debate Martin might have intended to inspire was surely whether it was the wrong or right choice.  The argument that "she lost all common sense" is a belief that it was the wrong choice, because it was irrational and not thought out. It seems that if we are to argue the merits of the choice, the fact that it was rational -- right or wrong, it was rational -- seems to be a necessary prerequisite. Mad actions that make no rational sense aren't worth debating.I fail to see what is â<U+0080><U+009C>shoddyâ<U+0080><U+009D> about my analysis"I refuse to look at any other evidence because it's so, so far removed". Shoddy, yes.your interpretation is the ONLY possible one and that Cat is the BESTEST CHARACTER EVAR.Eureka! The truth at last. I never justified her actions by saying she's the greatest character. I pointed out the facts, the text that anyone with eyes can read. But, "Oh, you think she's the best character ever, therefore your criticisms can't be right."Take this as an object lesson, dear readers: don't do that if you want to be taken seriously. You've lost the argument at this point.Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re the one thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s saying thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s only one possible interpretation, and I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think Martin writes like that.Oh, he'd be a terrible author if that were true. Surely everyone agrees with that? No, there's plenty that's open to only one interpretation. And there's plenty that's open to multiple interpretations. But this particular thing you want to claim? That she was irrational in her last chapter, that everything she says about it has to be ignored because she's irrational and self-deluding for the rest of the series until her death? No.I think she only went in there to question him too, hence the getting him drunk with the wine. I think she wanted to loosen his tongue with it.Why did she need Brienne? She wasn't afraid of him hurting her -- he was in chains. If she wanted just to question him, she wasn't planning to kill him, so she doesn't need Brienne's sword. She's not the sort to rough people up, so she wasn't planning to tell Brienne to beat him up if he didn't answer her questions.The obvious answer is the very thing we see: she meant to spirit Jaime away with Brienne's help. The questioning was, as I said way back when, merely to try and come to grips with him and what he did and why things had happened as they did, to try and get at the truth. But either way, she was sending him off. This was, after all, the best opportunity: much of the garrison drunk or passed out drunk from celebrating.If she had wanted to get someone drunk, she could have just as easily tried to get the guard drunk. A passed out guard = someone else to blame for the escape.But that's not Catelyn Stark. She doesn't make choices that involve leaving the blame on others. She doesn't foist the blame for how she acted after Bran's fall on anyone else. She doesn't say, "Oh, well, I was crazy then, lets forget about it" -- she goes and feels guilt and shame for it, she feels guilt long afterward when she's in Vale, she's driven by the need to make up for what, in this present day and age, would have been understood as a mental breakdown beyond her control. But for Catelyn, it was a failure, and she doesn't mean for it to happen again... and it doesn't.She owns her actions. Those who argue otherwise are making a fundamental misreading of the character. Her actions may be the wrong choice, but they're rationally motivated, not driven by a lack of "common sense". She has more common sense in her pinkie than most characters do in the series, really.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 25 September 2012 - 06:38 AM.
2022	ckal	2012-09-25	My favorite chapter in CoK and perhaps the whole series is the Catelyn chapter in which she learns of the boys "death" and discusses it with Brienne.  It is heartwrenching.  It provides complete and unrefutable reasoning for releasing the Kingslayer.  She then parlays with him and makes him swear an oath to return the girls.Yet, in the show the boys are only captives.  Robb even says there's no risk to them.  Having only three children instead of 5, with two captives, and no male heir to her son the King is a lot different than having all five children with 4 captive.  They've gutted her motivation.  And, the parlay with Jaime while good, did not have him swear an oath. I'm sure it will be aluded to later, but they really made her a weak woman.  Terrible.  Terrible.  A grieving mother is someone everyone can empathize with.  A worried mother, not as much.They could have at least had her stitting with a parchment telling Robb that the boys were dead and that's why she released them.  But, Theon poisoned the Ravens and nobody even knows of his mummer's farce.  And, Robb's motivation for having sex with "Jeyne" is weakened b/c he's neither injured nor grieving.Very disappointed with this reinvention.This is an utterly fantastic post and I couldn't agree more with it. I was disappointed in season 2 because of the changes that completely ruined characters' arcs, stories, and motivations. Cat, Robb, Dany, and Jon. All ruined, and the worst part is that on no level of story telling do these changes make any sense, and they didn't even need to be changed from the books! They were extremely easy to translate to the TV screen and should have been done so explicitly.
2023	DornishmansWife	2013-03-30	I kept waiting...kept waiting for "No man calls my lady of Winterfell a traitor in my hearing!" as well as another line in the 1st season when Catelyn asks Robb "Girls are not as important as boys are they?" which hurts and shames Robb...although not enough to have him trade for the girls
Catelyn is pegged as a "mother-type" by D&D and they write her like that. It's pretty unfortunate because she's a mother and more, as many of you have stated.
2024	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-03-30	My favorite chapter in CoK and perhaps the whole series is the Catelyn chapter in which she learns of the boys "death" and discusses it with Brienne.  It is heartwrenching.  It provides complete and unrefutable reasoning for releasing the Kingslayer.  She then parlays with him and makes him swear an oath to return the girls.Yet, in the show the boys are only captives.  Robb even says there's no risk to them.  Having only three children instead of 5, with two captives, and no male heir to her son the King is a lot different than having all five children with 4 captive.  They've gutted her motivation.  And, the parlay with Jaime while good, did not have him swear an oath. I'm sure it will be aluded to later, but they really made her a weak woman.  Terrible.  Terrible.  A grieving mother is someone everyone can empathize with.  A worried mother, not as much.They could have at least had her stitting with a parchment telling Robb that the boys were dead and that's why she released them.  But, Theon poisoned the Ravens and nobody even knows of his mummer's farce.  And, Robb's motivation for having sex with "Jeyne" is weakened b/c he's neither injured nor grieving.Very disappointed with this reinvention. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2025	Joyful Union	2013-03-30	This is an utterly fantastic post and I couldn't agree more with it. I was disappointed in season 2 because of the changes that completely ruined characters' arcs, stories, and motivations. Cat, Robb, Dany, and Jon. All ruined, and the worst part is that on no level of story telling do these changes make any sense, and they didn't even need to be changed from the books! They were extremely easy to translate to the TV screen and should have been done so explicitly.Well, at least your staying positive.
2026	King of the Road	2013-03-30	Well, at least your staying positive. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />It's hardly the end of the world is it?
2027	The Boar of Gore	2013-05-08	My favorite chapter in CoK and perhaps the whole series is the Catelyn chapter in which she learns of the boys "death" and discusses it with Brienne.  It is heartwrenching.  It provides complete and unrefutable reasoning for releasing the Kingslayer.  She then parlays with him and makes him swear an oath to return the girls.Yes. Because, as you can see, the girls are now safe and well thanks to Catelyn's genius plan.Seriously, I think TV Cat's actions made much more sense than Book Cat's actions: in the show it was clear that Jaime would have been killed if she hadn't taken action, so she at least forestalled Sansa's murder in retaliation; in the book, releasing him was just a desperate gamble.
2028	StephOfTheCanals	2013-03-13	...why does Ros pretend to be Tyrions prostitute?
2029	Buckwheat	2013-03-14	Welcome to the forum.
Basically she does not, the guards take hold of her and they just assume she is because she wears the necklace given to her by Tyrion. Regardless of what she would say, she would likely not been even listened to because it is not important what a lowborn person says if Cersei Baratheon says otherwise.
Of course Tyrion went along with the farce to protect Shae.
2030	Independent George	2012-05-20	I'm starting a thread because I know this is going to get a lot of discussion.
I actually started to like Ros this season, and I thought that scene played out very well. And for the purists, let me just say that I for one am relieved that we didn't have a  young black girl stripped and beaten by a bunch of wealthy white aristocrats. I'm not typically politically correct by any means, and I understand compartmentalizing a fantasy series versus the real world, but there is just waaaaay too much baggage behind the original scene from the books. This is the only way it could work, and it did.
2031	teemo	2012-05-20	Yeah, it worked because she has been around so much and is easily identifiable by now.  Well, sort of.  The person I was watching it with had no idea who she was.  But he hates the show.  I expect most viewers do.  I thought that was the best way to handle it.
2032	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-20	I'm happy with it. If only because it finally gives her something to do within the narrative besides, ya know, what she typically does.
2033	House Snow	2012-05-20	I actually thought it was a pretty clever long term change to consolidate characters. You could predict it before the show but it was still some good show managing to do it.
2034	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	Wait, for crying out loud
Cersei thinks that Tyrion is in love with the whore he gave to Joffrey
That BUGGERS belief
2035	Aegnor	2012-05-20	I don't think Cercei would have any idea exactly what whores Tyrion gave Joffrey.
2036	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	i doubt that completely, she knew tyrion gave joffrey a whore and would darn well know roz's history
2037	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	Why wouldn't Cersei think Ros was Tyrion's favorite whore? 
Cersei doesn't see any prostitute, let alone one she suspects is Tyrion's favorite, as a person; they're just disgusting evidence of Tyrion's depravity and lack of character. Neither Tywin nor Cersei have ever shown the slightest bit of understanding for the reasons Tyrion spends time with prostitutes (especially in the books), so why is it surprising she jumps to the wrong conclusion when they find a Lannister chain on Ros (thanks to Varys, I'm guessing)?
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 20 May 2012 - 10:17 PM.
2038	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	cersei knows tyrion sent hores to joffrey
she thinks that ros is tyrion's love
it is logical she would make some basic inquiry into who ros is
the hound, varys, LF, joffrey all know who ros is, the whore that tyrion sent to joffrey
again it boggles the mind that cersei would think that this is the whore tyrion loves
2039	Sambo	2012-05-20	so why is it surprising she jumps to the wrong conclusion when they find a Lannister chain on Ros (thanks to Varys, I'm guessing)?They actually set this up in season 1.  When Theon is with Ros after the royal party leaves Winterfell he notes the chain that Tyrion gave her, calling it a "good tip."  She's been wearing it almost every time she's on screen in season 2.
2040	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	meh i say, MEH
2041	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	cersei knows tyrion sent hores to joffrey she thinks that ros is tyrion's love it is logical she would make some basic inquiry into who ros is the hound, varys, LF, joffrey all know who ros is, the whore that tyrion sent to joffrey again it boggles the mind that cersei would think that this is the whore tyrion lovesHow is any of this logical or match what we know about Cersei (from either the books or show)? Cersei doesn't view Tyrion as a person with normal emotions, she (and Tywin) view his frequenting of whores with disdain but they never bother to spend any time trying to understand or learn more about it. Sending his supposed love to Joffrey only emphasizes, in her mind, Tyrion's depravity. It's exactly what she'd expect a vile whore-lover like Tyrion to do.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 20 May 2012 - 10:37 PM.
2042	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	so using your logic, why would cersei think that Tyrion cares about Ros at all?
In the book, tyrion visited alaya many times, establishing that this was someone that Tyrion cared about due to the repeated visits.
2043	House Snow	2012-05-20	She thinks it because a spy told her that she was the one.  What is so hard to believe about that.  I don't know why anyone even answers your posts since all you do is run around complaining about every single thing that happens in the show.
2044	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	Ros has a Lannister chain/necklace, was with Tyrion at Winterfell and has been in KL for awhile. She also was specifically sent to Joffrey, as you noted. Someone tells her that it's Ros. Why wouldn't Cersei jump at this?She's not exactly the Westerosi Sherlock Holmes after all, and sending his "love" to Joffrey is exactly the type of act a twisted and depraved dwarf like Tyrion would do (from her PoV).Honestly, you come across like you're complaining about anything for the sake of complaining now.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 20 May 2012 - 10:43 PM.
2045	Darth Pipes	2012-05-20	They actually set this up in season 1. When Theon is with Ros after the royal party leaves Winterfell he notes the chain that Tyrion gave her, calling it a "good tip." She's been wearing it almost every time she's on screen in season 2.Exactly.  This was actually a clever change by the writers.  Well done!
2046	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-20	Why would Ros bother playing along when she presumably doesn't know of any hidden whore, when last time she did something for Tyrion she had to torture a coworker, and when now she is the one being tortured?
2047	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-20	Why would Ros bother playing along when she presumably doesn't know of any hidden whore, when last time she did something for Tyrion she had to torture a coworker, and when now she is the one being tortured?Well, Tyrion did tip her well...yeah, that doesn't make a whole of sense. I also didn't remember the fact that he gave her a necklace; it was an offhand comment from over a season ago. I guess using Ros makes sense since she's the most well known prostitute on the show and in Westeros, but you bring up a good point. I guess Cersei wouldn't beleive her anyway, but it makes no sense that she would play along after what happened to her when Tyrion sent her to Joffrey.
2048	Frumpus	2012-05-21	Wait, for crying out loud Cersei thinks that Tyrion is in love with the whore he gave to Joffrey That BUGGERS beliefSomething tells me D&D were thinking the tv audience would have short term memory.
2049	victim	2012-05-21	You could tell by the way the conversation started that Varys told Cersei that Tyrion loved Ros, essentially saving Shae's life. I thought that much was obvious. All that matters is that Cersei thinks it's true.
2050	Envie	2012-05-21	I'm really happy with the way they've changed Ros into Alayaya's part without sacrificing the basic essence of the story. This saved them a LOT of backstory necessary to make the Chataya's whore house scenes work, for some characters who would only appear in a couple of episodes at most. It was also a useful way to have a character we've grown accustomed to (even if many disliked her) since Season 1. Well played, and I'm glad someone reminded us about the chain Tyrion gave Ros way back in season 1, because that's a small detail many like me will have forgotten as a clue to how Cersei or whoever her informer was, decided Ros was Tyrion's whore.
As for how or why Cersei would believe this whore, the same one Tyrion sent to Joffrey is the whore he loves so much - I agree with others that Cersei's own arrogance is a good reason she not only doesn't care, but is likely oblivious to the identities of the whores who were sent to Joffrey in the first place. I doubt she would have met them personally.
2051	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-21	I think it was implied in the show that Varys misdirected Cersei away from Shae to protect her as a favor to Tyrion.
2052	Ser Chuck	2012-05-21	but it makes no sense that she would play along after what happened to her when Tyrion sent her to Joffrey.How is she playing along with anything? When Cersei's people came to get her do you think they would believe her even if she flatly denied any relationship with Tyrion? Her denials, if she even made them, would be nothing more than an excuse to beat her even more severely. I also sincerely doubt Shae would do anything but deny Tyrion if confronted herself. No one is going along with anything. Her spies told Cersei it was Ros so Ros is the one who gets kidnapped and tortured. Tyrion acknowledged Ros in order to protect Shae further though I believe he is honorable enough to try and compensate Ros later.
2053	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	Ha! HA! Fucking knew it.
Sorry. I'm just so proud guessing that Ros = Alayaya when she first appeared in KL. I can now forgive her presence... almost.
2054	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	Ros has a Lannister chain/necklace, was with Tyrion at Winterfell and has been in KL for awhile. She also was specifically sent to Joffrey, as you noted. Someone tells her that it's Ros. Why wouldn't Cersei jump at t to his? She's not exactly the Westerosi Sherlock Holmes after all, and sending his "love" to Joffrey is exactly the type of act a twisted and depraved dwarf like Tyrion would do (from her PoV). Honestly, you come across like you're complaining about anything for the sake of complaining now.so we are to believe cersei thinks tyrion loves ros enough to be effected by cerseis threats of pain and death, but cersei also believe tyrion doesnt care enough about her that he would allow joffrey (a person she knows tyrion doesnt like) to have sex with her?  that is logical to you?
2055	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	fwiw, i rewatched the episode with ros from s1 ep1 and tryion did not give her any chain, I am looking for the other scenes to see if she has a chaing
2056	Pellaeon	2012-05-21	fwiw, i rewatched the episode with ros from s1 ep1 and tryion did not give her any chain, I am looking for the other scenes to see if she has a chaingShe get the necklet after Tyrion arrived from the wall, watch the Theon/Ros sence there is it mention
2057	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	well it was established that tyr gave ros a necklace, i still say meh
2058	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	Honestly, you come across like you're complaining about anything for the sake of complaining now.BTW, this is the internet you know, we are allowed to complain! /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />Folllow my posts I tend to calm down over a few days and praise the series as well.For example, I think HBO has done an excellent job on Theon's story
2059	Castel	2012-05-21	I'm starting a thread because I know this is going to get a lot of discussion. I actually started to like Ros this season, and I thought that scene played out very well. And for the purists, let me just say that I for one am relieved that we didn't have a young black girl stripped and beaten by a bunch of wealthy white aristocrats. I'm not typically politically correct by any means, and I understand compartmentalizing a fantasy series versus the real world, but there is just waaaaay too much baggage behind the original scene from the books. This is the only way it could work, and it did.I... don't get your point here, much. much more terrible shit has happened over the course of the show, wealthy aristocrats beat up on everyone, Alayaya wouldn't be that big a leap. I don't see the issue here.As for Ros, well they have her on the books and it makes a bit more sense than introducing a random whore, but I guess Cersei was desperate, I just can't see her jumping on someone with only tangential connection with Tyrion, I mean, did he ever see her after the trip to Winterfell? It's quite possible that she won the necklace there. Or at least that was my initial thought, but the more I think about it, it is mighty suspicious that Tyrion shows up in King's Landing and Ros ends up there as well with the same necklace. And kudos to them for showing the necklace long before it was actually used.Meh, hopefully this means Ros goes away for a while now, I get it, she's a nice bridging character and you don't have to find somebody to take her place, but the fact that ninety percent of the gratuitous sex scenes involve her has totally made me hate her character.
2060	Reposado	2012-05-21	this was an insult to our intelligence. such a key example of what has been a really valid complaint.
they have scenes in their mind, and then don't know how to move the pieces to get there logically.
there is no reason, that we as viewers would know, that cersei would think tyrion wa sin love with ros. we know she has spies watching him. they probably would have seen the zero contact he has had with her in kings landing.
just bad bad bad writing.
2061	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	this was an insult to our intelligence. such a key example of what has been a really valid complaint. they have scenes in their mind, and then don't know how to move the pieces to get there logically. there is no reason, that we as viewers would know, that cersei would think tyrion wa sin love with ros. we know she has spies watching him. they probably would have seen the zero contact he has had with her in kings landing. just bad bad bad writing.I agree, its very lazy writing at best. At worst her spies just completely feed her bullshit info, at best, Varys owns her spies and has them feeding bad info, but none of that is even hinted at well enough to the casual viewer.  My wife had no clue where any of that came from.
2062	Morvran	2012-05-21	this was an insult to our intelligence. such a key example of what has been a really valid complaint. they have scenes in their mind, and then don't know how to move the pieces to get there logically. there is no reason, that we as viewers would know, that cersei would think tyrion wa sin love with ros. we know she has spies watching him. they probably would have seen the zero contact he has had with her in kings landing. just bad bad bad writing.Maybe one of her spies was actually Varys's spy and he volunteered Ros as the 'kept whore' to both piss off Littlefinger and do Tyrion a favor?  Who knows...but I can roll with it.  Especially now that I know I won't have to suffer Ros scenes much longer.
2063	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	so using your logic, why would cersei think that Tyrion cares about Ros at all? In the book, tyrion visited alaya many times, establishing that this was someone that Tyrion cared about due to the repeated visits.this was an insult to our intelligence. such a key example of what has been a really valid complaint. they have scenes in their mind, and then don't know how to move the pieces to get there logically. there is no reason, that we as viewers would know, that cersei would think tyrion wa sin love with ros. we know she has spies watching him. they probably would have seen the zero contact he has had with her in kings landing. just bad bad bad writing.Think about it, Ros and Tyrion had sex in the first episode. Cersei may have found out Ros was from Winterfell, using said 'spies', and decided that Tyrion had her brought to KL to be his whore for a while. Makes sense.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 21 May 2012 - 09:28 AM.
2064	Abaddon	2012-05-21	Lazy writing?  Lazy commentary in this thread is more like it.
Honestly, do you people even pay attention when you're watching?  It is obviously strongly hinted as others have said that Varys tipped Cersei off as a misdirect.  It's also obvious that Cersei would never pay attention to what a whore was doing and clearly never even saw the whores Tyrion "gifted" to Joffers.  The only one who saw them was the Hound, who very obviously WASN'T THERE in this scene at all.  It was Mandon Moore instead.
The move makes sense.  No, it's not perfect, but given the economy in which it was all handled, well done D&D.
2065	Tadco26	2012-05-21	The main similarity to Alayaya is that she is a whore who took the beating meant for Shae.  But there are some stark differences in the circumstances.
1) Alayaya is discovered because that is who Tyrion goes to "see" when he is really seeing Shae, slipping thru the secret door in her room.  It makes more sense that a spy would reach that conclusion in those circumstances.  You would think that spies would do enough research to know that Ros was the whore Tyrion sent to Joff.
2)  Alayaya took the beating and protected Shae, as far as we know Ros doesn't even know about Shae.
3) Ros has slept with Tyrion, Alayaya never did.
The scene didn't bother me.  In comparison to many of the other changes, it was quite minor and made sense for Ros to fill that role.  I wish they would have carried it a bit further with Tyrion sneaking thru the passages of Ros's room to get to Shae earlier in the season, but since that was Littlefinger's brothel rather than a location recommended by Varys, I understand how that would have been problematic too.
I still don't know why, in the context of the TV show, Tyrion is in love with TV Shae.  She generally treats him indifferently at best and disrespectfully at worst, and it is very hard for me to see why he would love her or even tolerate her.  Most of the sex scenes in the show have been overly long for what they have added to the story, but Tyrion and Shae could have used another sex scene this season, and their chemistry has been non-existent.
2066	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	I'm really baffled about why this is considered "lazy writing". A scene or two reinforcing the background of the story Cersei is believing might have helped but it also would have been unnecessary, really, and a waste of time. Do we really want them spending time for no real purpose other than explicitly setting up relatively minor scenes like this?Ros has a Lannister chain/necklace (Cersei comments on this as damning evidence, a very Cersei thing to do) and someone (presumably Varys or one of his agents) specifically tells her that Ros is Tyrion's whore. Given Varys' control over espionage and Cersei's character, do people think she'd like investigate the brothels of King's Landing personally?A source tells her Ros is the whore she's looking for. The guards find a Lannister chain/necklace on Ros. Case closed for Cersei (the viewers aren't supposed to be convinced, but we actually - generally - like and respect Tyrion at this point).so we are to believe cersei thinks tyrion loves ros enough to be effected by cerseis threats of pain and death, but cersei also believe tyrion doesnt care enough about her that he would allow joffrey (a person she knows tyrion doesnt like) to have sex with her? that is logical to you?Again, where in either the book or show has Cersei ever shown an inclination to judge Tyrion's emotional and sex life logically? She thinks he's a depraved, "dirty" dwarf who spends his time with whores doing all manner of sinful and awful things with them. Him sending his "love" to Joffrey is just another example of the behavior she assumes he's taking part in all along. It doesn't matter what we think Tyrion would do, it matters what Cersei would, and a blunder like this is exactly something Cersei would do.The problem with the scene, if there is one, isn't Ros - it's that I find it hard to believe that TV Tyrion is that in love with TV Shae, as Tadco argues. TV Tyrion is softened up from the books, but it still rings a bit false for me.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 21 May 2012 - 10:39 AM.
2067	Morvran	2012-05-21	I still don't know why, in the context of the TV show, Tyrion is in love with TV Shae. She generally treats him indifferently at best and disrespectfully at worst, and it is very hard for me to see why he would love her or even tolerate her. Most of the sex scenes in the show have been overly long for what they have added to the story, but Tyrion and Shae could have used another sex scene this season, and their chemistry has been non-existent. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />His scene with Shae in this episode fell flat for me because I don't feel anything between them.  Talisa and Robb are waaaay more believable, and that's saying a lot.  ...maybe it's the actresses's annoying accent and/or emotionless delivery
2068	Strider	2012-05-21	You could tell by the way the conversation started that Varys told Cersei that Tyrion loved Ros, essentially saving Shae's life. I thought that much was obvious. All that matters is that Cersei thinks it's true.Exactly!
2069	Independent George	2012-05-21	I... don't get your point here, much. much more terrible shit has happened over the course of the show, wealthy aristocrats beat up on everyone, Alayaya wouldn't be that big a leap. I don't see the issue here.Really? You don't see what a difference it makes if the wealthy aristocrats are beating up on a black girl versus a white one?
2070	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	One thing I found believable about Ros is that I can buy her defending Tyrion.  She has to figure if she is outed as not being Tyrion's lover she is goat food
2071	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-21	At this point nothing the show does shocks me anymore so the change wasn't startling. 
The scene between Tyrion and Shae however was surprising dull and unbelievable. I simply just buy the fact that he cares for her. Its just fake. 
Weak episode overall. Catelyn releasing Jaime without Bran and Rickon being dead is just pathetic.
2072	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	Doesn't matter what it is, some people on this board will never accept ANY change whatsoever from the books. Even if it's well done like this particular scene. They couldn't have included Alayaya. It would have required too much set-up for such a minor character. Ros was the most logical stand in and I think the writers did a great job of tying her into it. 
STOP COMPLAINING OVER EVERYTHING. If you don't like the goddamn show then TURN THE CHANNEL.
2073	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	Doesn't matter what it is, some people on this board will never accept ANY change whatsoever from the books. Even if it's well done like this particular scene. They couldn't have included Alayaya. It would have required too much set-up for such a minor character. Ros was the most logical stand in and I think the writers did a great job of tying her into it. STOP COMPLAINING OVER EVERYTHING. If you don't like the goddamn show then TURN THE CHANNEL.Caution Strawman AlertWho doesnt accept ANY change?that is pure nonsense.I have been as critical as anyone, cause the changes are a. against known characterizations b. inherently inconsistent and c. illogical and d. clicheI have praised repeatedly the handling of Theon's and B &R's story.  Even with the changes they are doing an excellent job of adapting the story without the cliches and inconsistencies and radical changes to characters.
2074	David Selig	2012-05-21	It's fine by me, we all saw it coming a year ago anyway.  Ros had to have some point for the plot apart from being a sexposition tool. The writers could've done a better job with Cersei's reasoning (a lion necklace is pretty weak), but that's extremely minor.
2075	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Really? You don't see what a difference it makes if the wealthy aristocrats are beating up on a black girl versus a white one?I dont....................
2076	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Lazy writing? Lazy commentary in this thread is more like it. Honestly, do you people even pay attention when you're watching? It is obviously strongly hinted as others have said that Varys tipped Cersei off as a misdirect. It's also obvious that Cersei would never pay attention to what a whore was doing and clearly never even saw the whores Tyrion "gifted" to Joffers. The only one who saw them was the Hound, who very obviously WASN'T THERE in this scene at all. It was Mandon Moore instead. The move makes sense. No, it's not perfect, but given the economy in which it was all handled, well done D&D.So clear was the hint that it wasn't picked up on by my wife.  Actually, there was just as much of an insinuation from Cersei that HER OWN spies figured out that Tyrion was in love with Ros.  So no, its not as clearly inferred as you say it was. I agree that the argument about Ros being sent to Joff is a weak one as Cersei wouldn't know.
2077	Tourniquet	2012-05-21	But why would Ros put up with it and not at least say something, anything?!
2078	Bride of Winter	2012-05-21	I think it theoretically would have worked, except in my mind Ros has become such a joke.Literally when they were about to bring "Shae" out I whispered 'just watch it be Ros...'  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 21 May 2012 - 01:13 PM.
2079	clarkside	2012-05-21	They actually set this up in season 1. When Theon is with Ros after the royal party leaves Winterfell he notes the chain that Tyrion gave her, calling it a "good tip." She's been wearing it almost every time she's on screen in season 2.Well spotted!Consolidating Ros and Alayaya works for the show. That scene would have more impact if it had been done at court like in the book. Oh well, it could have been worse.
2080	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-05-21	Why would Ros bother playing along when she presumably doesn't know of any hidden whore, when last time she did something for Tyrion she had to torture a coworker, and when now she is the one being tortured?If she didn't play along what do you think would happen to her? All she knows is that she has been beaten as Tyrion's secret whore, and Tyrion has promised that everything will be okay. In the past he has only shown her kindness, so I assume that she feels he's her only chance of making it out of this. Not to mention he will probably pay her extremely nicely for her trouble. Something tells me D&D were thinking the tv audience would have short term memory.I think they were expecting the audience to be a lot more perceptive.  so we are to believe cersei thinks tyrion loves ros enough to be effected by cerseis threats of pain and death, but cersei also believe tyrion doesnt care enough about her that he would allow joffrey (a person she knows tyrion doesnt like) to have sex with her? that is logical to you?Cersei doesn't know the identity of the whores that were sent to Joffery. Why would she?this was an insult to our intelligence. such a key example of what has been a really valid complaint. they have scenes in their mind, and then don't know how to move the pieces to get there logically. there is no reason, that we as viewers would know, that cersei would think tyrion wa sin love with ros. we know she has spies watching him. they probably would have seen the zero contact he has had with her in kings landing. just bad bad bad writing.Her spies haven't seen him have contact with any whore in King's Landing, which is why she turned to Vary's for assistance. Her spies more than likely did notice the necklace around Ros' neck, and that Ros seems to have some superiority over the other whores in her brothel, as evidenced by the show. It's not bad writing, the writers are overestimating the ability of their audience to follow the story. Lazy writing? Lazy commentary in this thread is more like it. Honestly, do you people even pay attention when you're watching? It is obviously strongly hinted as others have said that Varys tipped Cersei off as a misdirect. It's also obvious that Cersei would never pay attention to what a whore was doing and clearly never even saw the whores Tyrion "gifted" to Joffers. The only one who saw them was the Hound, who very obviously WASN'T THERE in this scene at all. It was Mandon Moore instead. The move makes sense. No, it's not perfect, but given the economy in which it was all handled, well done D&D. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2081	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	Caution Strawman Alert Who doesnt accept ANY change? that is pure nonsense. I have been as critical as anyone, cause the changes are a. against known characterizations b. inherently inconsistent and c. illogical and d. cliche I have praised repeatedly the handling of Theon's and B &R's story. Even with the changes they are doing an excellent job of adapting the story without the cliches and inconsistencies and radical changes to characters.It's the nitpicking that I cannot stand and this is obvious nitpicking. What objections could you have to this scene other than that it deviates from the book? It's already been explained very clearly by other board members how and why the scene works with Ros, yet you still choose to defend this false argument. You're LOOKING for something to find fault with. Of course you'll deny this...
2082	Tadco26	2012-05-21	I think Tyrion had more chemistry with Ros in season 1 than he ever has with Shae.
Ros's interactions with Tyrion in season 1 were much closer to how book Shae treats Tyrion than TV Shae has ever been.  Perhaps the actresses should have switched roles. 
They could have even had Shae introduced in episode 1 the same as Ros was, with her turnip cart ride from Winterfell ending up in Tyrion's camp rather than King's Landing, leaving her in Tyrion's tent again.  Then have the actress playing Shae take over the high dollar littlefinger whore role, which might have suited her more.
2083	Pellaeon	2012-05-21	I think Tyrion had more chemistry with Ros in season 1 than he ever has with Shae. Ros's interactions with Tyrion in season 1 were much closer to how book Shae treats Tyrion than TV Shae has ever been. Perhaps the actresses should have switched roles. They could have even had Shae introduced in episode 1 the same as Ros was, with her turnip cart ride from Winterfell ending up in Tyrion's camp rather than King's Landing, leaving her in Tyrion's tent again. Then have the actress playing Shae take over the high dollar littlefinger whore role, which might have suited her more.The Tyrion Ros interaction in season one was 3 minutes not more, they hadn't chemestry but I also believe that the Shae/Tyrion thing in this season is strange, but it could be going to be better in season 3 with a Sansa Tyrion Shae triangel
2084	Somnus	2012-05-21	I think Tyrion had more chemistry with Ros in season 1 than he ever has with Shae.Ros's interactions with Tyrion in season 1 were much closer to how book Shae treats Tyrion than TV Shae has ever been.  Perhaps the actresses should have switched roles.They could have even had Shae introduced in episode 1 the same as Ros was, with her turnip cart ride from Winterfell ending up in Tyrion's camp rather than King's Landing, leaving her in Tyrion's tent again.  Then have the actress playing Shae take over the high dollar littlefinger whore role, which might have suited her more.I agree with this.The actress that plays Ros does it very well, it's a shame though that her character is wasted on sexposition. But I guess that from here she'll be used by House Lannister and given to Ramsay Bolton as Sansa Stark (She knows the people of Winterfell, she's red-haired and it would have more impact on the dynamic between Theon and "Arya" (or in this case Sansa)) and hopefully becoming useful.I'm okay with deviations from the books when they make sense or change for the better like Dany having her dragons stolen or this change of Alayaya for Ros (I had completely forgotten about the necklace). Catelyn releasing Jamies without knowing that Bran and Rickon are "dead" on the other hand...The actress Shae on the other hand....she's so stiff and emotionless..ugh when she betrays Tyrion the TV-Viewers will all have seen it coming a mile away.
					
					
							Edited by Somnus, 21 May 2012 - 03:15 PM.
2085	Pellaeon	2012-05-21	But I guess that from here she'll be used by House Lannister and given to Ramsay Bolton as Sansa Stark (She knows the people of Winterfell, she's red-haired and it would have more impact on the dynamic between Theon and "Arya" (or in this case Sansa)) and hopefully becoming useful. I'm okay with deviations from the books when they make sense or change for the better like Dany having her dragons stolen or this change of Alayaya for Ros (I had completely forgotten about the necklace). Catelyn releasing Jamies without knowing that Bran and Rickon are "dead" on the other hand... The actress Shae on the other hand....she's so stiff and emotionless..ugh when she betrays Tyrion the TV-Viewers will all have seen it coming a mile away.No way she is much to old pretending to be Arya or Sansa, it's more likely they left this part out
2086	Somnus	2012-05-21	No way she is much to old pretending to be Arya or Sansa, it's more likely they left this part outWell, Jeyne Poole was also too old to play Arya, and all the lord bought it.Besides just the excuse of Sansa hitting puberty is enough to fool lords that never met/don't remember her.
					
					
							Edited by Somnus, 21 May 2012 - 03:22 PM.
2087	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	I don't think they would have briefly introduced Jeyne Poole in season one if they weren't planning her rouse as Arya in upcoming seasons. Plus I don't think Ros' vivacious character would fit well into Jeyne's role as the scared and meek victim.
But then again Talisa is very different from Jeyne Westerling so you never know.
2088	Tadco26	2012-05-21	The Tyrion Ros interaction in season one was 3 minutes not more, they hadn't chemestry but I also believe that the Shae/Tyrion thing in this season is strange, but it could be going to be better in season 3 with a Sansa Tyrion Shae triangelYes but she still had better chemistry and more affection in those 3 minutes than TV Shae has in all her time with Tyrion, plus we got the conversation with Theon and Ros where Ros implies that she enjoyed Tyrion's company.  Shae hasn't ever really implied that she enjoys Tyrion's company that I can recall, and even questioned why anyone would in season 1.
2089	K.C.	2012-05-21	I agree, its very lazy writing at best. At worst her spies just completely feed her bullshit info, at best, Varys owns her spies and has them feeding bad info, but none of that is even hinted at well enough to the casual viewer. My wife had no clue where any of that came from.It's been obvious for a while that Ros would play Chataya/Alayaya's roles at some point. But the fact that Shae is playing Sansa's maid this early is where the logic starts to break down.In the books, even sweet innocent Sansa knows all her maids are Cersei's spies. So when TV Shae tries to cow Sansa's maid into not telling the queen about Sansa's flowering, I was certain Cersei had found Tyrion's real whore.Add to that what others have said and the whole thing just felt too contrived.
2090	Somnus	2012-05-21	@Prince of Dragonstone
I think that if Jeyne Poole actually appears in the tv show again she'll probably be a new actress and since the TV viewers would never remember her they'd have to give her some screentime prior to her wedding.
About Ros, well she has been on a downward spiral ever since she left Winterfell and she had quite a few scenes with Theon, with Theon even showing to have some kind of infatuation.
 I can see imagine her being Ramsay's wife, damning the day she left Winterfell and placing her hopes on Theon as Jeyne kinda did in ADwD.
2091	Castel	2012-05-21	The main similarity to Alayaya is that she is a whore who took the beating meant for Shae. But there are some stark differences in the circumstances. 1) Alayaya is discovered because that is who Tyrion goes to "see" when he is really seeing Shae, slipping thru the secret door in her room. It makes more sense that a spy would reach that conclusion in those circumstances. You would think that spies would do enough research to know that Ros was the whore Tyrion sent to Joff. 2) Alayaya took the beating and protected Shae, as far as we know Ros doesn't even know about Shae. 3) Ros has slept with Tyrion, Alayaya never did. The scene didn't bother me. In comparison to many of the other changes, it was quite minor and made sense for Ros to fill that role. I wish they would have carried it a bit further with Tyrion sneaking thru the passages of Ros's room to get to Shae earlier in the season, but since that was Littlefinger's brothel rather than a location recommended by Varys, I understand how that would have been problematic too. I still don't know why, in the context of the TV show, Tyrion is in love with TV Shae. She generally treats him indifferently at best and disrespectfully at worst, and it is very hard for me to see why he would love her or even tolerate her. Most of the sex scenes in the show have been overly long for what they have added to the story, but Tyrion and Shae could have used another sex scene this season, and their chemistry has been non-existent.Pretty much. Of all the changes making Shae foreign  was the worst. Not only did it kill the dynamic it also muddied the issue of their relationship, and takes the sting out of some of her later actions, seriously, I can't imagine her biggest scene with that accent. I get that at the point she was introduced there were a ton of whores and submissive females and they didn't want it to go too far, but their relationship has no reason for existing at all, we can't see any reason why they've stayed together. The reason the other Shae lasted was that Tyrion couldn't let her go in King's Landing and she was pretty good at making him feel wanted.  Here... she's just there. It's strange.Really? You don't see what a difference it makes if the wealthy aristocrats are beating up on a black girl versus a white one?Not really...
2092	AndrA©s Garcia	2012-05-21	The fact that Sibel Kekilli isn't a very skilled actress mattered little to me, because Dinklage was so good in their scene together. His acting alone makes their relationship very believable.
2093	Reposado	2012-05-21	Doesn't matter what it is, some people on this board will never accept ANY change whatsoever from the books. Even if it's well done like this particular scene. They couldn't have included Alayaya. It would have required too much set-up for such a minor character. Ros was the most logical stand in and I think the writers did a great job of tying her into it. STOP COMPLAINING OVER EVERYTHING. If you don't like the goddamn show then TURN THE CHANNEL.if you don't like the forum, stop posting on it. believe it or now, many criticisms have little to do with how faithful to the book it is. this may shock you but its not that good of a show on its own merits.what makes it easy to criticize, is that it has a ton of potential, but the writers whiff a lot. it's a good show that is very enjoyable, but if the writers used a little logic more often, it could be a great show. as long as they do dumb stuff like tossing ros into this scene without bothering to explain it.and if a show like breaking bad once made a logic leap like GOT does on a weekly basis, it would be jumped all over by the very people who love it. we like good, we want perfection. we are free to criticize the good while still watching and enjoying
2094	Reposado	2012-05-21	Doesn't matter what it is, some people on this board will never accept ANY change whatsoever from the books. Even if it's well done like this particular scene. They couldn't have included Alayaya. It would have required too much set-up for such a minor character. Ros was the most logical stand in and I think the writers did a great job of tying her into it. STOP COMPLAINING OVER EVERYTHING. If you don't like the goddamn show then TURN THE CHANNEL.if you don't like the forum, stop posting on it. believe it or now, many criticisms have little to do with how faithful to the book it is. this may shock you but its not that good of a show on its own merits.what makes it easy to criticize, is that it has a ton of potential, but the writers whiff a lot. it's a good show that is very enjoyable, but if the writers used a little logic more often, it could be a great show. as long as they do dumb stuff like tossing ros into this scene without bothering to explain it.and if a show like breaking bad once made a logic leap like GOT does on a weekly basis, it would be jumped all over by the very people who love it. we like good, we want perfection. we are free to criticize the good while still watching and enjoying
2095	Queen Regent	2012-05-21	I'm so glad they did something from the books... I was waiting for the Alayaya scene.  I didn't anticipate it being Roz, and was a little scared when Cerscei said she had his girl, but I love how it played out!
At least Roz now has a "role", so all the complainers can quit complaining!
2096	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	i just watched the scene and have to say that the threat of hurting or killing roz was significantly reduced from the book.  In the show, cersei threatens tyrion over the safety of joffrey in teh book it was tommen.  In the movie tommen's whereabouts are unknown.  In the show joffrey is at KL obviously and as far as can be he will be safe.  if he is killed KL will likely fall. and they all lose their heads  I get it that the threat was due to Cersei's thinking Tyrion was plotting agasint Joffrey and it works in that sense.  But it was far more effective in the book causeTyrion kidnapped Tommen, for his own good that is, but Cersei was obviously worried about losing control of her son.
2097	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	if you don't like the forum, stop posting on it. believe it or now, many criticisms have little to do with how faithful to the book it is. this may shock you but its not that good of a show on its own merits. what makes it easy to criticize, is that it has a ton of potential, but the writers whiff a lot. it's a good show that is very enjoyable, but if the writers used a little logic more often, it could be a great show. as long as they do dumb stuff like tossing ros into this scene without bothering to explain it. and if a show like breaking bad once made a logic leap like GOT does on a weekly basis, it would be jumped all over by the very people who love it. we like good, we want perfection. we are free to criticize the good while still watching and enjoyingI don't mind criticisms about the show based on it's aspects as a show. But you cannot deny that many people are making criticisms based on deviations from the books,not realizing the budgetary and time constraints that naturally apply to television shows. They cannot divorce the show from the books in their minds so they're constantly comparing the two even though myself and many others on the forum have tried to educate them on the difference between literature and television...two completely different media forms with two completely different styles of storytelling. Critiques like "Littlefinger would never act like that" or "Why didn't they show Sansa's dress get torn off her body?" or "Catelyn didn't say she wanted to go back to Winterfell in the book!" are invalid because what works on the page does not work on the screen. If the public saw a 14 year old girl get stripped nude there would be an outrage. If the public saw a young black girl get beaten by a group of white men they could consider it too much. Not showing the slow build-up to Robb and Talisa/Jeyne's romance would not give a TV audience enough to understand why Robb went against his word to the Freys and would undercut the dramatic impact of the Red Wedding. I keep telling others to stop comparing the show and the books but it seems like a lost cause. I think the only way I'll be able to enjoy the show side of this forum is to just accept that there are people who make these comparisons. Just gloss over it when I read these threads or else I'll go mad with annoyance.
2098	Castel	2012-05-21	If the public saw a 14 year old girl get stripped nude there would be an outrage. If the public saw a young black girl get beaten by a group of white men they could consider it too muchSpeak for yourself, this is both patronizing and highly offensive. Not to mention that Alayaya being cut because of time constraints make much more sense.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 21 May 2012 - 10:25 PM.
2099	Precursor	2012-05-21	I don't mind criticisms about the show based on it's aspects as a show. But you cannot deny that many people are making criticisms based on deviations from the books,not realizing the budgetary and time constraints that naturally apply to television shows. They cannot divorce the show from the books in their minds so they're constantly comparing the two even though myself and many others on the forum have tried to educate them on the difference between literature and television...two completely different media forms with two completely different styles of storytelling. Critiques like "Littlefinger would never act like that" or "Why didn't they show Sansa's dress get torn off her body?" or "Catelyn didn't say she wanted to go back to Winterfell in the book!" are invalid because what works on the page does not work on the screen. If the public saw a 14 year old girl get stripped nude there would be an outrage. If the public saw a young black girl get beaten by a group of white men they could consider it too much. Not showing the slow build-up to Robb and Talisa/Jeyne's romance would not give a TV audience enough to understand why Robb went against his word to the Freys and would undercut the dramatic impact of the Red Wedding. I keep telling others to stop comparing the show and the books but it seems like a lost cause. I think the only way I'll be able to enjoy the show side of this forum is to just accept that there are people who make these comparisons. Just gloss over it when I read these threads or else I'll go mad with annoyance.And what about complaints over deviations that aren't required? The Dragon-napping, has required more screentime, and more money then if Dany had just gotten the invite (like she did at the party) and then gone. Unless they re-do the entire thing without showing the dragons once I don't see how this route is any cheaper. It certainly hasn't made it any more interesting, or helped with her character development. Of course if they never show the dragons that would just end up being bad television on its own merits. What's wrong with criticisms that some scene or actions are out of character for someone? Unless its related to explicit changes in the character from the books like the age changes of many of them, I don't see why saying "Littlefinger wouldn't act that way" is some kind of illegitimate complaint, when its OOC both within the show, and book. Unless I'm missing some absolutely major changes to his character. I'll agree with you that not showing the buildup would be bad, but totally changing the character? It certainly didn't save money or time, since those exact same resources would have been dedicated to explaining Jeyne's background (and if they turn out to be the same person, it wasted money). Some complaints about deviations may ignore the reality of the medium (like showing a 14 year olds tits) but I don't see why some of their changes were made.
2100	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-21	And what about complaints over deviations that aren't required? The Dragon-napping, has required more screentime, and more money then if Dany had just gotten the invite (like she did at the party) and then gone. Unless they re-do the entire thing without showing the dragons once I don't see how this route is any cheaper. It certainly hasn't made it any more interesting, or helped with her character development. Of course if they never show the dragons that would just end up being bad television on its own merits. What's wrong with criticisms that some scene or actions are out of character for someone? Unless its related to explicit changes in the character from the books like the age changes of many of them, I don't see why saying "Littlefinger wouldn't act that way" is some kind of illegitimate complaint, when its OOC both within the show, and book. Unless I'm missing some absolutely major changes to his character. I'll agree with you that not showing the buildup would be bad, but totally changing the character? It certainly didn't save money or time, since those exact same resources would have been dedicated to explaining Jeyne's background (and if they turn out to be the same person, it wasted money). Some complaints about deviations may ignore the reality of the medium (like showing a 14 year olds tits) but I don't see why some of their changes were made.Dany's storyline change needed to happen because, besides the House of the Undying, she would basically have no storyline this season. The reason why Littlefinger was given more scenes this season was because Adam Gillian is one of the better, standout actors in the series and became a fan favorite in Season One. So the producers rightfully decided to give him more to do this season. In the books it works that most of Littlefinger's actions are "off screen" but that simply doesn't fly in television. The audience needs to see him do these things or people would forget about who he is.
2101	Maester Nikolas	2012-05-21	Unfortunately most of HBO's audience is american, and the average american layperson barely knows where Canada is, let alone anything else- thus, ham-handed GoT, if that's even possible. It butchers some really beautiful pieces of story-telling, but at least ASOIAF is getting a significantly better adaption than many books, like, say, Eragon [Still disappointed on that one. It could have been a really good movie  ]
					
					
							Edited by Maester Nikolas, 21 May 2012 - 11:52 PM.
2102	Hyper	2012-05-22	fwiw, i rewatched the episode with ros from s1 ep1 and tryion did not give her any chain, I am looking for the other scenes to see if she has a chaingThe medallion is mentioned in the Theon/Ros scene.But the clearest picture of it can be seen here in this image, where Ros heads for KL: http://i.imgur.com/iApwi.jpgThat's quite the ingenious planning ahead, I must say.
2103	MoonCoffee	2012-05-22	In the books, even sweet innocent Sansa knows all her maids are Cersei's spies. So when TV Shae tries to cow Sansa's maid into not telling the queen about Sansa's flowering, I was certain Cersei had found Tyrion's real whore.This. I know they will keep the whore-beating scene because Tyrion's line about destroying Cersei's happiness is in one of the trailers, and when Shae threatened the other maid last week I thought that would be the trigger for Cersei to seize her, investigate her, and discover that she is Tyrion's whore. In Cersei's eyes, a lowly servant daring to stand up for Sansa would be enough grounds for punishment. Even if the Hound doesn't tell, there is no reason why the other maid wouldn't rat Shae out to Cersei.Regarding Ros as Alayaya's substitute, one one hand I like that the lion necklace from last season become a plot point. On the other hand, now I'm thinking that Tyrion gifting her that is kind of unnatural. He could've tipped her with money or a less Lannister-y jewel.
2104	ChromeWeasel	2012-05-22	Really? You don't see what a difference it makes if the wealthy aristocrats are beating up on a black girl versus a white one?Not everyone is consumed by irrational white guilt.
2105	ChromeWeasel	2012-05-22	I'm so glad they did something from the books... I was waiting for the Alayaya scene. I didn't anticipate it being Roz, and was a little scared when Cerscei said she had his girl, but I love how it played out! At least Roz now has a "role", so all the complainers can quit complaining!Using Ros here was fine. Makes enough sense from Cersei's point of view and moves the story along. But Shae's character has been terrible ever since she's been on screen. In the books I can see why Tyrion fell in love with her. All the flattery and great sex and her perfect looks will eventually get to you. Eventually you believe what she repeats over and over because you want to believe it. But In the show I don't see any love between the two. She's not lying about it and Tyrion has no reason to fall for her.
2106	Envie	2012-05-22	I agree with this. The actress that plays Ros does it very well, it's a shame though that her character is wasted on sexposition. But I guess that from here she'll be used by House Lannister and given to Ramsay Bolton as Sansa Stark (She knows the people of Winterfell, she's red-haired and it would have more impact on the dynamic between Theon and "Arya" (or in this case Sansa)) and hopefully becoming useful.While I can see how you came to these theories (red hair, connection to Theon) - I cannot possibly imagine how they would get viewers to buy in to having Ros stand in for Jayne Poole as the fake Arya -OR- as a fake Sansa, AT ALL. The actress for Ros is clearly a full grown, very curvy woman, not a young girl who has just barely gotten her first period, and certainly not a scrawny little tomboy like Arya. No one, not even those characters who have never met Sansa or Arya would be fooled by that! And especially anyone at Winterfell who knew Ros... no way. They can't possibly think that would work from a filming standpoint.I've seen this theory before and honestly, if that's what they intend to use Ros for after this, I'm going to really start losing more esteem for the writers. I think using Ros as Alayaya was a great move and they don't really need to do anything else with her after this, she filled an important role in the plot from the books. Is it necessary for her to be someone else too?
2107	sagaz	2012-05-22	I'm starting a thread because I know this is going to get a lot of discussion. I actually started to like Ros this season, and I thought that scene played out very well. And for the purists, let me just say that I for one am relieved that we didn't have a young black girl stripped and beaten by a bunch of wealthy white aristocrats. I'm not typically politically correct by any means, and I understand compartmentalizing a fantasy series versus the real world, but there is just waaaaay too much baggage behind the original scene from the books. This is the only way it could work, and it did.I didn't read the whole thread but I think the Ros character is going to fill every salient whore in the books. In my last reread, I kept figuring her face in that scene at the wall were Jon is in a tower with Satin, some other guy and a whore from mole town throwing arrows at the wildlings (the attack before Stannis make his entrance, the one when Ygritte dies). Also I'm almost confident that she somehow would be one of Mance's spearwives when we get there.edit: choosing of words
					
					
							Edited by sagaz, 22 May 2012 - 12:44 PM.
2108	Precursor	2012-05-22	Dany's storyline change needed to happen because, besides the House of the Undying, she would basically have no storyline this season. The reason why Littlefinger was given more scenes this season was because Adam Gillian is one of the better, standout actors in the series and became a fan favorite in Season One. So the producers rightfully decided to give him more to do this season. In the books it works that most of Littlefinger's actions are "off screen" but that simply doesn't fly in television. The audience needs to see him do these things or people would forget about who he is.I have no problem with Littlefinger getting more screentime. He's one of my favorite characters, his scene with Arya and Tywin I absolutely loved. Openly confronting Cersei on the other hand does not seem like something he would do though. He uses subterfuge, not naked threats. Does the man who walked up to the Queen surrounded by her guards and nearly got her to kill him seem like the same man who would so throughly, and completely manipulate the Lords of the Vale? Why do we need a large Dany storyline? Given the cuts they've made to other stories, I don't see why she couldn't have had a comparatively minor role this season. The characters all wax and wane in importance so I don't see why she couldn't be less important this season, and more important in later seasons. The scene with Mormont in the last episode I really couldn't stand. She wants to go there and get her Dragons, they want her to go there and get her Dragons, Mormont worships her and basically does whatever she wants, so why aren't they going there? Her storyline, unless I'm forgetting something, is pretty simple in the book as well, why jazz it up and waste money, and screentime when what viewers want to see is Westeros? The storyline is still boring, and taking up way more screentime then a relatively straightforward following of her story would.
2109	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-22	Using Ros here was fine. Makes enough sense from Cersei's point of view and moves the story along. But Shae's character has been terrible ever since she's been on screen. In the books I can see why Tyrion fell in love with her. All the flattery and great sex and her perfect looks will eventually get to you. Eventually you believe what she repeats over and over because you want to believe it. But In the show I don't see any love between the two. She's not lying about it and Tyrion has no reason to fall for her.I can't figure out why they changed the personality of Shae as well as her age.  She's supposed to be a sweet-talking, pretty, opportunistic girl who satisfies Tyrion's needs and who he convinces himself he loves based largely on her devotion to him, which is totally bought.  She doesn't love him, she's not particularly worldly-wise (as TV-Shae is) or someone who would befriend Sansa.  It is an essential part of Tyrion's complex character that he is so drawn to Shae, and that he falls in love with her (or the illusion that she projects, since I doubt that Tyrion has ever known the real Shae); because their 'love' is connected to the love that Tyrion had for Tysha, that was so tragically and abruptly perverted and destroyed.  I think that the TV show's creators and writers want the prostitutes portrayed in the show as fundamentally good, strong-willed women, 'hookers with hearts of gold'; and GRRM wrote them with more variety (Chataya and Alayaya come close, but still seem sophisticated and aware of the currents of power).  I would have found a TV portrayal of Alayaya more interesting than what's been done with Roz, unless Alayaya on TV was just used for sexposition and unnecessary extra proof of Joffrey's evilness.  Perhaps TV-Shae will turn against Tyrion because she is angered over his marriage to Sansa?  I don't know; TV Shae is something of an enigma and not a comprehensible one, or one that really makes sense in Westeros (unless she's working for Varys).
2110	Independent George	2012-05-22	Not everyone is consumed by irrational white guilt.I'm not white, and it's not guilt.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 22 May 2012 - 03:18 PM.
2111	Sixshells	2012-05-22	To be honest, your point is tied to quite a specific  context. And a pretty specific hierarchy too, when we are talking about about a  show where there we see  kids thrown out of windows, burnt children cadavers, babies gutted, people killed, women and young girls beaten and casually threatened with rape (including with a sadistic vibe at a meta level in the scene with Joffrey, the whores and that stupid sceptre), and so on. I see where you are coming from but I don't think it's realistic to expect everyone to react the same as you at the idea and think that it would be unacceptable to show a black woman being beaten and that it would be OK, or much less unacceptable, to show a white (or Asian, or whatever) woman being beaten, and even more so on an international board, even though it does makes sense in a a certain context that is not necessarily shared by everybody.
Also: they don't show Cercei having Ros beaten (thank God), so why assume that if they had kept Alayaya they would have shown that scene, anyway?
Edit : spelling
					
					
							Edited by Sixshells, 22 May 2012 - 07:56 PM.
2112	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	Why would Ros bother playing along when she presumably doesn't know of any hidden whore, when last time she did something for Tyrion she had to torture a coworker, and when now she is the one being tortured?Yep.  Unless of course Varys is playing both sides of this and convinced her to go along with it - which would just be patently ridiculous.  There were plenty of opportunities throughout to make a stronger connection to Ros for Tyrion, this was just a little weak.  Also the "love" Tyrion has for Shae seemed to come out of left field a little bit.
2113	High_Heart_Hag	2012-05-24	so why is it surprising she jumps to the wrong conclusion when they find a Lannister chain on Ros (thanks to Varys, I'm guessing)?Who's to say it wasn't Baelish?  He's clearly expressed that he considers her a liability asset. Bringing her to Cersei's attention means he doesn't have to do the dirty work and maintains faith on both sides of Lannister squabbles.
2114	teemo	2012-05-24	I can't figure out why they changed the personality of Shae as well as her age. She's supposed to be a sweet-talking, pretty, opportunistic girl who satisfies Tyrion's needs and who he convinces himself he loves based largely on her devotion to him, which is totally bought. She doesn't love him, she's not particularly worldly-wise (as TV-Shae is) or someone who would befriend Sansa. It is an essential part of Tyrion's complex character that he is so drawn to Shae, and that he falls in love with her (or the illusion that she projects, since I doubt that Tyrion has ever known the real Shae); because their 'love' is connected to the love that Tyrion had for Tysha, that was so tragically and abruptly perverted and destroyedI've heard some people say that they find it unrealistic and "out of character" that Tyrion would fall for an airhead like Shae, so that TV Shae actually makes more sense.  I actually think that is 100% wrong and you are correct.  How many people act 100% different in their love lives than they do with everyone else???  I do, I know that's for sure.  Tyrion had a tragic experience with Tysha and that's why he finds himself falling for these types of girls.  It makes total sense and I hate that they have to turn every girl from the book into a worldly badass.  I think book Shae was perfect.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 May 2012 - 11:42 AM.
2115	zippypoodle	2012-05-24	cersei knows tyrion sent hores to joffrey she thinks that ros is tyrion's love it is logical she would make some basic inquiry into who ros is the hound, varys, LF, joffrey all know who ros is, the whore that tyrion sent to joffrey again it boggles the mind that cersei would think that this is the whore tyrion lovesI want to take you with me on my next hike through the woods. You'll make darn sure all the nits are picked off me.
2116	Woman of War	2012-05-24	Only a short remark: The Ros actress is very good and has a lot of potential that yet has to be shown, she should be challenged even more. i like her and she is beautiful on top. This. Stop picking on Ros.
2117	teemo	2012-05-24	I want to take you with me on my next hike through the woods. You'll make darn sure all the nits are picked off me.lol he does have a pretty good point though
2118	Jolene Brown	2012-05-24	It makes total sense and I hate that they have to turn every girl from the book into a worldly badass. I think book Shae was perfect.THIS!  It is such a huge pet peeve for me.  This is not a series about the year 2012.  It's about a faux-medieval world, with a mostly rigid class hierarchy and gender roles.  I hate the changes they've made to the characterization of Margaery/Talisa if she's Jeyne/ and Shae.  It's so frustrating.  We already have Cercei/Dany to some extent/Arya/Brienne to be somewhat tougher or more obviously combative female characters.
2119	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-24	I'm not white, and it's not guilt.I'm white and its not guilt.  Its the fact that this is a White dominated show (other than Xaro really, which was white in the books as I recall!), so having one other black character get beaten down by a bunch of white guys, is just stupid.
2120	Ser Hippie	2012-05-24	Who's to say it wasn't Baelish? He's clearly expressed that he considers her a liability asset. Bringing her to Cersei's attention means he doesn't have to do the dirty work and maintains faith on both sides of Lannister squabbles.I was assuming LF was too busy teleporting around Westeros to be Cersei's source.
2121	David Selig	2012-05-24	I've heard some people say that they find it unrealistic and "out of character" that Tyrion would fall for an airhead like Shae, so that TV Shae actually makes more sense.  Yeah, those people totally misread Tyrion's character in the books. He wants a beautiful woman who won't challenge him in any way so he could keep gloating how much smarter he is and keep showing off his knowledge and intellect to her. Smart women make him uncomfortable.
2122	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Yeah, those people totally misread Tyrion's character in the books. He wants a beautiful woman who won't challenge him in any way so he could keep gloating how much smarter he is and keep showing off his knowledge and intellect to her. Smart women make him uncomfortable.gee you think tyrion has a thing about power in interpersonal relationships?
2123	Greywolf2375	2012-05-25	Only a short remark: The Ros actress is very good and has a lot of potential that yet has to be shown, she should be challenged even more. i like her and she is beautiful on top. This. Stop picking on Ros.Esme Bianco is a talented actress, I don't really see people picking on her.Ros is for the most part an abomination through no fault of the actress.
2124	Tadco26	2012-05-25	That''s pretty much how I feel, and there are even some scenes Ros has been in that have been good, or at least acceptable.  But there have been quite a few that have added minimally for the screen time used, or have been written in a clumsy way.  Not the actress' fault, another actress wouldn't have made them any better.
Part of the problem is the way chapters have to be compressed for the show.  Everyone knows the book has sex scenes, and a common defense of Ros's scenes are that there is sex in the books too.  The problem is that the typical chapter of material is covered in less than 5 minutes of time.  So when you have a 5 minute sex scene, that event is being given as much importance as an entire chapter of content.  So just like they have to cut the battles and not show them, they have to be judicious in which sex scenes they actually show.
Some sex scenes certainly are important.  In fact I would say Tyrion and Shae need another one soon to give us some reason why Tyrion puts up with her, much less lovers her.  But others have been overly long or added minimally to the story for the amount of time they have been given, and unfortunately for Ms Bianco, Ros has been in most of them.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 25 May 2012 - 09:46 AM.
2125	The Ragged Man	2012-05-25	Did Trant beat her? Maybe so and Tyrion finds out and D&D use this in the Battle of Blackwater?
2126	zippypoodle	2012-05-26	Esme Bianco is a talented actress, I don't really see people picking on her.Ros is for the most part an abomination through no fault of the actress.Only if you're a stinking book purist.
2127	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-26	my only complaint is that I wanted someone to be named Alayaya.  It's just such a great whore name.
Obviously Varys is doing Tyrion a favor, possibly having been intimidated by some of his henchmen, bronn, etc.  That's not too hard to understand.
2128	Castel	2012-05-26	I'm white and its not guilt.  Its the fact that this is a White dominated show (other than Xaro really, which was white in the books as I recall!), so having one other black character get beaten down by a bunch of white guys, is just stupid.See, I don't understand this. I'm black and I find it more patronising than anything. It's basically a bunch of racial protectionists claiming that the audience, which has handled a string of child deaths at the end of three consecutive episodes, that has handled incest and murder and attempted rape will now somehow lose their minds over a perfectly valid scene. The unspoken implication here seems even worse, that the beating of one black girl by white characters is an especially terrible crime, one that the audience can't bear. Seriously  what?Alayaya's race shouldn't be a factor at all, her position in the plot is what counts.I honestly don't get the argument here, it's completely eluding me.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 26 May 2012 - 08:47 PM.
2129	zippypoodle	2012-05-27	Castel, are you from the states?
2130	Castel	2012-05-27	Castel, are you from the states?No. I am living there currently though.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 27 May 2012 - 07:27 PM.
2131	zippypoodle	2012-05-27	No.I think that explains why you don't see it.  Not sure this board is really the place for THAT discussion though.
2132	Castel	2012-05-27	I think that explains why you don't see it.  Not sure this board is really the place for THAT discussion though.I guess, Americans have always been very sensitive racially, which is generally a good thing, but this is just not. Treat people like people, and stop focusing on their skin color.Whatever.
2133	archer501	2013-02-21	Sorry if this question might have been answered already but who gave Ros the Lannister necklace? Cersei  says to Tyrion, "Really? A Lannister lion necklace?! You need to hide your secret whores more carefully."
I was thinking maybe it might have been Joffrery, as compensation for his sadomasochism the night Tyrion had her and another girl sent to his room...
2134	lannistergold	2013-02-28	Since getting captured by Cersei was the only thing Alayaya did, it makes sense to just cut her when there's a character already in the show who could fill that role just as easily.
...It makes sense, anyway, until you consider how much good reason Ros has to be angry with Tyrion. Ah well. Seeing Ros being stoical for once was interesting. Could this be lasting character development?
2135	Patchface12	2012-05-21	Now that Game of Thrones wiki, not to mention Oona Chaplin's twitter point out, I think Talissa is truly Jeyne Westerling. One important fact Game of Thrones wiki pointed out was that Talissa did not want to go with Robb to the Crag. She wanted to make a list for its Maester rather than go there herself. This leads me to believe she's Jeyne Westerling going by another name 
I'm assuming that we don't find out her true identity till much later on
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 22 May 2012 - 10:47 AM.
2136	Ran	2012-05-21	Uh, she already went with Robb to the Crag. They were on their way back, in fact, in this episode.
Nothing happened there. She is who she says she is.
2137	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-21	She is who she says she is. Time to give up on J Westerling.She will not show her face in this adaptation of the books.
2138	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	I think she will, but it will be too late.
2139	Michaelj	2012-05-21	She let it slip in an interview she was called Jeyne, unless she was trolling us. -.-
2140	Robb_	2012-05-21	Was hard watching those scenes knowing what is going to be the outcome, don't do it Robb!!
2141	House Snow	2012-05-21	Well if she is Jeyne then Kudos to the writers b/c I have been completely fooled.  That being said she did act kind of wierd when that rider was approaching.
2142	Ran	2012-05-21	She didn't let it slip. The role was cast as Jeyne. They changed her name later when they apparently decided to cut that she was Jeyne Westerling. But because she kept being referred to as Jeyne in the press, you can just imagine that in her interviews there were invisible quotes around Jeyne -- "Jeyne" -- every time she said it.
According to Richard Madden, she's Talisa Maegyr, and that's it. She was called Jeyne before shooting started, but by the time cameras were rolling, she was just Talisa.
2143	Frumpus	2012-05-21	She let it slip in an interview she was called Jeyne, unless she was trolling us. -.-You know it's not that hard for producers to make a last minute change.My best guess is they decided to rename Jeyne Westerling so they could reintroduce Jeyne Poole later on. Or they decided that Oona Chaplin didn't really look the part, so they decided to change her to be more foreign.
2144	Buckwheat	2012-05-21	Uh, she already went with Robb to the Crag. They were on their way back, in fact, in this episode. Nothing happened there. She is who she says she is.It would have been good if they explained that, in my opinon. Since when is talking with Talisa more important than, say, tell his vassals and his mother about what they discussed at the Crag?I actually thought they were going towards the Crag when Robb got the news, and he returned to the camp because of it. Why mention the Crag at all?
2145	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-21	I forgave Robb in the book because of his state of mind, but this one i cannot. no excuse what so ever.
2146	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	Even if that is true, I would really encourage a major retcon in season 3.  It is not too late.  For real.
edit to add:  Aside from the other issues, I think Talisa is just a terrible name, very old school fantasy.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 21 May 2012 - 05:45 PM.
2147	TheSwordOfTheEvening	2012-05-21	Ok so maybe Talisa is not Jeyne Westerling, but theres still lingering questions. She seemed uncomfortable when Robb talked about cutting Jofffreys head off, about going to the crag, and when that rider came up. Maybe Jeyne's just a very good liar, but why would a highborn lady be serving as a nurse in an enemy camp...
Reaching with this one, but maybe she's a spy or something hired by Varys/the Lannisters to get with Robb and turn the Freys against him.
2148	mcb	2012-05-21	You know it's not that hard for producers to make a last minute change.My best guess is they decided to rename Jeyne Westerling so they could reintroduce Jeyne Poole later on. It's legal to have two characters sharing the same first name. At least on premium cable.
2149	Ran	2012-05-21	Last episode establishes Robb is returning to the camp by the morning, so yeah, he was returning. I think the Crag was mentioned just as a nod to that part of the story in the books.
Is Jeyne uncomfortable about Robb talking about taking off Joffrey's head? Sure, because she seems to have a strong opposition to violence.
Is she uncomfortable about going to the Crag? Yes, because she realized that Robb was going out of his way to keep her close to him, to spend time with her, and she's nervous about that relationship.
Is she nervous when the rider shows up? Yes, because he's interrupting her conversation with that dreamboat, Robb Stark, and she was liking it.
She really is what she says she is.
2150	Michaelj	2012-05-21	Last episode establishes Robb is returning to the camp by the morning, so yeah, he was returning. I think the Crag was mentioned just as a nod to that part of the story in the books. Is Jeyne uncomfortable about Robb talking about taking off Joffrey's head? Sure, because she seems to have a strong opposition to violence. Is she uncomfortable about going to the Crag? Yes, because she realized that Robb was going out of his way to keep her close to him, to spend time with her, and she's nervous about that relationship. Is she nervous when the rider shows up? Yes, because he's interrupting her conversation with that dreamboat, Robb Stark, and she was liking it. She really is what she says she is.Do you 100% know or are you theorizing?I don't know but correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't her father a Westerling and her mother a noble from Essos where Jeyne spent time in her youth? 
							Edited by Michaelj, 21 May 2012 - 06:10 PM.
2151	Meg Stark	2012-05-21	I just keep hoping that she is somehow Jeyne or at least a Westerling or a different name or another highborn girl from Westeros. I'm not a book purist and I actually like seeing the interactions with her and Robb on screen. I just cannot wrap my head around introducing a completely random person. It is seriously my biggest complaint with the season. Maybe I'm just mad because it ruins my hopes for more of a storyline with Jeyne in the books. 
Does anyone else think it is still possible?
2152	Ran	2012-05-21	That she and Robb went to the Crag and are returning from there in this episode is clear -- it's what Robb said he was going to do, and in the last episode we heard they were about to return.
The other stuff is, I suppose, "speculating", but the fact is that what everyone's trying to read as proof that there's something fishy is, in fact, a straightforward series of clichA© Hollywood romance elements (yes, I'm not a fan of the Robb-Talisa story; not the fault of the actors).
Why did they change it? Because this was the "season of romance", and I guess they couldn't come up with a good way to have Jeyne Westerling or another noble maiden performing battlefield surgery and sassing kings, so they used the excuse of a foreigner and her being an outsider letting her do odd things.
And no, Jeyne Westerling has never been in the east. Her grandmother was from the east, but otherwise she's Westerosi, and lived all her life in the westerlands so far as we know.
2153	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I just rewatched the scene between robb and talisa where they hook up
gag me with a spear
2154	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-21	I don't really mind the omission of Jeyne Westerling. the Westerlings are not entirely necessary for the RW as long as there are Freys and Boltons. plus Talissa and her amazing body actually looks worth losing a war for
2155	turdle	2012-05-21	can anyone explain why she interrupted rob and rooses discussion? she marches into the tent like she's got something important to say, and roose kindly leaves, but then all she says is, "how are you?" really? you see the king and one of his bannermen having a discussion in the kings tent, and you break up their talk just to ask robb "how are you?"
"roose, i'm going to have to ask you to leave, we'll carry on the talk of strategy and retaking winterfell later, someone is here to make small talk. sure is nice weather out tonight. seen any good movies lately?"
HBO, please at least give the girl a reason to be in the tent.
2156	Ran	2012-05-21	I presume she was trying to work up the nerve to have a fling with Robb. She wants to be with him, nothing stands in the way of that, love knows no bounds, etc. Standard Hollywood cliches.
2157	turdle	2012-05-21	I presume she was trying to work up the nerve to have a fling with Robb. She wants to be with him, nothing stands in the way of that, love knows no bounds, etc. Standard Hollywood cliches.yeah but even if she had ANYTHING to say, it would have been better. thanks for your help; we were able to get what we needed; i still don't have enough supplies; etc. OR if when she entered and saw that robb wasn't alone, she started to leave, and roose excused himself, fine. but instead she stands there waiting, like shes got a thought in her head... and nothing.
2158	Mad Queen	2012-05-21	So is she not a Lannister spy? If there's no trap for Robb, no plotting going on to create a falling-out between Starks and Freys, the Red Wedding will be less interesting. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2159	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	She wasn't a trap in the books either, her mom just took advantage after the fact.
2160	David Selig	2012-05-21	At this point would be pretty silly if it turns out she's Jeyne Westerling in disguise. She went to the Crag, everything was fine. And the Volantris story seemed genuine -  it matches the details about the city we know from the books.
 It seems the writers just decided to make her a foreigner to help explain her "sassy" behaviour.
2161	Mad Queen	2012-05-21	She wasn't a trap in the books either, her mom just took advantage after the fact.She might have encouraged Jeyne to comfort Robb that way, but even if that did not happen, Talisa's mom (or anyone else) isn't there to take advantage after the fact.
2162	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	The Freys abandon Robb at the Crag before any plotting between the Westerlings and Tywin could take place. Bolton and Frey begin plotting (along with Tywin) once the news comes out and Bolton believes/realizes Robb is going to bring him down with him.
Sybelle Westerling's only importance to the Red Wedding in the books is that she's purposefully feeding Jeyne a contraceptive to keep her from getting pregnant, so I'm not seeing why the TV RW would be less interesting.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 21 May 2012 - 07:58 PM.
2163	Mad Queen	2012-05-21	Because in the books, Robb was surrounded by the Westerlings, had them as squires etc. Robb does the right thing by Jeyne, welcomes her family to his and the Westerlings are ready to stab him in the back.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Queen, 21 May 2012 - 08:07 PM.
2164	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	Other than Sybelle's contraception what Westerling betrayal are we losing out? Rollam was a loyal squire, Raynald dies defending Grey Wind (offscreen). Rolph Spicer?
2165	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	Dreaded house double post appearance
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 21 May 2012 - 08:20 PM.
2166	Mad Queen	2012-05-21	It's not about anyone in particular. The Westerlings hardly matter as characters.
2167	birdsong66	2012-05-21	I think she is a component of what Ned talked about with arya in S1.  Dividing them as outside forces have, has weakened the strength the Starks possess when together.  Talisa weakens Robb not just because of the Frey issue should it lead to marriage, but it divides him from his mother, the only other Stark who is with him.  Destroy that two person unit, destroy the impact of the Northern rebellion in general.  Same with sending Theon, releasing Jaime....each becomes weaker when separated from the other.  And Roose is there to observe and report on progress.
the pack is effectively destroyed.  And now each is fairly easy prey.  Jeyne/Talisa, whatever, the end is the same.  But the depiction for HBO is trite and boring, IMO.
2168	Umberto	2012-05-21	That body...forget about comforting Robb when he was vulnerable, now I know the real reason he threw everything away for her.
Good job Robb, no regrets! (except maybe your horrible death)
					
					
							Edited by Umberto, 21 May 2012 - 09:38 PM.
2169	MoonCoffee	2012-05-22	At this point I'm half hoping she's a Lannister spy. Robb captured that one spy in season 1 and sent him back to Tywin with an insult. It wouldn't be out of character for Tywin to refuse letting that slight to his pride slide, and retaliate accordingly.
The writers need a very good reason why Robb would marry her though. Or why she would accept to marry him, since she's an intelligent person who should be able to see that him marrying her isn't a good decision for the Northern people (not just the nobility).
2170	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Is her name Talissa (with a double s) to rhyme with Melissa, or is it Talisa (with just a single s)to rhyme with Elisa?
2171	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	The writers need a very good reason why Robb would marry her though. Or why she would accept to marry him, since she's an intelligent person who should be able to see that him marrying her isn't a good decision for the Northern people (not just the nobility).Your second point is an especially good one, I think.
2172	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	It's not about anyone in particular. The Westerlings hardly matter as characters.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mean  this to contradict or disagree with your point, which I think holds even so, but wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Jeyneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s grandmother Maggy the Frog, who prophesied the prophecy to Cersei?She dreamt an old dream, of three girls in brown cloaks, a wattled crone, and a tent that smelled of death.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 01:00 AM.
2173	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-22	I posted this theory in the 208 Discussion as well.
I was thinking about the possibility of Talissa being Jeyne Westerling but a different one than the sweet and innocent girl in the books. Maybe she is indeed a spy for Tywin and will be loyal to the Lannisters until the end. She may end up being to the group of Robb's betrayers, replacing her mother? That would add some tragedy to Robb's story, as if the Red Wedding itself weren't tragic enough.
2174	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	I just re-read this whole section of the book.  I honestly don't see why they couldn't have done it exactly that way - Catelyn is in trouble with Robb's men in his absence for releasing the Kingslayer - he comes home with his new bride and everyone flips out.  That would have been a shocking twist on the tv show, much more interesting than a fairly cliched meet cute and pretty standard romantic drama banter.  Then explore the aftermath and get to know Jeyne as his new bride. It's not like he had to be offscreen very long.  Send him off to conquer the crag in episode five or six, do your kingslayer drama with him gone in episode seven, bring him back with her in episode eight.  
I honestly don't see why we had to meet her before she married him.  There is plenty of time between then and the Red Wedding for us to get to know her and the point of the Red Wedding anyway is that we mourn Catelyn and Robb, the characters we have come to love since the beginning of the story, not that we mourn Robb's lost relationship.  I truly don't think there was any need to change it for tv - in fact, I actually think on tv it would have worked better this way and provided a much more interesting surprise.  By the time Robb and Talisa slept together on the show, it was painfully obvious that was where it was headed, but who the hell could have seen him showing up with his new wife from the enemy's ranks in the wake of the Kingslayer release.  I'm not trying to be a super purist or a whiner, although i definitely hate the storyline we got; I just really think the book storyline would have been more interesting on the show as well and could have worked just fine.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 22 May 2012 - 01:50 AM.
2175	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	It's not about anyone in particular. The Westerlings hardly matter as characters.Okay...if you're upset we're losing the Westerling betrayal in general, that's one thing. I just don't understand what it has to do with making the Red Wedding less interesting, since the Westerlings are explicitly kept out of that (Sybelle being furious at Jaime because it led to Raynald's death). The Freys/Boltons/Tywin did that on their own.The substantive betrayal we're losing is Tywin ensuring Robb didn't have an heir...which might be intentional (or might now, no way to know).
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 22 May 2012 - 02:05 AM.
2176	Rapsie	2012-05-22	The substantive betrayal we're losing is Tywin ensuring Robb didn't have an heir...which might be intentional (or might now, no way to know).It takes away a lot. I wonder if the Lannisters will have any involvement with the Red Wedding now, or if it will be toned down to the Freys offer to change sides and all the Lannisters are shocked at their actions. Yet another ripple of the butterfly effect. The only way it will work is if she has been Tywin Lannister's spy since the beginning.The introduction of Talissa has given valuable screen time to a very cliched romance which I would not have a problem with ifa) The writing was better and not as someone on another thread pointed out, sounding as if it was a WWI drama.B ) Her screen time has prevented actual time being spent on other characters whose bad story and motivations have been left out.Things they could have done whilst we had the pointless CPR in Volantis storyline.a)The psychopath that is Gregor Clegane is just absent this season. That quick line from book one about gouging out scouts eyes if they don't report anything could have been inserted at the table discussion at Harrenhal and given Arya a better reason to jump ship given that she would have to be his cup bearer. 20 seconds of dialogue put to good use.B ) A quick shot of Ser Dontos trying to hit Sansa with rotten veg before she was beaten, so the audience doesn't forget who he is and the escape attempt won't now seem really out of the blue.c) After the riot Tyrion telling Sandor Clegane fleabottom was on fire, so we could actually get he is terrified of fire. A good build up to Blackwater. 30 seconds of dialogue.d) The Tyrion posioning Cersei so then when the trial comes around in season 4, it will be more memorable that Tyrion did have Pycelle's poisions. (Tyrion may have been innocent but the circumstantial evidence was fairly vast) Maybe two minutes of a scene.e) More about the Wildlings and Tyrion needing them and the sellswords to maintain his position against his sister. A 10 - 20 second conversation with Bronn.f) Better exposition on Stannis and Davos.g) Not rushed every Sansa scene and actually given her as a POV character, some of the important parts of her arc.Actually I'll stop now. There are just so many things they could have done better with that time.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 22 May 2012 - 04:48 AM.
2177	KC_Accidental	2012-05-22	I agree that the writing for her scenes have generally been poor and I have big reservations about the way she spends more time at Robb's side than his generals or other soldiers. His men are now so accustomed to her being there that when his rider approaches he addresses her as well as Robb! Roose Bolton taking leave from Robb's tent and saying "my lady" is fine, that is common courtesy though I would suspect he wouldn't bother in the books as she is just a commoner. I'll let it slide though. But soldiers addressing her as a noble when giving vital news to their King?! NO!
Anyway I think last nights scene with Talissa giving her back story was very well done. I think they have tried to humanise her character with good morals so Robb has something to be attracted to morally. She's a good woman and Robb see's that. I think that is very well done but the execution up until that scene has been woeful and Robb himself has been dire (wolf). "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" stinks of being a petulant little teenager. I get that he IS a teenager or there abouts but he shouldn't be a petulant complaining little shit. But Talissa's story not only tells us that she's a good woman and like Robb and Ned she doesn't care about gold, glory and all the other noble nonsense but it also gives us a nice little insight into Volantis. 
I'm not sure why people are complaining so much about her not being Jeyne though. I get that it was confusing at first, not knowing if it was her or not but do people actually cry out at night because they're not getting a character we knew almost nothing about? My memories of Jeyne are that she cried a lot. I think it's also much better that there's an actual love interest here and not some noble bint shacking up with Robb after knowing him for a couple days. It could also be seen as taking advantage on both their parts. One from the point of view of captor and prisoner, and the other because she knew Robb was distraught and grieving over his brothers deaths. I mean come on, does that actually ever happen in real life? "aww you're upset about someone dying, here let me get into bed with you and *&*^&%*&ÂL(*& your **ÂL*$&ÂL*$" 
So overall I'm happy with the outcome but full heartedly agree that the scenes could have been done better or put to better use. "There's a war going on" Really? I couldn't have guessed it! Everyone sits on their arses all day talking to people they shouldn't be talking to.
2178	Mad Queen	2012-05-22	Okay...if you're upset we're losing the Westerling betrayal in general, that's one thing. I just don't understand what it has to do with making the Red Wedding less interesting, since the Westerlings are explicitly kept out of that (Sybelle being furious at Jaime because it led to Raynald's death).I don't mean the wedding itself, but the whole setup that leads to it.
2179	Silverx2	2012-05-22	, but why would a highborn lady be serving as a nurse in an enemy camp..I'm pretty sure, i mean like 85% sure here, that she told you specifically why she went from playing the harp to cutting off peoples feet.
2180	Silverx2	2012-05-22	So is she not a Lannister spy? If there's no trap for Robb, no plotting going on to create a falling-out between Starks and Freys, the Red Wedding will be less interesting. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />i think what made the red wedding interesting, and the reason it got its name was all of the MURDERING
2181	birdsong66	2012-05-22	d) The Tyrion posioning Cersei so then when the trial comes around in season 4, it will be more memorable that Tyrion did have Pycelle's poisions. (Tyrion may have been innocent but the circumstantial evidence was fairly vast) Maybe two minutes of a scene.Add to the above, this scene coincides with Tyrion sitting the Iron Throne and pledging in front of the entire court his intention to exchange Jaime for the Stark girl if Jaime is returned unharmed.  Instead, we get a secret plan hatched between LF and Tyrion, two great players in the game, with not a single person to witness it.And, of course, there is no joy knowing that Tyrion out smarted Cercei, again, and now she's got a case of the shits.  LOL.
2182	Patchface12	2012-05-22	I still think she's Jeyne Westerling. How they would explain it/ pull it off in the show will be very interesting
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 22 May 2012 - 11:01 AM.
2183	Patchface12	2012-05-22	I forgave Robb in the book because of his state of mind, but this one i cannot. no excuse what so ever.Maybe not, but someone pointed out maybe feeling betrayed by Catelyn was what pushed him to Jeyne in the show, which still works IMO. She was the one who forbid him and then she betrayed him, why listen to her anymore?
2184	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-22	I think she is Jeyne.  She gave her Grandma's back story.  She is in on something with Roose, that's why they give each other strange looks in passing.  It is why Roose wants Ramsay at Winterfell so bad, because it is part of the plan for the Boltons to be in Winterfell.  No Weasel Soup. because it is already planned out with Tywin that Roose take Harrenhall for his info regarding Robb's plans, info that is given to Talisa/Jeyne from Roose, and sent to Tywin.  The person she would have most likely seen in the Crag, for her needs, is her Maester, who is probably in on the plan.  It was  not planned for Talisa/Jeyne to fall in love with Robb, this changes what happens, meaning the Red Wedding and the Frey's entering into the Roose/Tywin partnership.
2185	protar	2012-05-22	Of all the unnecessary changes they've made to this season, this is the worst I think. Due to Robb's story not appearing on-screen in the books, D+D had a unique opportunity to use their own creative abilities, while being faithful to the books and even better increasing our understanding of the books. That they've replaced that brilliant potential with this cliched romance is quite frankly an insult to book fans.
I can only assume that they didn't think that Jeyne was a strong enough character, because god-forbid they have any weak female characters for fear of being seen as sexist, even when it's amongst a dozen strong female characters. It's the same thing they're doing with Shae and Tyrion as well, turning them into some sassy, exotic, backtalking badasses which completely misses the point of these characters. They really could have just expanded upon the actual character in the books just as easily and if they wanted to make her a bit stronger they could've taken some queues from Sansa who I think Jeyne was probably similar to.
And I'm not even going to get into the whole thing about Robb not finding out about Bran and Rickon's "deaths" before sleeping with Jeyne.
2186	teemo	2012-05-22	I knew something was fishy after reading this blog entry by GRRM: http://grrm.livejour...0.html#comments - read the first comment.  Edit: even if he's messing with people, it was still accurate.  Lots of people are confused now as to who she really is.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 22 May 2012 - 01:29 PM.
2187	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-22	Guys... what is the Red Wedding doesn't happen?
What a tweeeest!
2188	Patchface12	2012-05-22	I knew something was fishy after reading this blog entry by GRRM: http://grrm.livejour...0.html#comments - read the first comment (that's me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)I think Martin once said Syrio is dead. However, if Syrio is a Faceless Man, its highly possible the real Syrio is died in the House of Black and White years before GoT and now one of their assassins is using his face. Martin is crafty fellow. I wouldn't take his words at face value
2189	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	I think she is Jeyne. She gave her Grandma's back story. She is in on something with Roose, that's why they give each other strange looks in passing. It is why Roose wants Ramsay at Winterfell so bad, because it is part of the plan for the Boltons to be in Winterfell.Yes, exactly. Plus donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget the spy-letters she was writing!This is surely one of the most satisfying and inspired of the remarkably few changes that the showrunners have introduced vis-A -vis the books. They are all to be lauded and applauded for their inspired work here, as is Ms Chaplin. You couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t ask for better.
2190	protar	2012-05-22	I knew something was fishy after reading this blog entry by GRRM: http://grrm.livejour...0.html#comments - read the first comment (that's me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)I think you may have gotten trolled by George R.R. Martin himself. Congratulations.I wonder what he thinks of the changes to Robb and Jeyne's romance?
2191	protar	2012-05-22	Yes, exactly. Plus donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget the spy-letters she was writing! This is surely one of the most satisfying and inspired of the remarkably few changes that the showrunners have introduced vis-A -vis the books. They are all to be lauded and applauded for their inspired work here, as is Ms Chaplin. You couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t ask for better.Are you being serious? I'm honestly asking, because I can't tell whether that's sarcasm or not. You seem so oblivious to the deviations from the books that I really can't be sure anymore.
2192	teemo	2012-05-22	I think you may have gotten trolled by George R.R. Martin himself. Congratulations.I wonder what he thinks of the changes to Robb and Jeyne's romance? Not sure if you were trying to be mean or not.  But I feel honored to be trolled by GRRM.  Hah.  I have no clue what he's thinking of it.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 22 May 2012 - 01:41 PM.
2193	Patchface12	2012-05-22	Even if she is Jeyne Westerling, what on earth is she doing posing as a medic and spying for Tywin Lannister?
Regardless of her identity, this might be one of the best or the absolute worst changes from the books in the show
2194	RL Terrill	2012-05-22	Even if she is Jeyne Westerling, what on earth is she doing posing as a medic and spying for Tywin Lannister? Regardless of her identity, this might be one of the best or the absolute worst changes from the books in the showWesterlings are Bannermen to Casterly Rock, seems reasonable if indeed that is where the writers are taking us.
2195	Bride of Winter	2012-05-22	What I absolutely cannot understand is the Crag name drop. Honestly, there's no point besides pissing off the Book fans. On the HBO interactive map it even says "the Seat of House Westerling, a noble yet impoverished house" or something. What the fuck? Was that just the producers' way of saying "Shout out to the character who should have been on the show! she technically still exists, but we're replacing her anyway!!"? Is it really that hard to just invent a new castle name, or better yet, cut out a few minutes of Robb and Talisa talking about silk and milk of the poppy and riding through the forest? It's like they know how dumb they're being, and they're proud of it.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 22 May 2012 - 03:52 PM.
2196	Morrigan	2012-05-22	What I absolutely cannot understand is the Crag name drop. Honestly, there's no point besides pissing off the Book fans. On the HBO interactive map it even says "the Seat of House Westerling, a noble yet impoverished house" or something. What the fuck? Was that just the producers' way of saying "Shout out to the character who should have been on the show! she technically still exists, but we're replacing her anyway!!"? Is it really that hard to just invent a new castle name, or better yet, cut out a few minutes of Robb and Talisa talking about silk and milk of the poppy and riding through the forest?It's like they know how dumb they're being, and they're proud of it.Yep. In interviews D&D keep saying how much they "love and respect the source material". But you really gotta wonder...
2197	sennahoj	2012-05-22	If Talisa is indeed Jeyne Westerling, I don't think they'll reveal her true identity this season. The question is how is Robb gonna take the fact that she lied to him all the time. At what point will Robb decide he has to marry her? When she gets pregnant, or when she reveals herself as the daughter of a Lannister bannerman? The thing is, would Robb feel obligated to marry a noblewoman he dishonoured to maintain his self-image as an honourable Stark? Would he also feel obligated to do that if Talisa turns out to be just Talisa? A noblewoman from an impoverished house would still be slightly acceptable as his spouse, whereas a foreigner of unsure birth is definitely not. Robb cannot be shown to be as stupid as to risk his kingdom over a nurse.
The fact that Jeyne Westerling hides behind the Talisa coverstory all the time while being a nurse in the enemy camp may be a bit far fetched. But let's not forget that a certain other highborn girl is covering her true identity behind a number of facades while being among the NW recruits and later a servant in the enemy camp. If you grant Arya the right to make up fake identities, why shouldn't Jeyne?
2198	Patchface12	2012-05-22	What I absolutely cannot understand is the Crag name drop. Honestly, there's no point besides pissing off the Book fans. On the HBO interactive map it even says "the Seat of House Westerling, a noble yet impoverished house" or something. What the fuck? Was that just the producers' way of saying "Shout out to the character who should have been on the show! she technically still exists, but we're replacing her anyway!!"? Is it really that hard to just invent a new castle name, or better yet, cut out a few minutes of Robb and Talisa talking about silk and milk of the poppy and riding through the forest? It's like they know how dumb they're being, and they're proud of it.'A noble, yet impoverished house' is interesting. One way they can make extra money is by spying for their liege lord.
2199	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	Arya's situation is really different than Jeyne's though, and if she could be at home, she would be.
2200	Warrick	2012-05-22	Talisa is not who she says she is, i'm almost 100% sure of this. I saw an interview with Oona Chaplin, she was with the girl who plays Ygritte. She says she can't reveal much about her character, but she said there is definitley going to be a twist with the Talisa story. I'm assuming it's that she's Jeyne Westerling but who knows
2201	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Talisa is not who she says she is, i'm almost 100% sure of this. I saw an interview with Oona Chaplin, she was with the girl who plays Ygritte. She says she can't reveal much about her character, but she said there is definitley going to be a twist with the Talisa story. I'm assuming it's that she's Jeyne Westerling but who knowsThatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a real BAZINGA! for ya!
2202	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	At what point will Robb decide he has to marry her? When she gets pregnant, or when she reveals herself as the daughter of a Lannister bannerman?Preggers?  Jeyne gets preggers?  That would be a very major thing.  I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine what it would mean, not just for the show, but for the books.Wow.
2203	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	the most logical thing from a GRRM world would be give the camp follower some moon tea so the king doesnt have a bastard, not lets marry her
2204	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-23	I think a good indicator that she's jeyne comes in the line "I always thought I was a good liar".  I see her still lying about not being Jeyne.  Episode 10 will tell the truth.
2205	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-23	I think a good indicator that she's jeyne comes in the line "I always thought I was a good liar".  I see her still lying about not being Jeyne.  Episode 10 will tell the truth.Maybe not even the 10th episode, but the next season or even the Red Wedding incident itself. I am also on the "Jeyne Westerling Bandawagon". Her apparent hesitation to follow Robb in the Crag, Roose Bolton's weird stares (that can't be a coincidence) all the secrecy thing of her actor about the role and name. She is definetely up to something. To this point I really hope she indeed is a Westerling and an actual traitor.
2206	sennahoj	2012-05-23	Preggers?  Jeyne gets preggers?  That would be a very major thing.  I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine what it would mean, not just for the show, but for the books.Wow.Well, there are some hints that she is in fact pregnant, even though that's much later in the books.http://awoiaf.wester...erling/TheoriesBut seeing how the writers have introduced other things from the later books early, it would be a possibility to make that more explicit and have it happen earlier. It would give Robb an additional reason to marry the girl and not bring a bastard into this world, as he knows how hard it was on Jon living as a bastard among the Starks.I don't want to overplay the pregnancy, which is only a theory discussed due to some subtle hints and not really stated outright in the novels. However, they expanded a lot on the Talisa/Jeyne and Robb romance this season, so I don't think the writers would pass up a pregnancy if in fact, GRRM actually meant for Jeyne to be pregnant and wasn't just dropping false hints.
2207	protar	2012-05-23	Not sure if you were trying to be mean or not. But I feel honored to be trolled by GRRM. Hah. I have no clue what he's thinking of it.No I wasn't trying to be mean. So no worries.
2208	Buckwheat	2012-05-23	A random thought: have we seen Greywind's reaction to her yet? I do not remember it.
Greywind was pretty much absent from the story and we do really not have a feeling he is deeply connected to Robb and Rob trusts him (at least he should). In the books, Jeyne was very much afraid of him and did not want to be near him. In the series, she has not even met him (it is strange that Robb does not have him near most of the time, where is he - it is not like Ghost who can walk around the landscape alone).
So, if she meets Greywind and he trusts her, she is who she says to be. If he starts snarling, she is Tywin's spy.
I stick to my theory.
2209	heathergalaxy	2012-05-23	I always thought Jeyne Westerling was a spy and a saboteur, and smarter than what was shown in the book. I like that both Jeyne and her mother will be shown to be devious game players who destroy Robb in bed instead of in battle. I am one of those believers that Tywin helped orchestrate the whole thing and I am very interested to see how it all plays out. I think of this as less of a change and more as something that we didn't get a view of in the book.
2210	johhny-turbo	2012-05-23	I still think that there's a chance she's actually Jeyne (whether its Westerling or Lannister-of-Lannisport or whatever) simply because she's talking with a British accent. The show seems to have had a fairly stable convention when it comes to having Westerosi characters speak with British accents and Essosi characters speak with not-British accents.
I don't think she was lying about her brother almost drowning but has she ever explained why she came to Westeros?
I have a minor feeling that they might do this as a big reveal for Robb's Season 2 cliffhanger.
2211	dreamcatcher	2012-05-23	I still think that there's a chance she's actually Jeyne (whether its Westerling or Lannister-of-Lannisport or whatever) simply because she's talking with a British accent. The show seems to have had a fairly stable convention when it comes to having Westerosi characters speak with British accents and Essosi characters speak with not-British accents. I don't think she was lying about her brother almost drowning but has she ever explained why she came to Westeros? I have a minor feeling that they might do this as a big reveal for Robb's Season 2 cliffhanger.Agree. Oona's multilingual, so it wouldn't be difficult for her to fake an accent.
2212	The Ragged Man	2012-05-23	I also think she is Jeyne, but we won't find out this season.
2213	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I dont know, if talisa is jeyne in the tv show, that would be a big reveal on WoW or beyond in the book, would GRRM want that?
2214	Aemon Stark	2012-05-23	Last episode establishes Robb is returning to the camp by the morning, so yeah, he was returning. I think the Crag was mentioned just as a nod to that part of the story in the books. Is Jeyne uncomfortable about Robb talking about taking off Joffrey's head? Sure, because she seems to have a strong opposition to violence. Is she uncomfortable about going to the Crag? Yes, because she realized that Robb was going out of his way to keep her close to him, to spend time with her, and she's nervous about that relationship. Is she nervous when the rider shows up? Yes, because he's interrupting her conversation with that dreamboat, Robb Stark, and she was liking it. She really is what she says she is.I think there's really no evidence that Talisa is who she claims to be. This is really just more theory, or "reading stuff in" based on nothing essentially. Concerning the Crag, especially, her apparent discomfort does not suggest any kind of nervousness from her "feelings" for Robb, so much as "oh shit, that puts me in a potentially awkward position". Why? Unless Oona Chaplin and the directors are really just giving us false hints, there are ample subtleties both in Talisa's portrayal and Chaplin's performance that suggest Something is Not Quite Right here. (Regarding supposedly non-British accents in Essos, I'll raise you Qarth (The Spice King??) and second it with Illyrio Mopatis.)
2215	qixoticneurotic	2012-05-23	there are no walders, no edmure, no injury to confine them to prolongued interction. rob the oathbreaker has my sympathy with the freys so far. bolton loves his fat frey wife and lord tywin actually has the real ary to promise to ramsey in the show. with so much ambiguity the red wedding is shaping up as less a cunning betrayal and more a clever power grab
2216	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-24	I haven't given up on her being a Westerling, maybe just not named 'Jeyne' because of Jeyne Poole later on.I think the looks she's exchanged with Roose on numerous occasions are going to pay off in a big way.. and it's going to be a HUGE reveal, around the same time the Bastard show up in WF.  At this ponit we'll learn that the Boltons are teaming up with the Lans, which will set us up major developments in season 3.She's really laying it on thick with her Volantis story.  If her gramma is Maggy the Frog, from the East, she would know the right details about Vol. to make up a story like this. And joking/not joking awhile back - 'yeah, I'm a spy for the Lannisters.  See, here I am sending/not sending this letter... most likely the letter Arya picked up from Tywin.'
2217	birdsong66	2012-05-24	Anyway I think last nights scene with Talissa giving her back story was very well done. I think they have tried to humanise her character with good morals so Robb has something to be attracted to morally. She's a good woman and Robb see's that. I think that is very well done but the execution up until that scene has been woeful and Robb himself has been dire (wolf). "I don't want to marry the Frey girl" stinks of being a petulant little teenager. I get that he IS a teenager or there abouts but he shouldn't be a petulant complaining little shit. But Talissa's story not only tells us that she's a good woman and like Robb and Ned she doesn't care about gold, glory and all the other noble nonsense but it also gives us a nice little insight into Volantis. And this does little to distinguish Talisa's overall world view from Catelyn's, or the other female who has been that person to ask "probing" questions as to exactly what Robb's intentions are long term.  Ultimately, placing Talisa and Catelyn side by side presents two characters whose motivations, as far as we know, are more similar than opposing.  The difference is this theme or "idea" that listening to Catelyn would have weakened him in some way.  But isn't the end result the same for having listened to Talisa?  Sure we can blame Catelyn for deliberately releasing Jaime, even though we understand the circumstances and may even agree with the act.  Can the same be said of Robb's choice to consummate his feelings for Talisa physically?I guess what I'm asking is, at what point does it become Robb's responsibility to acknowledge accountability for his choices and less everyone else's fault?  Talisa is tantalizing, but one could certainly muster the ability to decline if one were set on it.  Yes Catelyn is strong, loyal, and duty bound, but does that mean she, as a woman, should be left to handle Robb's war camp in his absence?  Certainly we can understand that grief will make you come undone, but wasn't it Robb who allowed Theon the opportunity to act on Winterfell, and Catelyn (and by extension, Ned) who advised against it?Regardless of who Talisa is or is not, BookRobb and HBORobb are responsible for actions and consequences.  The only character I've noticed willing to suffer the requisite punishment for any action is Catelyn, book or HBO version.
2218	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-24	Remember though, Robb is not in trouble for having sex.. he is in trouble for marrying the first girl he has sex with and thus breaking a marriage contract.
Up to this point, on the show, he hasn't actually broken the pact, aside from admitting that he doesn't want to go through with it.  I'll be interested in seeing how the rest of this plays out.
I appreciate the Robb/Talisa story because we all know what's going to happen, we don't know the details.  There are some awful moments of corniness, but I'm glad they are at least keeping me guessing.
Is Robb going to be stupid and rebellious and just say 'screw the Freys' ?  So far it looks this way.
In the book, I'd had the impression he was just trying to be honorable, but since it happens off-page we only know how he explained it to his mom.  On the other hand, most guys tend to sugarcoat things for their moms - so that wouldn't surprise me either.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 24 May 2012 - 09:49 AM.
2219	Patchface12	2012-05-24	I don't think any of Robb or Talissa's scenes contain Oscar winning screen-writing, but I don't think they're nearly as corny/sappy as some other people make out
True there's some banter between them, but its doesn't grate my nerves like Kvothe and Denna did after a while in the Kingkiller Chronicles.
2220	Aemon Stark	2012-05-24	I don't think any of Robb or Talissa's scenes contain Oscar winning screen-writing, but I don't think they're nearly as corny/sappy as some other people make out True there's some banter between them, but its doesn't grate my nerves like Kvothe and Denna did after a while in the Kingkiller Chronicles.Thank you. The worst I could say about Talisa/Robb is that it's a bit telegraphed, but they do have some chemistry together and, well, the Star Wars prequels this is not.
2221	johhny-turbo	2012-05-24	(Regarding supposedly non-British accents in Essos, I'll raise you Qarth (The Spice King??) and second it with Illyrio Mopatis.)Fair point, but the Spice King's accent (as well as Varys, I've actually forgotten what Illyrio sounded like) always struck me as having a certain foreign sound that no Westerosi characters have had. Like, I feel like the Westerosi characters (and Talisa) more or less sound like real British voices whereas the Spice King and Varys don't so much. But that's getting pretty subjectiveAs an aside, I noticed that on pretty much every non-book reader discussion I've seen there seemed to be a general consensus that Talisa is really suspicious. So I don't think we book readers are just projecting our prior knowledge here.
2222	Strider	2012-05-24	Jeyne is a nobody in the books.  She is only important because she is the lass whom the stupid Robb for whom the stupid Robb decides to sacrifice everything, for a minor point of honor.  And he doesn't even know what he's done until it's too late.
So it doesn't matter whether Talisa is Jeyne or not.
The only important question is, Is Talisa an agent of the Lannisters?  Now that is interesting.  And it will make the Red Wedding ever so much more interesting and delicious.  Jeyne does not, cannot, betray Robb.  But Talisa can.  But will the HBO writers fulfill our hopes?!
					
					
							Edited by Strider, 24 May 2012 - 09:02 PM.
2223	Gannicus	2012-05-25	Wow some of you are making a huge deal about this. Why does it matter if the girl is Jeyne or Talisa.  The plot could still by and large be the same. Either she is an inserted spy or she loves Robb.
She will still get pregnant and Robb will feel "honor bound" to marry her.  What's unwritten in the book is that Robb was probably very much in love with the girl which had more to do with him getting hitched. He's the King of the North and he'll have the women he wants.
There are still two options that basically get us to the same place.
1) Talisa might get pregnant carry Robbs baby and escape with Brynden Tulley.
2) Tywin has something over her, forcing her to seduce Robb and weaken his alliances. She may even come to love Robb but ultimately was planted as a spy.
I don't think the Jeyne's mother is critical, the writers know more than us.
2224	Jolene Brown	2012-05-25	If I leave England to search for China and head out across the Atlantic and discover America and then head out across the Pacific and reach China vs. if I travel across Europe and get to China, I've reached the same place, but is it the same story?  No.  The details of the journey ARE the journey, when you change them, you change the story.  I understand that these changes don't bother some people, but to pretend that it is the same story does not make sense to me.  It is not the same story, it is a different one.  Similar, perhaps, depending on your point of view.  But it is not the same.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 25 May 2012 - 02:25 PM.
2225	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-25	It is not the same story, it is a different one. Similar, perhaps, depending on your point of view. But it is not the same.This doesn't bother me in the least.  I enjoy most of the differences and I like to be kept on my toes.  I've always been like this.. my brother got really bent out of shape over certain aspects of the LOTR adaptation, but to me it was just an awesome movie. I don't think the Jeyne's mother is critical, the writers know more than us.jshe's not critical, but certainly interesting.  Jeyne tells Cat her mother was making her a fertility shake; Mrs. Westerling tells someone else later (Jaime maybe?) that it was moontea.  Who is lying to whom?  This is kind of a soap-operaish plot point and seems like it could make good TV.. if the writers choose to explore it.  But there is so much ground to cover, so I won't really miss it.
2226	Gannicus	2012-05-25	If I leave England to search for China and head out across the Atlantic and discover America and then head out across the Pacific and reach China vs. if I travel across Europe and get to China, I've reached the same place, but is it the same story? No. The details of the journey ARE the journey, when you change them, you change the story. I understand that these changes don't bother some people, but to pretend that it is the same story does not make sense to me. It is not the same story, it is a different one. Similar, perhaps, depending on your point of view. But it is not the same.True, but this story might actually end up being a superior story. The Jeyne story never resonated with me in the book. Most of us readers would change a few things with GRRMs story, and if HBO thinks they can give it a more compelling twist without destroying the story I'm open to it.So while it may not be the same, we get to the same place with perhaps an even more scenic route.(Ayra/Tywin)
2227	mcb	2012-05-25	If I leave England to search for China and head out across the Atlantic and discover America and then head out across the Pacific and reach China vs. if I travel across Europe and get to China, I've reached the same place, but is it the same story?  No.  The details of the journey ARE the journey, when you change them, you change the story.  I understand that these changes don't bother some people, but to pretend that it is the same story does not make sense to me.  It is not the same story, it is a different one.  Similar, perhaps, depending on your point of view.  But it is not the same.OK, it's different. Which isn't the same as "worse". You defend it as if in the book we got a good story of Robb's downfall. We didn't: he went to Westerlands, and the next time we see him, he had already committed political suicide. In yours truly's opinion it was the worst written subplot of the series.That's why I don't mind the changes one bit.
2228	Jolene Brown	2012-05-25	I personally think the original story was better, but in this situation, I'm not addressing people who are saying they like the tv story better, I'm addressing those who say that it doesn't make a difference.
2229	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-26	The thing that really makes a difference is getting more of Robb's perspective, instead of only Catlyn's.  When everything was filtered through Cat's POV, there was much more hearsay.  GRRM for whatever reason felt like Cat's perspective/inner monologue was more interesting than Robb's, whereas Robb seems much better as a TV protagonist, where you can't hear his thoughts but you can see the soap opera unfolding around him.
2230	Harrad	2012-05-26	The thing that really makes a difference is getting more of Robb's perspective, instead of only Catlyn's.  When everything was filtered through Cat's POV, there was much more hearsay.  GRRM for whatever reason felt like Cat's perspective/inner monologue was more interesting than Robb's, whereas Robb seems much better as a TV protagonist, where you can't hear his thoughts but you can see the soap opera unfolding around him.It was strange in the books to read Robb's story in the West play off-page. Still even though a book can be infinite pages in principle, the author (and editor) would cut it off for practical reasons, and somethings have to left out. So when HBO filled in a story (probably a different one--although they could link up) that was infotaining. Why posters think this will dramatically (in both senses) alter the main story points to follow, I don't know. I can see many ways to rejoin the book story line.
2231	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	If I leave England to search for China and head out across the Atlantic and discover America and then head out across the Pacific and reach China vs. if I travel across Europe and get to China, I've reached the same place, but is it the same story?  No.  The details of the journey ARE the journey, when you change them, you change the story.  I understand that these changes don't bother some people, but to pretend that it is the same story does not make sense to me.  It is not the same story, it is a different one.  Similar, perhaps, depending on your point of view.  But it is not the same.for me at least, the problem arises every time the R/T story comes on screen, I am thinking to myself, this relationship makes no sense, talisa's actions make no sense and that takes away from enjoying the show.  Now I freely admit that part of it comes from seeing the difference with the books (that is unavoidable for me at least), but also it comes from the show itself and how the show itself does not make sense with my perceptions of the workd that the show has created.
2232	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-26	Agreed - especially on 'infotainment.'In either medium, it just all comes down to writers making choices.  What makes the best story, the best pacing, builds the most tension, the best way to reveal/conceal information, etc.  Cat has a more interesting perspective on other characters and events, which makes her a better choice for a POV in the book; whereas Robb fills a certain teen heartthrob/romance quota for a TV show and is thus deserving of more screen time.And i think GRRM has a healthier perspective on his own work than most fans to.  He doesn't see it as some masterpiece not to be meddled with.  He's often mentioned in interviews, yeah, I should have made the kids older, or yeah, this POV would probably have been a better choice than that other POV.  I imagine he enjoys watching the show unfold as much of any of us, if not moreso.  He seems to have a great sense of humor about all of it.It is starting to look like Talisa is falling for Robb.  She was supposed to spy on him, but now she knows the real Robb Stark.  She will tell him this at some crucial point, and he'll be all, dammit, you're so hot... screw the Freys, let's get married. That seems pretty close to what happened in the books.. only certain details are added or changed.  It's very 'romantic comedy' and not terribly original (or funny), but it is at least well acted, and works for a TV show.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 26 May 2012 - 12:06 PM.
2233	Gannicus	2012-05-26	Good call
2234	drm7	2012-05-26	Wow some of you are making a huge deal about this. Why does it matter if the girl is Jeyne or Talisa.  The plot could still by and large be the same. Either she is an inserted spy or she loves Robb.She will still get pregnant and Robb will feel "honor bound" to marry her.  What's unwritten in the book is that Robb was probably very much in love with the girl which had more to do with him getting hitched. He's the King of the North and he'll have the women he wants.There are still two options that basically get us to the same place.1) Talisa might get pregnant carry Robbs baby and escape with Brynden Tulley.2) Tywin has something over her, forcing her to seduce Robb and weaken his alliances. She may even come to love Robb but ultimately was planted as a spy.I don't think the Jeyne's mother is critical, the writers know more than us.Exactly. Like another poster said, "he doesn't get in trouble for having sex..." Think of all of the "field mistresses" that the lords keep. She either gets pregnant or Robb marries her, or both.I think she IS from Volantis, but has some Lannister/Westerling connections, and was/is spying for Tywin. I do think she has real feelings for Robb, though, which adds to her angst.I'm not sure about her relationship with Roose. Some posters think that she is in cahoots with him, but I think that Roose thinks that she is bad for Robb, and the eventual marriage/pregnancy is the last straw for him. When she came into the tent in ep8, Roose looked at her like she was some sort of insect.
2235	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	roose looks at everyone like they are an insect, god love him
you have to remember that his plot has already been set in motion by ordering ramsey to take WF so his recen interactions with Talisa are not causes
2236	zuziako	2012-05-28	Talissa is so annoying. When me and my brother watched her talk about her past, the only thing we could say was "Goosh, who cares, get out" and later "No Rob! Don't! You'll end up with a wolf head instead of yours!"
Also, she walks in and Robb stops talking to his adviser about war. WTH?
2237	Lady Lilac	2012-05-28	The romance between her and Robb is annoying and cheesy, but I can sort of see why they would change it like this, given that it's tv and not a book. However, one thing that just pisses me off about her is that they treat her character completely unrealistic.  She's a common nurse, no family name, no nothing, yet she waltzes into Robb's tent whenever she wants and Roose Bolton stands up and leaves in the middle of a council just to leave her with Robb? That's something I definitely can't see Roose doing.
2238	Alasdair	2012-12-16	Ok this has been said in portions by others but I will compile my theory here and try and set some things straight. Firstly Jeyne has a grandmother from Essos (is highly hinted to be Maggy the witch Cersei saw), in the show, Jeyne uses a similar back story, this shows she could be lying as it is not proper for a young "lady" to be out as a medic so she is disguised. Some have said she looks to foreign and to hot to be Jeyne, its the show, they changed many character's appearances to be more realistic/practical so and she has Essos blood so this point is moot. She is more sassy because its TV and strong female roles get more views (well that's my opinion). Ok now onto her being hesitant to go to the Crag, maybe that's because she bloody lives there and doesn't want mummy, daddy and maester to know she is out frolicking and being a medic. Some say she can't be Jeyne because they came back and it wasn't brought up by Robb, but who cares, this is a minor detail and could have been offscreen. Now to them shagging, its is easy to explain this as artistic licences  because it was all off screen Robb deflowering the young Westerling girl in the books, but in the show they like strong female leads and they like a bit of cheese so this works, plus I don't thing Oona would be very good at playing a weepy girl. Now I have put forward a few points that show she could go either way, that these could indeed all be hints and that she is a replacement or that she has been set up for a great reveal (they screw for love, well big woop, Robb can still marry her to remove her shame). Now onto the implications if she isn't Jeyne. Firstly it screws the Red Wedding (RW) because all of the minor westerling characters will not be there, the Lannisters will be under-involved and generally it would not resemble the complex mess that it was in the books (that we all loved). Now, many single-readers will probably have glossed over all those scenes in Riverrun where Jeyne isn't an important character on her own but is the catalyst for conversations that give us a lot of background into plots etc. e.g her mum feeding her contraceptives and the link to the Lannisters. As well as everything I have mentioned before, if she isn't Jeyne, many of these seens I mentioned in the last sentence will not happen, and it just removes a portion of the story that I personally enjoyed and believed to be important.
Anyway, rant off and to summarize if you are just scanning these relatively dead forums, I think she is Jeyne, I think they have not made a complete overhall, but just lots of small artistic changes to fit the mood and character of the show better and to fit all that crap into 10 1 hour episodes. So to me, she is Jeyne till explicitly stated otherwise in-show.
Lastly I know it barely matters but I will be very sad if they have removed her, as a lover of the books, this is the kind of betrayal that has knock on effects (may I mention Eragon as a strong example of this).
2239	Lannister Hamster	2012-12-16	Ok this has been said in portions by others but I will compile my theory here and try and set some things straight. Firstly Jeyne has a grandmother from Essos (is highly hinted to be Maggy the witch Cersei saw), in the show, Jeyne uses a similar back story, this shows she could be lying as it is not proper for a young "lady" to be out as a medic so she is disguised. Some have said she looks to foreign and to hot to be Jeyne, its the show, they changed many character's appearances to be more realistic/practical so and she has Essos blood so this point is moot. She is more sassy because its TV and strong female roles get more views (well that's my opinion). Ok now onto her being hesitant to go to the Crag, maybe that's because she bloody lives there and doesn't want mummy, daddy and maester to know she is out frolicking and being a medic. Some say she can't be Jeyne because they came back and it wasn't brought up by Robb, but who cares, this is a minor detail and could have been offscreen. Now to them shagging, its is easy to explain this as artistic licences  because it was all off screen Robb deflowering the young Westerling girl in the books, but in the show they like strong female leads and they like a bit of cheese so this works, plus I don't thing Oona would be very good at playing a weepy girl. Now I have put forward a few points that show she could go either way, that these could indeed all be hints and that she is a replacement or that she has been set up for a great reveal (they screw for love, well big woop, Robb can still marry her to remove her shame). Now onto the implications if she isn't Jeyne. Firstly it screws the Red Wedding (RW) because all of the minor westerling characters will not be there, the Lannisters will be under-involved and generally it would not resemble the complex mess that it was in the books (that we all loved). Now, many single-readers will probably have glossed over all those scenes in Riverrun where Jeyne isn't an important character on her own but is the catalyst for conversations that give us a lot of background into plots etc. e.g her mum feeding her contraceptives and the link to the Lannisters. As well as everything I have mentioned before, if she isn't Jeyne, many of these seens I mentioned in the last sentence will not happen, and it just removes a portion of the story that I personally enjoyed and believed to be important.Anyway, rant off and to summarize if you are just scanning these relatively dead forums, I think she is Jeyne, I think they have not made a complete overhall, but just lots of small artistic changes to fit the mood and character of the show better and to fit all that crap into 10 1 hour episodes. So to me, she is Jeyne till explicitly stated otherwise in-show.Lastly I know it barely matters but I will be very sad if they have removed her, as a lover of the books, this is the kind of betrayal that has knock on effects (may I mention Eragon as a strong example of this).I think you're in denial
2240	Ran	2012-12-16	She's Talisa. Not Jeyne. They have said as much. She is not from the Westerlands, she does not reside in the Crag, she does not know the Westerlings -- she's exactly who she says she is on the show.
2241	Alasdair	2012-12-16	I think you're in denialMost definitely and thanks for clearing that up Ran. I think I will just do my final search for citation and then move on (maybe have a wee cry), just annoys me as I was fond of her, she was like my favorite semi-useless background character for what her existence did to the story.
2242	Lannister Hamster	2012-12-17	Most definitely and thanks for clearing that up Ran. I think I will just do my final search for citation and then move on (maybe have a wee cry), just annoys me as I was fond of her, she was like my favorite semi-useless background character for what her existence did to the story.She's still a background character in your story. GRRM's ASOIAF is the story and a GoT TV series is just an adaptation. Jeyne is still there where she is meant to be in the original text.
2243	Alasdair	2012-12-17	She's still a background character in your story. GRRM's ASOIAF is the story and a GoT TV series is just an adaptation. Jeyne is still there where she is meant to be in the original text.You seem to have missed the point, if she has been replaced then she ceases to be the same CHARACTER, especially if her influences and acts are done by another CHARACTER in the show. You previously stated I am in denial, well you are damn right I am, it is something that for me stopped season two being my favorite season of all TV shows in existence (and I am a big fanboy  of ASOIAF so thats saying something). What they did with Oona Chaplin's character was unnecessary unless she is like Ros in the show and is an added character and that Jeyne appears later, but this is much less likely as they would have cast another young woman to be her and we would have all noticed, so either they have removed the CHARACTER and replaced her with Talisa or whatever, or they will throw us a lovely curve-ball and fix what to me, is a mess, and a useless one at that. Seeing as I am not really into calling people liars this means they have indeed replaced the CHARACTER and as such, your second response to me is false, there may be a made up person named Jeyne Westerling in the show aswell, but she is not the same character. So as I just said, I believe you that Talisa is not Jeyne (though it chaffes me and I am still looking for the citation) but it doesn't have to sit well with me just because I said I liked Jeyne as a background, off scene character and she still may be that in the show, my point is that she isn't the same, so I am allowed to be uneasy with it if I think the change was not warranted.
2244	Alasdair	2012-12-17	P.S. I am not trying to get into an arguement mate, just pointing out that my opinion stands that it was a bad choice and that Talisa being the replacement annoys me, I just may have been a bit sharp (probably due to it being 10 am and I have yet to sleep). /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
... Also this doesn't mean I don't like Oona Chaplin either, she is great and I find it funny how she has gone so quickly from an extra in Quantum of Solace to a star of HBO's biggest spring show.
					
					
							Edited by Alasdair, 17 December 2012 - 05:06 AM.
2245	Lannister Hamster	2012-12-18	You seem to have missed the point, if she has been replaced then she ceases to be the same CHARACTER, especially if her influences and acts are done by another CHARACTER in the show. You previously stated I am in denial, well you are damn right I am, it is something that for me stopped season two being my favorite season of all TV shows in existence (and I am a big fanboy  of ASOIAF so thats saying something). What they did with Oona Chaplin's character was unnecessary unless she is like Ros in the show and is an added character and that Jeyne appears later, but this is much less likely as they would have cast another young woman to be her and we would have all noticed, so either they have removed the CHARACTER and replaced her with Talisa or whatever, or they will throw us a lovely curve-ball and fix what to me, is a mess, and a useless one at that. Seeing as I am not really into calling people liars this means they have indeed replaced the CHARACTER and as such, your second response to me is false, there may be a made up person named Jeyne Westerling in the show aswell, but she is not the same character. So as I just said, I believe you that Talisa is not Jeyne (though it chaffes me and I am still looking for the citation) but it doesn't have to sit well with me just because I said I liked Jeyne as a background, off scene character and she still may be that in the show, my point is that she isn't the same, so I am allowed to be uneasy with it if I think the change was not warranted.I personally don't care about the change, but I can understand people getting annoyed that their favourite characters don't make it to tv. Personally I think that the change makes Robb as a character much more interesting than in the book. His falling in love with Tulisa is a different test/situation than the way that he decided to marry Jeyne Westerling. If you buy into the whole love potion plot then I can understand that you are upset but equally there is no way they could have interserted that thread into the saga as skillfully as GRRM did, that would ruin things more for me personally than replacing Jeyne with Tulisa.
2246	Nezzer	2012-12-20	I'm starting to think she won't die at the RW. They could have easily cut the Blackfish from the show as he wouldn't have a big role if Talisa died. I think both of them will be at the RW, but the Blackfish will somehow manage to escape the Twins with Talisa. If she does die, the Blackfish won't be a very useful addition to the cast as he probably wouldn't do anything important, and D&D don't use to keep useless characters in the show.
2247	Lannister Hamster	2012-12-20	I'm starting to think she won't die at the RW. They could have easily cut the Blackfish from the show as he wouldn't have a big role if Talisa died. I think both of them will be at the RW, but the Blackfish will somehow manage to escape the Twins with Talisa. If she does die, the Blackfish won't be a very useful addition to the cast as he probably wouldn't do anything important, and D&D don't use to keep useless characters in the show.I think they are going to use Tulisa instead of the Fake Arya plot line (there's another thread on this in detail but in short have Ramsey's claim solidified by marrying Robb's widow rather than Arya) and so she'll survive the wedding.They have cast the Blackfish so we'll have to see how that goes - but I guess it means he has some part in the saga's eventual endgame.
2248	David Selig	2012-05-21	It's becoming more and more apparent with each episode that the show is whitewashing Tyrion's character and presenting him in a much better light morally than the books up to this point. The TV writers have removed almost all signs of his dark side, his cruel, mean and ruthless streak, which is a big part of him in the books. They've removed:
 1) Tyrion letting Tymett go unpunished after Varys told him he murdered a man in KL
 2) Tyrion slapping Shae (and he's treating her much better in general in the shwo than in the books)
 3) Tyrion breaking Maryllion's fingers by stepping on his hand
 4) his dreams of turning the Vale into a wasteland because Lysa pissed him off
 5) his participation in Tysha's gang rape
 It seems that the handing over of the Antler men to Joffrey to execute in his typical sadistic way would not be in the show either.
 Apart from working on the side of his family (which means supporting Joffrey) which he didn't have much choice about, since I doubt any of the other claimants would've accepted him if he tried to switch sides, I don't recall anything in the series which show Tyrion in negative light morally.
 I don't like this since it makes Tyrion much less interesting character than in the books. Besides, unless the producers have planned huge changes for the plot in the next seasons, Tyrion will commit some really serious crimes in the future, and it would be hard to make those convincing for the viewers after two seasons of presenting him as a morally pure hero whose only fault is being born in the family of the bad guys.
2249	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-21	Oh first off I'm a big Tyrion fan, but see your point. I also think they're underplaying his strategic prowess as others have mentioned. I do think some things will have to change though in the show to show him capable of things he'll do next season.
2250	Toccs	2012-05-21	For 4, we saw in season 1 that he armed the hill tribes and promised them control of the Vale.
As to 5 there was an episode in season 1 where Tyrion tells Bronn and Shae the story of Tysha and specifically mentions that he went last.  Do you want them to show it onscreen?  That didn't even happen in the books.
2251	Reposado	2012-05-21	there's that. there's also the fact that season two hasn't shown him do much intelligent at all. we hear him say that he's good at the game this week. maybe show tyrion has been reading the books, because he hasn't done jack this season to show how good he is. the pycelle thing, yep. since then? nothing. will he later on tell the audience how he saved this city. cause as ofnow , he hasn't actually done much saving
2252	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	Also, Symon Silver Tongue's fate is going to be a bit hard to believe, although they may chalk it up to post-battle personality changes, especially if they emphasize him not getting much credit for the victory.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 21 May 2012 - 05:18 PM.
2253	Michaelj	2012-05-21	I always thought Symon comes in SoS? No i'm convinced.
2254	Ser Hippie	2012-05-21	I always thought Symon comes in SoS? No i'm convinced.Symon first comes up in COK, where Tyrion just threatens him at the brothel. In any case, my point is this Tyrion doesn't strike me as one that would have Symon murdered the way book Tyrion did. The most callous we've seen him be in KL is what, Allar Deem?
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 21 May 2012 - 05:22 PM.
2255	House Snow	2012-05-21	While I agree they are doing this I also think non readers  would leave the show in droves if they actually made him like the book.  ITs pretty clear to me that a majority of these people for all their enjoyment of the grey nature of the show want there to be a good guy.
2256	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	Tyrion is just way less interestig period.  There's so little about his problems with his father, the chain will only show up if it does as something completely out of the blue, and he's not sneaking about the city.
He's cliched out with Shae as well.  
At least he slapped joff.
2257	mcb	2012-05-21	Also, Symon Silver Tongue's fate is going to be a bit hard to believe, although they may chalk it up to post-battle personality changes, especially if they emphasize him not getting much credit for the victory.They may also cut Symon's subplot out entirely.
2258	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-21	They are white washing a lot of characters, not just Tyrion. Cersei has been whitewashed, Tywin has been whitewashed, Arya has been whitewashed, etc.
2259	bweiner89	2012-05-21	In the book Tyrion poisons Cersei to keep her from coming to a council meeting but they left that out as well. 
The scene between Tyrion and Cersei in this week's episode where he says "I will hurt you for this..." was done pretty well but one thing with the directing disappointed me about it. When Tyrion's back was to her i wanted the camera to show his face with a sneaky smile on it since Cersei captured the wrong girl. In aCoK there was a huge emphasis on the shift of power between the two, especially in this scene in the book that wasnt so obvious to a non-book reader
2260	mcb	2012-05-21	In the book Tyrion poisons Cersei to keep her from coming to a council meeting but they left that out as well. I could swear I saw it in the show.
2261	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	FWIW I think they are going to replace the chain with some trick with pig shit as evident by tyrions expression when mentining pig shit to Bronn and Varys
2262	David Selig	2012-05-21	As to 5 there was an episode in season 1 where Tyrion tells Bronn and Shae the story of Tysha and specifically mentions that he went last.  No, Tyrion didn't mention this. What he said about Tysha was basically the same as in the books, except the "My father made me go last" part, which was omitted. In the show Tyrion only watched.
2263	Toccs	2012-05-21	No, Tyrion didn't mention this. What he said about Tysha was basically the same as in the books, except the "My father made me go last" part, which was omitted. In the show Tyrion only watched.Yeah you're right, I stand corrected.  I do agree with your point though.
2264	Morrigan	2012-05-21	FWIW I think they are going to replace the chain with some trick with pig shit as evident by tyrions expression when mentining pig shit to Bronn and VarysI think the pig shit is just a reference to the wildfire...
2265	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I think the pig shit is just a reference to the wildfire...i think it will something different but we will see.  if pig shit=wildfire there wouldnt have been that ahha moment for tyrion
2266	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	No, Tyrion didn't mention this. What he said about Tysha was basically the same as in the books, except the "My father made me go last" part, which was omitted. In the show Tyrion only watched.I'm still not sure why that was omitted. I thought maybe Tyrion would tell Shae the whole truth this season, but that seems unlikely now. The most ruthless thing he's done this season was throw Pycelle into the dungeon.
2267	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-21	Despised BookTyrion for the reasons you list. I actually like ShowTyrion and want to buy him a tankard of ale. Dinklage is definitely playing a different character. That kind of sucks for him as an actor, because Tyrion is really more of a Don Draper/Tony Soprano/Al Swearengen kind of character. We can root for him, but we should also be disturbed sometimes that we're rooting for a prick.
2268	Ser Giant	2012-05-21	I think the pig shit is just a reference to the wildfire...Yeah, it's in reference to a line/joke someone(Tyrion or Bronn I think) said while talking to the Pyromancer Hyllane.
2269	mcb	2012-05-21	Yeah, it's in reference to a line/joke someone(Tyrion or Bronn I think) said while talking to the Pyromancer Hyllane.Pyromancer himself: "Our order does not deal in pig shit!"
2270	kephv	2012-05-21	People, seriously, we can't have them putting all that in. I mean, if they did, there'd be a serious chance of people actually disliking some of the things Tyrion does, and they just couldn't risk that happening. Could you just imagine what would happen then?I hear next season they're going to have him kill Tywin just for murdering Robb, because obviously, that would gain him all the fans that were let down by Robb's demise. Next they'll have him join the Starks in earnest with a goal of bringing a measure of justice back to the seven kingdoms.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 21 May 2012 - 08:32 PM.
2271	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	Yeah, it's in reference to a line/joke someone(Tyrion or Bronn I think) said while talking to the Pyromancer Hyllane.ahh yes replayed the scene and definitely refer to pig shit.  the necromancers were making wildfire for cersei and tyrion coopted it.  Kind of makes tyrions claim as savior of KL somewhat slightly questionable, but I suppose it will work for tv
2272	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	My thoughts on this from another thread:Yes, yes, yes, yes. A lot of Tyrion's depth has been lost, from brains to balls. The ONLY sign of his superior intellect has been the Pycelle trap. There have been NO sex scenes with Shae, which are purposefully all over the books....unfortunate b/c I think the contrast of how he'd be with Shae, whom he loves, vs. his interlude with Ros last season would've been good for character development.  As it is they've whitewashed him quite a bit- no participation in Tysha's rape, no sex this season, no threats to Tommen after the Alayaya/Ros beating, no Cersei poisoning (why show him getting the drug from Pycelle in the first place???), over the top Prince Charming setup of the forthcoming Sansa marriage....very little substance, conflict, darkness, or depth, all of which make him such a fantastic character.
2273	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-21	next yall gonna call out Hodors character for not pronouncing H-O-D-A-R right
2274	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	They are doing that to all the lannisters 
They are making Joffrey more psychotic than he was in the books and pinning things on him that were not his doing ie killing robert's bastards
Jaime randomly killing his cousin, making him more psychotic than he was in the books.
They are making Cersei and Tywin more sympathetic. Tywin opening up to this girl he made for a noble born and smiling. Cersei being less vicious and more "Its all Joffrey i am so helpless etc"
Tyrion is being portrayed as the Ned Stark for the  Lannisters... which he is not
2275	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Tyrion is being portrayed as the Ned Stark for the Lannisters... which he is notAn apologetic Ned Stark, but yes.
2276	Darth Pipes	2012-05-21	As pointed out, you couldn't include all those things for Tyrion.  There isn't enough time.  But they've definitely white-wash some of his behavior.  For Clash, I don't mind.  Clash is Tyrion at the height of his standing in Westeros.  It's a personal highpoint despite some of his less-than-honorable moments, like threatening Shae and threatening Tommen. 
If they white-wash his behavior in Season 3, I wil be very annoyed.  Tyrion declines in every way in that book and that should be reflected on the show.  It's important to his story arc throught the rest of the books.  That being said, I'd be surprised if they have TV Tyrion murder Shae.
2277	Bourne	2012-05-21	Tyrion is being portrayed as the Ned Stark for the Lannisters... which he is notAnd thank god for that.
2278	Eddard Sand	2012-05-22	Since the chain is seemingly cut from the show I think I have an idea as to how Tyrion will be saving the day during the blackwater. Now since Tyrion went through the trouble of describing his previous appointment as head plumber of Lannisport/the Rock (don't remember which). I think we are going to see him using this old bit of knowledge to save the day. I can see him somehow using the drainage systems of Kings Landing to flood the Blackwater with pigshit/wildfire, now if this substance is buoyant (which I think it is from what I remember from the text) then we will hopefully see Tyrions genius at work! Imagine the entire Blackwater set ablaze in an emerald inferno of epic proportions. They wouldn't even need the chain to catch every ship aflame. I hope this happens, or something similarly revealing of Tyrions brilliance. 
Sincerely,
Eddard Sand 
Bastard of the Boneway
2279	wolverine	2012-05-22	FWIW I think they are going to replace the chain with some trick with pig shit as evident by tyrions expression when mentining pig shit to Bronn and VarysHow about a slippery steamy slope of slimy saturated swine secretions in front of the mud gate bogging down any soldiers who make landfall so they are simply slaughtered soaked in a sloppy cesspit.EDIT:  I assumed the reference to pig shit was referencing something else, but I didn't remember what until you guys mentioned it above in this thread.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 22 May 2012 - 12:39 AM.
2280	Evamitchelle	2012-05-22	They've also removed him kidnapping his 8-year-old nephew and threatening to have him beaten and raped if Alayaya suffers the same. Also him poisoning Cersei and threatening to break her arm for slapping him. Burning all the hovels on the riverside with less than a hour's notice. Taking all the greyness out of the character is doing him a great disservice in my opinion. Next season it will really look like everyone turned against him because he's a dwarf, while the truth is that most people just don't like him because he makes fun of everybody and because he's done a couple of things the population doesn't like (burning their houses, imposing a curfew, killing prominent citizens without a trial, the clansmen general behaviour etc.). 
I don't think Tywin's been whitewashed though. He's more sympathetic, certainly, but he's still doing all the terrible things he did in the books : ordering the gang-rape of a 13-year-old girl, ordering Clegane to go around burning and pillaging the Riverlands, hiring men like the Tickler etc. I don't mind making a character more sympathetic as long as it's done by adding backstory and not removing canonical actions. So while I can get behind Tywin teaching his dyslexic son to read, having Cersei play second fiddle to Joffrey doesn't sit well with me.
2281	MoonCoffee	2012-05-22	They soften a lot of people. Tyrion, Tywin, Cersei, Shae, Sandor, Arya. The Mountain doesn't have that gangrape story either. HBO may be ready to show gratuitous female nudity and call the show 'adult', but they don't seem ready with humans' ugly side, unless they're "pure evil" like Joffrey.
I like how Tyrion threatens to harm Tommen in the book. He didn't mean it, he genuinely likes the boy and doesn't have the heart to do it, but he has to bluff because otherwise he has no leverage against Cersei. That is political drama.
					
					
							Edited by MoonCoffee, 22 May 2012 - 01:03 AM.
2282	Evamitchelle	2012-05-22	I like how Tyrion threatens to harm Tommen in the book. He didn't mean it, he genuinely likes the boy and doesn't have the heart to do it, but he has to bluff because otherwise he has no leverage against Cersei. That is political drama.I'm pretty sure he would have gone through with it if Cersei hadn't managed to get Tommen back while Tyrion was recuperating from the Blackwater. It seems to me that all the Lannisters follow the rule that Jaime enunciates in Feast, basically that a threat is worthless unless you can actually go through with it if need be."I promised my sister I would treat Tommen as she treated Alayaya," he remembered aloud. He felt as though he might retch. "How can I scourge an eight-year-old boy ?" But if I don't, Cersei wins. "You don't have Tommen," Bronn said bluntly. [...] Another blow; yet a relief as well, he must admit it. He was fond of Tommen."This passage only makes sense in the context of Tyrion considering having Tommen whipped. The idea makes him sick, but he would still have done it if Tommen had still been in his possession.
2283	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-22	I like TV Tyrion better.  I have a hard time getting behind him in the books and I want to get behind him.
I'm not sure how this characterization is going to pull off the crossbow-on-the-privy incident, since the person on the receiving end of that hasn't been portrayed (on-screen anyway) as evil enough.
2284	MoonCoffee	2012-05-22	"I promised my sister I would treat Tommen as she treated Alayaya," he remembered aloud. He felt as though he might retch. "How can I scourge an eight-year-old boy ?" But if I don't, Cersei wins. "You don't have Tommen," Bronn said bluntly. [...] Another blow; yet a relief as well, he must admit it. He was fond of Tommen."This passage only makes sense in the context of Tyrion considering having Tommen whipped. The idea makes him sick, but he would still have done it if Tommen had still been in his possession.I stand corrected then, on the "doesn't have the heart to do it" part. I still like him though, he only got annoying in Essos. :x
2285	Pellaeon	2012-05-22	I think they want Tyrion to be the new main character of the series, in the books he is a grey character, that may work with the bookreaders but not with the average TV audience, so they have to make him more morally otherwise the viewers would dislike him
2286	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	On HBO though?  With Al Swearingen, Tony Soprano, and Stringer Bell as beloved characters in the past?  I definitely feel they are softening things up, and as I read the books, I wondered how they would get away with some of it, but jesus, this is the channel that broadcast oz and deadwood and the sopranoes!  It's weird that they seem to be struggling with some of the darker aspects of these books.
2287	Ghost714	2012-05-22	Sorry if someone else mentioned this, but in this episode, when Tyrion was talking to Shae, he said he would kill for her, and that he imagined he will have to before it is all said and done. So I think that the show is setting him up to do something "bad", as far as protecting Shae goes, similarly to how he kills Simon Silver Tongue in the books, or something like that, I imagine.
2288	Rapsie	2012-05-22	The characterisation is problem this season generally. Tyrion has just been made all round good guy, serving the wrong cause; he doesn't even seem as snarky in humour terms as he was in season 1. He has a sort of tragic romantic hero thing going on. That is going to impact the later storylines.
But then again show Shae is even more of a change. I'm not sure to be honest where they are going her character, unless the final beytrayal at the trial is going to make Tyrion's killing her seem completely and utterly justified. At least the character on the show is still watchable......unlike a young wolf and a certain nurse I can think of.
2289	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-22	I can see them increasing Shae's role.  She could do most (all?) of the Ser Dontos role in promising an escape and eventually (Ros involved? Dontos?) delivering Sansa into Littlefinger's hands.
Her betrayal came as a bit of a surprise in the books with little mention of her while Tyrion was imprisoned.  Perhaps they will really build her up as Tyrion's true love, promising escape for Sansa, before the revelations shock the audience.
2290	Woman of War	2012-05-22	By Keep Shelly in Athens:We can root for him, but we should also be disturbed sometimes that we're rooting for a prick.Agree. i want to see the whole range of possibilities the Tyrion character offers. It is easy to like the HBO Tyrion better than book Tyrion. But I want to see his genius and as well his disturbed personality, not only his compassion and empathy. i WANT to follow his road to far darker areas later on, he is the most fascinating character in the books to me, I want to see the complete Tyrion.Though maybe HBO wants to make his moral conflicts more shocking and harder to digest by starting his road into getting a darker soul more slowly, hinted at, only to be shockingly bold when it comes to the real stuff like murdering Shae and Tywin. I also think that we will get more of Tyrion's inner conflicts concerning the Sansa marriage, since the books only gave us her POV and everything discussed about it in these forums is mainly based on assumption and deduction. Dinklage as the great actor that he is would be able to make us perceive some of the conflicts that are not directly given to us in the books.Yes I want Tyrion highlighted in his darker parts as well, I want to see his craving for love and friendship, the better or sadder parts of his sex life (we won't see his wedding night boner, won't we Mr. Dinklage? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  Guess we won't see Jaime in the bathtub either, Mr. Coster-Waldau ?  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ) I want to see his misanthropy, his disturbed emotions, his intelligence and openmindedness as well.  No, , seriously, I want to see all  his positive and evil aspects, only that way I can value all the possibilities yet to come of this hugely interesting literary invention.But I have trust into the enormous possibilities of Peter Dinklage. I think the medium TV slmply has to be bolder, more flashy  and less subtle to pass a message. And the interaction between Cersei and Tyrion I like even better than in the books. When Tyrion tries to reach out to Cersei but doesn't know how  after she just breaks down - this is great acting from both Dinklage and Headey, so touching. Yes, the grey characters are so much more interesting than the good guys and girls, the range of what they have to offer is so much bigger.
2291	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	How about a slippery steamy slope of slimy saturated swine secretions in front of the mud gate bogging down any soldiers who make landfall so they are simply slaughtered soaked in a sloppy cesspit. EDIT: I assumed the reference to pig shit was referencing something else, but I didn't remember what until you guys mentioned it above in this thread.sweet
2292	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I like TV Tyrion better. I have a hard time getting behind him in the books and I want to get behind him. I'm not sure how this characterization is going to pull off the crossbow-on-the-privy incident, since the person on the receiving end of that hasn't been portrayed (on-screen anyway) as evil enough.i thnk they still have time to build conflict with his father, denying him Castlery Rock, condemning hime to death, basic humiliation of tyriion.
2293	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	I'm not sure to be honest where they are going her character, unless the final beytrayal at the trial is going to make Tyrion's killing her seem completely and utterly justified.Oh man. I dont want to open up another "is Shae a bad person" debate, but I would scream at the TV if they portrayed Tyrion's killing of her as justified. The whitewashing would be complete. To avoid that, they might want to write a new scene that shows someone at court coercing her to testify against him. She can decide to sleep with Tywin if she wants; that choice doesn't deserve MURDER but it might make Shae more morally complex if she's thinking she's "on the job" the whole time. But who knows, they may decide to make her Tywins mole from the beginning.I also think that we will get more of Tyrion's inner conflicts concerning the Sansa marriage, since the books only gave us her POV and everything discussed about it in these forums is mainly based on assumption and deduction.I'm kind of wary about the marriage. I doubt they will show his desire to fuck Sansa, because the entire season he's been acting like nothing but a courtly gentleman toward her. His chivalry (the last word I would use to describe him) around Sansa makes me gag. ShowTyrion also doesn't seem to have BookTyrion's sexual appetites.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 22 May 2012 - 10:19 AM.
2294	Morvran	2012-05-22	I'm still not sure why that was omitted. I thought maybe Tyrion would tell Shae the whole truth this season, but that seems unlikely now. The most ruthless thing he's done this season was throw Pycelle into the dungeon.Maybe because it's so physically implausible?  I don't know, it made me shake my head while reading as well.  So his 'wife' is being pillaged by a bunch of guards, and he is then able to ....perform?  He's physically aroused?  It's either a tale of horror or it's not, and if it's horrific then he doesn't have an erection.  I think making him watch makes much more sense.(sorry for the thread derail...yes, Tyrion's character has been whitewashed).
2295	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	By Keep Shelly in Athens: Agree. i want to see the whole range of possibilities the Tyrion character offers. It is easy to like the HBO Tyrion better than book Tyrion. But I want to see his genius and as well his disturbed personality, not only his compassion and empathy. i WANT to follow his road to far darker areas later on, he is the most fascinating character in the books to me, I want to see the complete Tyrion. Though maybe HBO wants to make his moral conflicts more shocking and harder to digest by starting his road into getting a darker soul more slowly, hinted at, only to be shockingly bold when it comes to the real stuff like murdering Shae and Tywin. I also think that we will get more of Tyrion's inner conflicts concerning the Sansa marriage, since the books only gave us her POV and everything discussed about it in these forums is mainly based on assumption and deduction. Dinklage as the great actor that he is would be able to make us perceive some of the conflicts that are not directly given to us in the books. Yes I want Tyrion highlighted in his darker parts as well, I want to see his craving for love and friendship, the better or sadder parts of his sex life (we won't see his wedding night boner, won't we Mr. Dinklage? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Guess we won't see Jaime in the bathtub either, Mr. Coster-Waldau ? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ) I want to see his misanthropy, his disturbed emotions, his intelligence and openmindedness as well. No, , seriously, I want to see all his positive and evil aspects, only that way I can value all the possibilities yet to come of this hugely interesting literary invention. But I have trust into the enormous possibilities of Peter Dinklage. I think the medium TV slmply has to be bolder, more flashy and less subtle to pass a message.THIS.  Absolutely.  Of course it's impossible to get all of this in the midst of all else that needs to go into the show, but really, the dark side is woefully absent.  Thank God for Peter Dinklage or this character would be a disaster.  He's the reason Tyrion has any hint of intelligence or depth this season, although I do think that element was there in Season 1.Oh man. I dont want to open up another "is Shae a bad person" debate, but I would scream at the TV if they portrayed Tyrion's killing of her as justified. The whitewashing would be complete. To avoid that, they might want to write a new scene that shows someone at court coercing her to testify against him. She can decide to sleep with Tywin if she wants; that choice doesn't deserve MURDER but it might make Shae more morally complex if she's thinking she's "on the job" the whole time. But who knows, they may decide to make her Tywins mole from the beginning.I suspect we have differing opinions wrt Tyrion and/or Shae (I do think she was "on the job" the entire time with both Tyrion and Tywin) but I have to agree with you here.  Her murder is important to show that dark side of Tyrion-  a Tywinesque dark side ("I believe I'm you writ small") that should be out there.I'm kind of wary about the marriage. I doubt they will show his desire to fuck Sansa, because the entire season he's been acting like nothing but a courtly gentleman toward her. His chivalry (the last word I would use to describe him) around Sansa makes me gag. ShowTyrion also doesn't seem to have BookTyrion's sexual appetites.100% YES.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> Tired of getting hit over the head with the foreshadowing.  And I think there should have been at least one sex scene between Tyrion/Shae as it's a vital indicator of what their relationship really is vs. what Tyrion hopes/dreams it is.  Instead we get all the playing house hubby/wife setup- she even lives with him, for God's sake, as if no one would notice or discover this but Varys, esp. considering the tower of the hand seems to have been consolidated into the royal apartments.  In the book he goes to her when he wants a fuck, either purely for sexual gratification or for reassurance/validity of his masculinity, and he convinces himself it all means something to her like it does for him.
2296	camradio	2012-05-22	I dont have a problem with what they are doing. They still show some cruelty,sending Janos to the wall, slapping Joffery around, cutting Pycell's beard. There is no internal monologue so they have to take some of the grey out of the character, especially since is the most recognized actor on the show.
2297	Darth Pipes	2012-05-22	By Keep Shelly in Athens: Agree. i want to see the whole range of possibilities the Tyrion character offers. It is easy to like the HBO Tyrion better than book Tyrion. But I want to see his genius and as well his disturbed personality, not only his compassion and empathy. i WANT to follow his road to far darker areas later on, he is the most fascinating character in the books to me, I want to see the complete Tyrion. Though maybe HBO wants to make his moral conflicts more shocking and harder to digest by starting his road into getting a darker soul more slowly, hinted at, only to be shockingly bold when it comes to the real stuff like murdering Shae and Tywin. I also think that we will get more of Tyrion's inner conflicts concerning the Sansa marriage, since the books only gave us her POV and everything discussed about it in these forums is mainly based on assumption and deduction. Dinklage as the great actor that he is would be able to make us perceive some of the conflicts that are not directly given to us in the books. Yes I want Tyrion highlighted in his darker parts as well, I want to see his craving for love and friendship, the better or sadder parts of his sex life (we won't see his wedding night boner, won't we Mr. Dinklage? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Guess we won't see Jaime in the bathtub either, Mr. Coster-Waldau ? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ) I want to see his misanthropy, his disturbed emotions, his intelligence and openmindedness as well. No, , seriously, I want to see all his positive and evil aspects, only that way I can value all the possibilities yet to come of this hugely interesting literary invention. But I have trust into the enormous possibilities of Peter Dinklage. I think the medium TV slmply has to be bolder, more flashy and less subtle to pass a message. And the interaction between Cersei and Tyrion I like even better than in the books. When Tyrion tries to reach out to Cersei but doesn't know how after she just breaks down - this is great acting from both Dinklage and Headey, so touching. Yes, the grey characters are so much more interesting than the good guys and girls, the range of what they have to offer is so much bigger.Excellent post.  In order to get a fully-developed characterization, we have to get the bad with the good.  I don't mind Tyrion being made to look better this season.  As I said, this is the book where Tyrion is at his highest point.  Hand of the King, people to do his bidding, his relationship with Shae, etc.  If we get the whitewashed Tyrion next season, that will be a big disappointment and would do an injustice to the character.
2298	Ghost714	2012-05-22	Why do people have a problem with Tyrion being nothing but courteous to Sansa in the show? That's exactly how he was in the book, Tyrion always felt sorry for Sansa, and he always tried to help her.
I do agree with others in hoping they show Tyrion's desire to have sex with Sansa after they are married. Even though Tyrion feels sorry for her, in this world of political marriages, it still makes sense that he would physically want her, despite it being wrong, because she is still a very beautiful young woman. Especially so to Tyrion, considering he is no Jaime Lannister in the looks department. 
I mean this in the most non perverted way, but I hope they have Tyrion and Sansa get married in season 4. I am pretty sure they are doing ASoS in two seasons, and by the time they shoot the fourth season, Sophie Turner should be old enough to do their wedding night like in the book. Her being old enough is important, to really show what Sansa went through, and if she is not old enough to do the wedding night properly, then it will be a serious injustice to Sansa's character. Just like with Dany and Drogo, the audience needs to see what Sansa has to go through, that way they can really put themselves in her shoes. That's part of the reason why Emilia Clarke was ok with going nude for her scenes with Drogo and stuff, she felt like it was important to show that. I know it might sound perverted, but I hope Sophie Turner feels the same way about it, when she comes of age, because that grittiness is part of what makes the books so good.
2299	Pellaeon	2012-05-22	Why do people have a problem with Tyrion being nothing but courteous to Sansa in the show? That's exactly how he was in the book, Tyrion always felt sorry for Sansa, and he always tried to help her. I do agree with others in hoping they show Tyrion's desire to have sex with Sansa after they are married. Even though Tyrion feels sorry for her, in this world of political marriages, it still makes sense that he would physically want her, despite it being wrong, because she is still a very beautiful young woman. Especially so to Tyrion, considering he is no Jaime Lannister in the looks department. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />But I believe the marriage will be in season 3, considering Tyrion is the new main character D&amp;D might see a chance to bring some informations, we know only out of his inner monologues, in conversations between Sansa and him, when he tried to comfort her. The story, he always wanted a dragon etc. for example.
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 22 May 2012 - 03:22 PM.
2300	Wouter	2012-05-22	Why do people have a problem with Tyrion being nothing but courteous to Sansa in the show? That's exactly how he was in the book, Tyrion always felt sorry for Sansa, and he always tried to help her.In ACOK this was true to a large extent (he didn't want to negotiate really seriously about her release, short of getting back  Jaime or Robb's total surrender, but then this was conforming to the political reality). He was always courteous to Sansa in ACOK, as shown on TV, but the one thing they added was him admiring her attitude after the beating she got from Joffrey's KG. In the books, he pitied her to some degree but he never admired her (except for the way she went about her courtesies, and this was after their marriage).However, in ASOS, he certainly didn't help her by sneaking up on her with the marriage - he could have done way more than he did, but his dark side, his desires took over.Of course, HBO still have plenty of time to set that up - as has been pointed out, he is far from the only character that is being white-washed to some degree (Shae herself is another - way more sympathetic than in the books) and it may be doubtful a truly grey Tyrion would be well-received by the bulk of the TV audience, even on HBO (they lack the POV structure to sympathise with his feelings and reasonings). They will still have to darken him considerably as a lead-in to his Essos wanderings. I guess Tywin will not be portrayed in a sympathetic light during the trial either, and his desire to get his son killed will be shown less ambiguously to make Tyrion's motives even more obvious.
2301	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	Maybe because it's so physically implausible? I don't know, it made me shake my head while reading as well. So his 'wife' is being pillaged by a bunch of guards, and he is then able to ....perform? He's physically aroused? It's either a tale of horror or it's not, and if it's horrific then he doesn't have an erection. I think making him watch makes much more sense. (sorry for the thread derail...yes, Tyrion's character has been whitewashed).my feeling exactly.  whenever that story comes up, it makes my blood boil and then I realize how fictional it really is.
2302	Lexicdark	2012-05-22	I'm kind of wary about the marriage. I doubt they will show his desire to fuck Sansa, because the entire season he's been acting like nothing but a courtly gentleman toward her. His chivalry (the last word I would use to describe him) around Sansa makes me gag. ShowTyrion also doesn't seem to have BookTyrion's sexual appetites.I never thought that Tyrion wanted to fuck Sansa at any time before they were married.  Tyrion knows that she is scared and all alone, and is trying to make sure that neither Cersi or Joffery mess her up anymore than they already have.  That isn't to say that Tyrion doesn't find her attractive, but I never felt that he lusted after her in the books.Now after they are married, yes, he has some desire to sleep with her.  But I think it is more because he is drunk and she is now his wife, so she is kinda obligated.
2303	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	Maybe because it's so physically implausible? I don't know, it made me shake my head while reading as well. So his 'wife' is being pillaged by a bunch of guards, and he is then able to ....perform? He's physically aroused? It's either a tale of horror or it's not, and if it's horrific then he doesn't have an erection. I think making him watch makes much more sense. (sorry for the thread derail...yes, Tyrion's character has been whitewashed).my feeling exactly. whenever that story comes up, it makes my blood boil and then I realize how fictional it really is.I thought once he discovered she was a "whore," his attitude toward her changed and he began to treat her like one. Like, he wasn't thinking "hey you're hurting my wife," he was thinking "damn, I was tricked by this trick. It sucks, but I better do what my asshole father says!" He believes (misguidedly) that women who service men for a living can't be raped, traumatized, or wed. Anyone else have a different interpretation?
2304	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	I thought once he discovered she was a "whore," his attitude toward her changed and he began to treat her like one. Like, he wasn't thinking "hey you're hurting my wife," he was thinking "damn, I was tricked by this trick. It sucks, but I better do what my asshole father says!" He believes (misguidedly) that women who service men for a living can't be raped, traumatized, or wed. Anyone else have a different interpretation?That's not what I got, probably because he ended up falling for Shae.  I think Tyrion really loved Tyesha (sp) and doesn't have that stigma attached to whores.  He was resigned to whores after that, but I think that's because he always felt awkward around women, not because of what his father did.If you loved someone as much as Tyrion claims he did his first love, I just don't see how you can finish the rape train.
2305	Morvran	2012-05-22	I thought once he discovered she was a "whore," his attitude toward her changed and he began to treat her like one. Like, he wasn't thinking "hey you're hurting my wife," he was thinking "damn, I was tricked by this trick. It sucks, but I better do what my asshole father says!" He believes (misguidedly) that women who service men for a living can't be raped, traumatized, or wed. Anyone else have a different interpretation?Even if that where the case, in that scenario I think it's highly unlikely that he would be able to join in.  Even, or maybe especially, under orders from his father.  People just aren't wired like that...even the Tyrion from the books.  It makes more sense that he was made to watch.As for how it played out in the book, my recollection is that the rape scene happened, and then it wasn't until much later that he was told (by Jaime I think??) that she had actually been a hired prostitute.  ...I could be way off.
2306	Rapsie	2012-05-22	In the show Tyrion is more than kind to her, in the books he is kind but he is still her Jailor and stated before the whole court (including her) that her treatment would depend on Robb bending knee. He feels a stab of pity as he says it because he knows it is cruel. She is also being beaten almost daily at this point, so it would appear that he agrees with this treatment. Afterall he is Hand of the King. He does stop one beating and then tells her that he will send her home. With the forced marriage he breaks his word to her and she has no reason to trust him. 
But to be honest if they whitewash his character as they have done this season, I think we will see Tyrion behaving like a Prince towards her on the wedding night and not marrying her to become Lord of Winterfell. I also doubt he will know Tywin is planning to kill Robb so that Tyrion can have Winterfell as in the books (not that Tyrion knew the specifics), but Tywin did talk about when Robb was dead infront of him and strongly hinted a plot to remove Robb was afoot.
2307	Morrigan	2012-05-22	They have certainly whitewashed him, as they have whitewashed Tywin, Arya, and even Cersei. On the other hand, they have also downplayed many things about him: his intellect and his vulnerability/insecurity about his physical appearance, and his sexuality. We have barely seen Tyrion with Shae this season when she was his main personal preoccupation in A Clash of Kings. Book-Tyrion would have known that the "twisted monkey little demon" referred to him, he wouldn't need to be told by Bronn (though I admit, the look full of hurt that Dinklage had at that scene was worth that small change). He wouldn't have been fumbling about old books trying to think of a magical city defense a few days before the siege, but he would have been working diligently on the chain and other defenses.They showed him at his best early in the season, when he outplayed Pycelle, but since the last few episodes he hasn't been doing much. It's a bit disappointing. TV viewers and book readers alike are fond of Tyrion, so it appears they're making him the "cool guy" more and more, but at the cost of his character depth. Well, at least the character isn't ruined yet, but it's a bit of a pity, IMO.With the forced marriage he breaks his word to her and she has no reason to trust him.Not really, he offered her Lancel instead of him and she refused and said "let's get this over with".
2308	mcb	2012-05-22	Even if that where the case, in that scenario I think it's highly unlikely that he would be able to join in. Even, or maybe especially, under orders from his father. People just aren't wired like that...even the Tyrion from the books. It makes more sense that he was made to watch. As for how it played out in the book, my recollection is that the rape scene happened, and then it wasn't until much later that he was told (by Jaime I think??) that she had actually been a hired prostitute. ...I could be way off.Actually, Shelly got it right: First he made my brother tell me the truth. The girl was a whore, you see. Jaime arranged the whole affair, the road, the outlaws, all of it. He thought it was time I had a woman. He paid double for a maiden, knowing it would be my first time.After Jaime had made his confession, to drive home the lesson, Lord Tywin brought my wife in and gave her to his guards...
2309	Morvran	2012-05-22	Actually, Shelly got it right:Well there you go.  Thanks for pulling the quote.   Though it doesn't change the ridiculousness of a situation where someone can 'make' someone else go last, and they can actually do it.  I remember Jaime confessing something else to Tyrion later, I thought it was regarding that scene.  I think when he releases him from prison?
2310	mcb	2012-05-22	Well there you go. Thanks for pulling the quote. Though it doesn't change the ridiculousness of a situation where someone can 'make' someone else go last, and they can actually do it. I remember Jaime confessing something else to Tyrion later, I thought it was regarding that scene. I think when he releases him from prison?Yup. It was then when Tyrion learned that Tysha had never, in fact, been a whore.
2311	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-22	That's not what I got, probably because he ended up falling for Shae. I think Tyrion really loved Tyesha (sp) and doesn't have that stigma attached to whores. He was resigned to whores after that, but I think that's because he always felt awkward around women, not because of what his father did. If you loved someone as much as Tyrion claims he did his first love, I just don't see how you can finish the rape train.Yeah, as far as first time sexual experiences go, this one has to be one of the worst and least likely. But it does make sense that Tywin would punish Tyrion for marrying a low-born girl, and then make up some fake story. Making Tyrion look like a idiot who married a whore. Apparently, gang raping a commoner isn't a disgrace to the Lannister name, but marrying one is.But I think his love of Tysha was soured once Jaime told him it was a set up. I guess my interpreation is that, with both Tysha and Shae, he thought he was loving an illusion, and both times he felt betrayed. So he had no problems raping Tysha or killing Shae. That's why I thought it was important to include in the show. Although I suppose audiences would be just as confused as most folks when they read that scene. "What do you mean Nice Guy Tyrion participated in a gang rape of his own wife?!?" Well, its because some Nice Guys do rape their wives, and furthermore, the act wasn't about sex or getting turned on, it was about Tywin forcing him to assert his power as a Lannister.In ADWD I think he feels sorry for himself (not really for Tysha though) after he realizes that she was sincere. Even more tragically (disturbingly?), he doesn't realize that even if she was a whore, Tysha could still have fallen in love with him. He only cares about her when he finds out she was really a crofter's daughter.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 22 May 2012 - 05:32 PM.
2312	Ghost714	2012-05-22	Well there you go.  Thanks for pulling the quote.   Though it doesn't change the ridiculousness of a situation where someone can 'make' someone else go last, and they can actually do it.  I remember Jaime confessing something else to Tyrion later, I thought it was regarding that scene.  I think when he releases him from prison?Well there you go.  Thanks for pulling the quote.   Though it doesn't change the ridiculousness of a situation where someone can 'make' someone else go last, and they can actually do it.  I remember Jaime confessing something else to Tyrion later, I thought it was regarding that scene.  I think when he releases him from prison?I don't think it's that ridiculous. If I married this girl and fell in love with her, and thought she loved me, only to find out she was going along with a prank, and that she was really a whore, I would give her one last go, just to treat her like the whore I believed her to be. Not to mention Tywin told him to do it, and Tyrion already knew he was on Tywin's bad side for bringing that "shame" down on their House. So it's not like Tyrion would want to make his dad more mad. Also, he was a thirteen year old boy, at that age you will screw anything. I highly doubt Tywin was just setting there watching his son pump away on this girl, so again it's not that ridiculous, especially in the world of aSoIaF.
2313	Patchface12	2012-05-22	The Tyrion of the show more or less seems the same as his book counterpart.
Tho they might take him down a darker path in the next two seasons that encompass Storm of Swords.
2314	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Pyromancer himself: "Our order does not deal in pig shit!"In the books, â<U+0080><U+009C>pig shitâ<U+0080><U+009D> gets precisely one mention:There was nothing sweet about Sisterton, though. It was a vile town, a sty, small and mean and rank with the odors of pig shit and rotting fish. Davos remembered it well from his smuggling days. The Three Sisters had been a favorite haunt of smugglers for hundreds of years, and a pirateâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nest before that. Sistertonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s streets were mud and planks, its houses daub-and-wattle hovels roofed with straw, and by the Gallows Gate there were always hanged men with their entrails dangling out.
2315	Ghost714	2012-05-22	In the books, Â<U+0093>pig shitÂ<U+0094> gets precisely one mention:There was nothing sweet about Sisterton, though. It was a vile town, a sty, small and mean and rank with the odors of pig shit and rotting fish. Davos remembered it well from his smuggling days. The Three Sisters had been a favorite haunt of smugglers for hundreds of years, and a pirateÂ<U+0092>s nest before that. SistertonÂ<U+0092>s streets were mud and planks, its houses daub-and-wattle hovels roofed with straw, and by the Gallows Gate there were always hanged men with their entrails dangling out.What's your point lol?Pig shit is just what Bronn called the wildfire.
2316	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	i believe they will tie the wildfire to the sewer system,which will be a workable solution to the tyrion saves KL conundrum.
2317	Sixshells	2012-05-22	Maybe because it's so physically implausible? I don't know, it made me shake my head while reading as well. So his 'wife' is being pillaged by a bunch of guards, and he is then able to ....perform? He's physically aroused? It's either a tale of horror or it's not, and if it's horrific then he doesn't have an erection. I think making him watch makes much more sense. (sorry for the thread derail...yes, Tyrion's character has been whitewashed).It's actually possible to be physiologically aroused and even reach orgasm even though the person really doesn't want to have sex. Belief that it's impossible is hurtful for rape victims to whom it happened, as it adds to the shame.Watching people having sex is usually arousing (if not the porn industry would not exist, let alone be as profitable as it is), plus, if the "reveal" of her being a whore and pretending to love him was not enough, it's not a stretch to imagine Tyrion being forced to stimulate himself to "perform". He might even have been given some kind of aphrodisiac to help. Let's not forget that book-Tywin is more fearsome than TV-Tywin, and that Tyrion was still a young boy very much under the authority of his father. Point is: it's really not as unlikely as you think.
2318	Honey Badger	2012-05-22	In the same boat of people saying they really softened and simplified the characters.  A shame on the writers, who decided not to give the audience any credit.  This is the same network who had very rich characters in Al and his Gem Saloon, Tony Soprano, Avon Barksdale, etc.  You can love and hate a character at the same time, and still feel engaged in the story. 
It's just so strange that one of the most deep fantasy series in ASOIAF is getting the stupid treatment, and from HBO no less.
2319	The Scum	2012-05-23	FWIW I think they are going to replace the chain with some trick with pig shit as evident by tyrions expression when mentining pig shit to Bronn and VarysLol - if true then Bronn will have a burning pig shit as his banners later in the series.
2320	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	Re: Tyrion's participation in the gang-rape of Tysha.....it's the same gut-reaction that leads him to kill Shae.  As someone mentioned above, he was in love with both, believed- against all likelihood- that they loved him- ugly and pathetic as he believed he was.  Add to that the betrayal was twofold in both instances: with Shae, as his own father then hypocritically bangs his son's whore, with Tysha, his beloved Jaime lied to him.  Worlds o' hurt and anger in all that mess.  As the experts are always saying, rape is often not a crime based in lust, but in anger.  If a modern-day real world rapist can get it up out of anger so can a fictional medieval one.  So I can definitely buy his participation.  He was mad at the world for being made such a fool, and the only person he could take it out on at that time was Tysha.  He believed Tywin's assessment of her b/c Jaime substantiated it and I thoroughly believe Tyrion wouldn't have crossed Daddy for the world at that time.  So he did as he was told.
2321	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	for me i cannot empathize with tyrion raping tysha, being able to perform in that scenario (thankfully), but I suppose, being aware of the vast number of sexual predilictions in this world, I can see it as feasible.  I can trust the author in that sense, that Tyrion could or would "get it up" for whatever reason.  It certainly fits with his relationship to his father, his view of himself.  We can certainly see and appreciate that single act has had on his character. 
Again, reading the situation in the book I could not understand how any man could perform under that scenario, the stress alone would be too much to allow for the needed mechanics to work. So I am left (not having a real world parrallel) to trust GRRMs thesis and move on.
2322	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Yeah, as far as first time sexual experiences go, this one has to be one of the worst and least likely. But it does make sense that Tywin would punish Tyrion for marrying a low-born girl, and then make up some fake story. Making Tyrion look like a idiot who married a whore. Apparently, gang raping a commoner isn't a disgrace to the Lannister name, but marrying one is. But I think his love of Tysha was soured once Jaime told him it was a set up. I guess my interpreation is that, with both Tysha and Shae, he thought he was loving an illusion, and both times he felt betrayed. So he had no problems raping Tysha or killing Shae. That's why I thought it was important to include in the show. Although I suppose audiences would be just as confused as most folks when they read that scene. "What do you mean Nice Guy Tyrion participated in a gang rape of his own wife?!?" Well, its because some Nice Guys do rape their wives, and furthermore, the act wasn't about sex or getting turned on, it was about Tywin forcing him to assert his power as a Lannister. In ADWD I think he feels sorry for himself (not really for Tysha though) after he realizes that she was sincere. Even more tragically (disturbingly?), he doesn't realize that even if she was a whore, Tysha could still have fallen in love with him. He only cares about her when he finds out she was really a crofter's daughter.I'm following you here.  Perhaps I'm just not the gang rape type, lol.  Especially not going last.  Sorry pops, you can kill your son over that one.  I don't think even Tywin would kill his son for failing to commit gang rape. And I DEFINITELY agree with the bold.  Tyrion is all about Tyrion.
2323	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	for me i cannot empathize with tyrion raping tysha, being able to perform in that scenario (thankfully), but I suppose, being aware of the vast number of sexual predilictions in this world, I can see it as feasible. I can trust the author in that sense, that Tyrion could or would "get it up" for whatever reason. It certainly fits with his relationship to his father, his view of himself. We can certainly see and appreciate that single act has had on his character. Again, reading the situation in the book I could not understand how any man could perform under that scenario, the stress alone would be too much to allow for the needed mechanics to work. So I am left (not having a real world parrallel) to trust GRRMs thesis and move on.I would be a horrible gang raper as well.
2324	Ghost714	2012-05-23	Tyrion did not think of it as "gang rape", he thought she was a whore who fucked for money. I don't see why some people are thinking it wouldn't be possible for Tyrion. Tyrion watched all his fathers men do Tysha, but that does not mean they watched him doing her.
2325	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I would be a horrible gang raper as well.that is good to know!
2326	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-23	It's a highly sensitive topic and interpretations vary wildly, but I think it shouldn't matter that he found out she was a whore, it should matter that Tywin lied and had a girl raped. Tysha, the "supposed whore" could still be raped even if she got paid for it. Even if she agreed to do it for money, she got brutalized very badly in the end.In the show the story is used to add a tragic cast to Tyrion's first marriage - and that's it. I doubt we will see any real exploration of how it shaped Tyrion's present views on women. BookTyrion thinks that rape and murder are the best ways to get vengeance against people he thinks are false to him. He's different from Al Swearengen in that he's not killing whores to keep his money prospects humming along. Instead, he believes he'll never find someone who loves him despite his wealth, name, and ugliness, and that all pretenders are "traitorous cunts." I hope the show writers make it clear that Tyrion has tunnel vision here and that we don't simply see things from his "woe is me" POV.In future seasons/books, what would really screw with Tyrions head is if he finds out that Tysha was flattered by the proposal because of his rank and station, because she dreamed of becoming a Lady--not because it was "true wuv." But, maybe she was the real deal for him (after one day? hard to see though). I bet Tysha, if she is alive, is an actual whore now. Sad irony!
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 23 May 2012 - 02:04 PM.
2327	Frumpus	2012-05-23	I didn't even remember every single point you brought up about Tyrion's supposed darkness. To me that just seems like nitpicking. It's not like the producers skipped those details because they make him look bad. They skipped them because they are such minor details that there was no justifiable reason whatsoever to add them. Honestly they don't even make him look bad.
Also wtf @ at the person who called Show Tyrion the Ned Stark of the Lannisters. You people must have ignored the fact that he knows about his siblings' incest and their plot to kill Bran, yet he does nothing about it because he doesn't want to ruin his own family. He does not have the same kind of ruthless compassion-less honor that Ned Stark had.
And all of the dirty plots of his are still dirty, even if they are against characters we deem as antagonists. And sleeping with tons of whores is supposed to make him morally superior as well? What show are you people watching!?
Tyrion on the show is no paragon of virtue and it is extremely laughable that just because some minor tidbits were left out, that he suddenly became one as a result.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 23 May 2012 - 02:25 PM.
2328	Impish	2012-05-23	I'm not sure how this characterization is going to pull off the crossbow-on-the-privy incident, since the person on the receiving end of that hasn't been portrayed (on-screen anyway) as evil enough.Tyrion goes after Tywin when Jaime tells him the truth about Tysha.  I think that will be evil enough.  Then there's finding Shea in Tywin's bed to add fuel to the fire.
2329	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	plus once Tywin reaches Kl I am sure there will be alot of conflict between Tyrion and Tywin, I have confidence in that
2330	Sixshells	2012-05-23	I hope, because there should have been a lot more conflict between Tyrion and Cercei this season than it did (WTF Cercei opening up to him about her relationship with Jaime?). In general I don't like with what they did with the character this season, he's just farting around too much like if he was on vacation. That's why his line about liking to play the game in this episode kinda pissed me off, because it didn't really feel like he was playing it all that much. Particularly I didn't get the sense that he had to navigate and circumvent other powerful people with their own agendas, and the buildup to the battle came a bit too late. I guess that's what you get when whitewashing Cercei.Edit:In the show the story is used to add a tragic cast to Tyrion's first marriage - and that's it. I doubt we will see any real exploration of how it shaped Tyrion's present views on women. BookTyrion thinks that rape and murder are the best ways to get vengeance against people he thinks are false to him. He's different from Al Swearengen in that he's not killing whores to keep his money prospects humming along. Instead, he believes he'll never find someone who loves him despite his wealth, name, and ugliness, and that all pretenders are "traitorous cunts." I hope the show writers make it clear that Tyrion has tunnel vision here and that we don't simply see things from his "woe is me" POV.I agree a lot with this. The Tyrion-rapist backstory is a device just there to add to his angst and daddy issues. It's not about Tysha's suffering, but all about his and the fact that he can't be loved "for who he is". Alas, that makes it a rather cheap and thoughtless use of such a traumatic experience as a literary tool.
					
					
							Edited by Sixshells, 23 May 2012 - 05:11 PM.
2331	Wouter	2012-05-23	Not really, he offered her Lancel instead of him and she refused and said "let's get this over with".Sansa didn't want to marry either Lancel or Tyrion, so his offer was already not a great one. Moreover, the Lannisters had prepared everything for the marriage with Tyrion and both Cersei and Joffrey had told her in no uncertain terms she was to go along, or else. Cersei even mentioned being dragged screaming to the altar. Tyrion then coming up with his "offer" (to choose between the pest and the cholera), after the king and queen regent had already made it clear she would be married today, to Tyrion, is not credible at all.This was literally minutes before the wedding. What do you think Cersei would have done if Sansa had told her that she would indeed marry a Lannister, but could she please have (injured) Lancel instead of Tyrion?I think a beating would have been in order to drive home the point that neither the king nor the queen regent can be disobeyed.  If Tyrion had made the same offer the day before the wedding, then maybe (as much as it was worth) it could have changed the outcome. Sansa could have attempted to run to the Tyrells and Tyrion could have told his family to fetch Lancel instead (if he could even stand at that time; he was still recovering from his injuries). As it was, Tyrion was later than the late lord Frey and maybe was just giving Sansa the offer so he could delude himself to think she went along of her own accord.
					
					
							Edited by Wouter, 23 May 2012 - 06:21 PM.
2332	Morrigan	2012-05-23	I disagree, I think Tyrion could have successfully convinced both his father and the queen that Lancel would be a good choice for her. It'd still give a Lannister claim to Winterfell, after all. Also, Tyrion brings up Lancel and asks if he's well enough to wed earlier than that, shortly before they tell Tyrion he's to marry Sansa, so the notion is already planted.â<U+0080><U+009C>You did not ask for this marriage, I know. No more than I did. If I had refused you, however, they would have wed you to my cousin Lancel. Perhaps you would prefer that. He is nearer your age, and fairer to look upon. If that is your wish, say so, and I will end this farce.â<U+0080><U+009D>Perhaps his claim was more bravado than common sense, but I think his offer was genuine. No, Sansa didn't want Lancel either, but it was not unreasonable to expect her to slightly prefer Lancel to Tyrion.
2333	teemo	2012-05-23	I definitely can't argue with this.  HBO found a huge fan favorite in Tyrion, and they don't want to tarnish his image.  It also makes me wonder how they are going to portray him in the Tyrion/Sansa marriage.  I hope they don't make Sansa look like a bitch.  Even though they like him so much, I don't see what the total harm would be in making him a little "grey."  It makes him more interesting.  Having him as the only "purely nice" Lannister (that we know well, besides the children) is just not right.  The writers have taken a lot of the grayness out of character in the show.  I guess some viewers get overwhelmed with too much "moral complexity."
2334	Ghost714	2012-05-23	I definitely can't argue with this.  HBO found a huge fan favorite in Tyrion, and they don't want to tarnish his image.  It also makes me wonder how they are going to portray him in the Tyrion/Sansa marriage.  I hope they don't make Sansa look like a bitch.  Even though they like him so much, I don't see what the total harm would be in making him a little "grey."  It makes him more interesting.  Having him as the only "purely nice" Lannister (that we know well, besides the children) is just not right.  The writers have taken a lot of the grayness out of character in the show.  I guess some viewers get overwhelmed with too much "moral complexity."Yeah but you would think HBO would be loving all the grey in the characters, that's what makes the books so good, and that's what really gets people addicted to them. I think the writers are just taking the craven-ly way out. They took risks in doing a fantasy show, they took risks with casting some people with very little experience, and now that all their risks have paid off, they are to worried to lose viewers to truly risk making things as gritty as they are in the books. They are trying to cater to the average viewers way to much this season. If they stuck more to the books, as far as grey characters go, sure then the show might not be for everyone, but the people that did like it would love it, and they would be dedicated fans from then on out, just like with the books. The books aren't for everyone, but for the people that do like them, they are completely hooked. I just wish the show would find their balls again, and take some risks, that way they can truly make something great, and not just your everyday tv show, that everyone has seen before.It's not like HBO is against morally grey characters, True Blood, Boardwalk Empire, shows like that have plenty of them. That's why I think it's the writers getting to comfortable, and not HBO stopping the greying of characters.
2335	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-23	In the same boat of people saying they really softened and simplified the characters. A shame on the writers, who decided not to give the audience any credit. This is the same network who had very rich characters in Al and his Gem Saloon, Tony Soprano, Avon Barksdale, etc. You can love and hate a character at the same time, and still feel engaged in the story. It's just so strange that one of the most deep fantasy series in ASOIAF is getting the stupid treatment, and from HBO no less.I agree with you on some levels, that some of the characters have been simplified in the TV series (We get it...Littlefinger is a pimp.  Give him a feathered hat and a cane and be done with it.)  However, I think some of the TV versions of Martin's characters are more multi-faceted than their book counterparts.  Two that come to mind areCersei - The scene with Robert in season 1 where the king and queen are discussing their sham of a marriage showed a vulnerable and pitiful side to Cersei.  She once admired, wanted, and maybe even loved Robert on some level, but there was never a chance because he never truly moved on after Lyanna's death.  I almost got the feeling that, if Robert had any shred of love for her, that maybe events in KL would have unfolded quite differently.   Also, the scene where Cersei shares the story of her miscarriage with Catelyn humanized her a little.  I never got that impression of Cersei in the books; there, she's just a conniving bitch with no redeeming qualities...well, maybe her cheekbones.Viserys - I felt the weight of his burden (being the last surviving male Targaryen, having the entire dynasty on his shoulders, getting Rodney Dangerfield levels of no respect) far more in the TV series than in the first book, I think mainly due to Harry Lloyd's acting, which was superb.  While that doesn't justify or excuse his repulsive attitude and threats toward his sister, it does at least explain the reasoning behind them.  A villain is far more interesting when you understand his/her motives to some degree, even if you disagree with them.I find Theon Greyjoy and Tywin Lannister to be every bit as flawed and complex in the series as they are on screen, even if they are portrayed in somewhat of a more sympathetic light.However, I'm with you on some of the other characters.  I actually enjoyed Jon Snow's character development in Season One, but find him to be pretty dull and flat in Season 2.  He's far too brooding and sullen so far this season, which makes him very one-dimensional and boring.
2336	Shitmouth the Wise	2012-05-23	I've been thinking that Tyrion will not kill Shae on the show.  If he does it'll be by accident or by her own doing...She'll somehow be a casualty in the confrontation between Tyrion and Tywin.
2337	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-23	I've been thinking that Tyrion will not kill Shae on the show. If he does it'll be by accident or by her own doing...She'll somehow be a casualty in the confrontation between Tyrion and Tywin.I hope you're wrong on this, but fear you might not be.  If you are right, then the title of this thread is very appropriate.
2338	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-23	I've been thinking that Tyrion will not kill Shae on the show. If he does it'll be by accident or by her own doing...She'll somehow be a casualty in the confrontation between Tyrion and Tywin.In this season of Mad Men, 
	Spoiler Don Draper strangles a former lover to death, then shoves her under his bed. It horrified audiences until...dun dun dun! It was only a dream sequence. 
Even Don Draper, notorious misogynist that he is, doesn't go as far as Tyrion. I think him killing Shae in such a gruesome manner, by his own hands, will be absolutely shocking...they have to do it.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 23 May 2012 - 10:21 PM.
2339	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-23	Tyrion is a strange case. On one hand, both he and Cersei are not connected to some of the "bad" acts they did in the books to make Joff look like a comic book villain. In addition, I always got the sense that Tyrion in the books was just using Shae for sex, GRRM never sold me on that relationship. Basically he'd just visit her for sex then leave. He's the "main character" now so they are writing him accordingly.
On the other Tyrion has not been shown to actually do much of anything to slow down the war. I forget if they mentioned the chain or not, but if they leave it out then they left out one of his better ideas. He's basically doing a whole lot of sitting around and complaining. Figuring out how to spy on his sister and threatening her is all well and good, but there's a war coming....do something.
					
					
							Edited by Eggplant Wizard, 23 May 2012 - 10:40 PM.
2340	Rapsie	2012-05-24	It also makes me wonder how they are going to portray him in the Tyrion/Sansa marriage.  I hope they don't make Sansa look like a bitch.Given that they have taken the heart and soul out of Sansa's character and character development this season and made Tyrion in to a completely good guy, the chance of HBO not portraying the marriage with Tyrion as the victim and Sansa as the bitch who doesn't see how uber lucky she is to be forced into a marriage against her will is fairly low.Which is very sad as forced marriage affects many women in the world today and like Sansa thousands of them go along with it because they have no other choice due to cultural expectations or violent repercussions.
2341	Castel	2012-05-24	Given that they have taken the heart and soul out of Sansa's character and character development this season and made Tyrion in to a completely good guy, the chance of HBO not portraying the marriage with Tyrion as the victim and Sansa as the bitch who doesn't see how uber lucky she is to be forced into a marriage against her will is fairly low. Which is very sad as forced marriage affects many women in the world today and like Sansa thousands of them go along with it because they have no other choice due to cultural expectations or violent repercussions.I doubt it, they could just as easily play it the way it was played in the books, with both of them being very uncomfortable with it, that seems far more likely than victim-blaming Sansa for something that any modern audience would cringe at. They can keep Tyrion as the good guy and Sansa as the not-bitch, it's not that hard.I can't see any reason for not going this route.
2342	Castel	2012-05-24	Yeah but you would think HBO would be loving all the grey in the characters, that's what makes the books so good, and that's what really gets people addicted to them. I think the writers are just taking the craven-ly way out. They took risks in doing a fantasy show, they took risks with casting some people with very little experience, and now that all their risks have paid off, they are to worried to lose viewers to truly risk making things as gritty as they are in the books. They are trying to cater to the average viewers way to much this season. If they stuck more to the books, as far as grey characters go, sure then the show might not be for everyone, but the people that did like it would love it, and they would be dedicated fans from then on out, just like with the books. The books aren't for everyone, but for the people that do like them, they are completely hooked. I just wish the show would find their balls again, and take some risks, that way they can truly make something great, and not just your everyday tv show, that everyone has seen before. It's not like HBO is against morally grey characters, True Blood, Boardwalk Empire, shows like that have plenty of them. That's why I think it's the writers getting to comfortable, and not HBO stopping the greying of characters.This, I honestly don't get the way they're taking morally questionable decisions and changing them to be nicer. This is from the network that did the Sopranos, a show full of despicable people, they should be totally at home with the original work.
2343	Ghost714	2012-05-24	This, I honestly don't get the way they're taking morally questionable decisions and changing them to be nicer. This is from the network that did the Sopranos, a show full of despicable people, they should be totally at home with the original work.Exactly, that's why I don't think it's HBO causing the changes, it's the damn writers and stuff, they are trying to hard to make the show appeal to the "average" person.
2344	DurararaFTW	2012-05-24	I disagree, I think Tyrion could have successfully convinced both his father and the queen that Lancel would be a good choice for her. It'd still give a Lannister claim to Winterfell, after all. Also, Tyrion brings up Lancel and asks if he's well enough to wed earlier than that, shortly before they tell Tyrion he's to marry Sansa, so the notion is already planted. Perhaps his claim was more bravado than common sense, but I think his offer was genuine. No, Sansa didn't want Lancel either, but it was not unreasonable to expect her to slightly prefer Lancel to Tyrion.Tyrion can't convince Tywin on anything. Tywin is the one that brought up Lancel with Kevan, who advised against it and as we have been told in every council with Tywin and Kevan, those two always script out their conversations and decide what they are actually gonna do before hand. It had all been decided long before Tyrion, Cersei, the Tyrells or anyone could get a word, as always. And they weren't lying, Lancel was not up to bedding her, thus making him useless.
2345	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Exactly, that's why I don't think it's HBO causing the changes, it's the damn writers and stuff, they are trying to hard to make the show appeal to the "average" person.which in my mind is the exact wrong decision to make.  the attraction is that the grayness of the characters plus the political intrigue make this typically young male genre have a wider appeal
2346	Kittykatknits	2012-05-24	Given that they have taken the heart and soul out of Sansa's character and character development this season and made Tyrion in to a completely good guy, the chance of HBO not portraying the marriage with Tyrion as the victim and Sansa as the bitch who doesn't see how uber lucky she is to be forced into a marriage against her will is fairly low.Which is very sad as forced marriage affects many women in the world today and like Sansa thousands of them go along with it because they have no other choice due to cultural expectations or violent repercussions.This is my fear as well. I had a huge feeling of doom when they took that scene of Sansa being beaten and turned it in to Tyrion charging in to play the hero and save her. My current guess is that he'll end up doing it in order to protect her somehow and she'll be ungrateful to him because she's to stupid to understand it.I'm really curious why D&D feel the need to whitewash Tyrion so much. I find him much more fascinating as a grey character. He is capable of great kindness while also sharing his father's ruthlessness. I'd love to see some of that on the screen. Peter Dinklage is doing some great acting but I'm finding that Tyrion on the screen is rather boring.
2347	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-24	I think the writers are just taking the craven-ly way out.(We get it...Littlefinger is a pimp. Give him a feathered hat and a cane and be done with it.) /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />I've been thinking that Tyrion will not kill Shae on the show. If he does it'll be by accident or by her own doing...She'll somehow be a casualty in the confrontation between Tyrion and Tywin.Geez I hope you're wrong.I can't see any reason for not going this route.Unfortunately, I would have said the same for a multitude of plotlines until the season rolled out.
2348	Pellaeon	2012-05-24	This is my fear as well. I had a huge feeling of doom when they took that scene of Sansa being beaten and turned it in to Tyrion charging in to play the hero and save her. My current guess is that he'll end up doing it in order to protect her somehow and she'll be ungrateful to him because she's to stupid to understand it.I think the marriage will be shown as a relationship of two victims, Tyrion victim of Tywin ans Sansa victim of Cersei Joffrey
2349	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	This is my fear as well. I had a huge feeling of doom when they took that scene of Sansa being beaten and turned it in to Tyrion charging in to play the hero and save her. My current guess is that he'll end up doing it in order to protect her somehow and she'll be ungrateful to him because she's to stupid to understand it.I'm really curious why D&D feel the need to whitewash Tyrion so much. I find him much more fascinating as a grey character. He is capable of great kindness while also sharing his father's ruthlessness. I'd love to see some of that on the screen. Peter Dinklage is doing some great acting but I'm finding that Tyrion on the screen is rather boring.exactly, I think Tyrion showed that much more season 1 where his acting and characterization were outstanding.  He flourished with the depth of the character.  As good as PD has been, there has been something slightly off this season, perhaps it is the 1 dimensional nature they have pushed his character giving him less room to move in
2350	notakneeler	2012-05-24	Ser Mixalot- I am sure you are right about pouring the wildfire into the sewers as D&D's bright solution to defeating Stannis.
Chains across rivers are a historical battle tactic- there was actually a chain strung across the Bosphorus! (The Turks won despite the chain.) Imagine the nice visual of men heaving on a winch and the chain slowly emerging from the water. But NOOOOOOO- not good enough for D&D. They are smarter than that. They would rather turn the sewers under King's Landing into pipe bombs. If wildfire is viscous enough to float on the waters of the Blackwater, it i viscous enough to leave a coating on the walls of the sewers and cisterns. A little methane in the sewers, a little spark, and boom goes the city.
2351	Kittykatknits	2012-05-24	I think the marriage will be shown as a relationship of two victims, Tyrion victim of Tywin ans Sansa victim of Cersei JoffreyYou may be right but it would still be inaccurate. The only one who was a victim was Sansa.
2352	Pellaeon	2012-05-24	You may be right but it would still be inaccurate. The only one who was a victim was Sansa.Maybe GRRM told D&amp;D how it will end and they want the marriage to be like this, so they can continue it in season 7 or 8, so they have something like a "white knight" moment with Sansa and Tyrion, for the non bookreaders
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 24 May 2012 - 09:31 AM.
2353	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	this thread is really grinding my gears
2354	notakneeler	2012-05-24	I'm afraid HBO Sansa will be the bitch and HBO Tyrion the poor unappreciated dwarf. Even though they have also been whitewashing Cersei- they took Tyrion's threat to do to Tommen what is done to Alayaya and gave it to Cersei! D&D can't give Tyrion even a ruthless THREAT, much less a ruthless action.
2355	Kittykatknits	2012-05-24	I'm afraid HBO Sansa will be the bitch and HBO Tyrion the poor unappreciated dwarf. Even though they have also been whitewashing Cersei- they took Tyrion's threat to do to Tommen what is done to Alayaya and gave it to Cersei! D&amp;D can't give Tyrion even a ruthless THREAT, much less a ruthless action.I'm already out of likes for the day but still wanted to tell you I liked your post.
					
					
							Edited by Kittykatknits, 24 May 2012 - 02:03 PM.
2356	madman2711	2012-05-24	Probably tyrion will kill tywin in self defense and shae will comit suicide 
Tyrion than goes around essos as the "Fugitive" closely followed by a tommy lee jones
2357	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Ser Mixalot- I am sure you are right about pouring the wildfire into the sewers as D&D's bright solution to defeating Stannis.Chains across rivers are a historical battle tactic- there was actually a chain strung across the Bosphorus! (The Turks won despite the chain.) Imagine the nice visual of men heaving on a winch and the chain slowly emerging from the water. But NOOOOOOO- not good enough for D&D. They are smarter than that. They would rather turn the sewers under King's Landing into pipe bombs. If wildfire is viscous enough to float on the waters of the Blackwater, it i viscous enough to leave a coating on the walls of the sewers and cisterns. A little methane in the sewers, a little spark, and boom goes the city.I hadnt thought bout that, they will probably float the wildfire out in barrels.  I trust that D&D can make it work. You have to remember that this is going to be a VERY expensive episode for television, so I am ok with significant changes to the story because it is action and not really character development so if they get the jist of the story correct I am fine with that.
2358	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Probably tyrion will kill tywin in self defense and shae will comit suicide Tyrion than goes around essos as the "Fugitive" closely followed by a tommy lee jonesnonsense, Tywin will fire a crossbow at a puppy, tyrion will dive and knock the puppy out of the way causing the crossbow bolt to ricochet and hit Tywin. Shae will develop cancer and Tyrion will spend most of season 4 by her bedsideit is known.
2359	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	this thread is really grinding my gearswhy?  People are expressing their opinions?
2360	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-24	He just seems a tad cheerier than book Tyrion, and I can still imagine him doing some of those things behind the scenes.  The screenwriters can't include everything.  I see it as, he's developing at a different pace.
Right now he's enjoying his position as hand and messing with Cercei.  He is still pretty sketchy for the way he's threatened Lancel, keeping people like Bron and the Mountain barberians around. 
I think his dark side will show more when Tywin shows up, because so much of Tyrion's demons stem from his daddy issues.  We will almost certainly be reminded again of the Tysha incident, possibly in more detail.
2361	Kittykatknits	2012-05-24	nonsense, Tywin will fire a crossbow at a puppy, tyrion will dive and knock the puppy out of the way causing the crossbow bolt to ricochet and hit Tywin. Shae will develop cancer and Tyrion will spend most of season 4 by her bedside it is known.This seems very plausible. Do you think it will occur before or after he runs in to a burning orphanage to save all the children?
2362	Pellaeon	2012-05-24	This seems very plausible. Do you think it will occur before or after he runs in to a burning orphanage to save all the children?orphanage, please be serious it will be a whorehouse
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 24 May 2012 - 02:22 PM.
2363	Kittykatknits	2012-05-24	orphanage, please be serious it's will be a whorehouseOh, good point. Although, to make it really dramatic he should probably save both. Probably coming running out of the whorehouse holding Ros. That'd make it epic.
2364	mcb	2012-05-24	This seems very plausible. Do you think it will occur before or after he runs in to a burning orphanage to save all the children?Come on. The book itself was already full of over-the-top Tyrion heroism. Like him leading a sortie (a dwarf with no combat experience, yet he saved the day when no one else in KL was badass enough and/or brave enough). So even if in the show he does something ludicrously brave, it will be fully within the spirit of the novel.
2365	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	why? People are expressing their opinions?Of course not fool...I detest that HBO is making many characters more vanilla.  Tyrion is such a scumbag, so smart, so lucky, so honest, so selfish, and so tormented and that's why I enjoy reading about him.  On the show, he's a loveable little person.  I hate that.
2366	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-24	It's all relative.  Book Tyrion is lovable too, compared to others.
2367	Ghost714	2012-05-24	I hated how in this episode, when Tyrion said "Cersei this is madness, Stannis will be here any day now, you need me", and Cersei said "for what your prowess in battle", Tyrion said nothing. Why are they making Tyrion seem so useless? In the book, Tyrion had Bronn hire Sellswords, so when Cersei said that, Tyrion said his Sellswords would never fight without him. They never talked about Bronn hiring Sellswords in the show, but Tyrion could have said Bronn's Goldcloaks will never fight without me, or something like that. They have shown none of Tyrion's ingenuity to save Kings Landing, and then they have him reading books the day before, like he just now remembered to try and come up with a plan.... It's so dumb.
2368	Wouter	2012-05-24	I disagree, I think Tyrion could have successfully convinced both his father and the queen that Lancel would be a good choice for her. It'd still give a Lannister claim to Winterfell, after all. Also, Tyrion brings up Lancel and asks if he's well enough to wed earlier than that, shortly before they tell Tyrion he's to marry Sansa, so the notion is already planted. Perhaps his claim was more bravado than common sense, but I think his offer was genuine. No, Sansa didn't want Lancel either, but it was not unreasonable to expect her to slightly prefer Lancel to Tyrion.This is what Kevan told Tywin about Lancel's health (speaking in front of Tyrion, to convince him to go along):â<U+0080><U+009C>If you will not have the girl, we shall give her to one of your cousins,â<U+0080><U+009D> said his father.â<U+0080><U+009C>Kevan, is Lancel strong enough to wed, do you think?â<U+0080><U+009D>  Ser Kevan hesitated. â<U+0080><U+009C>If we bring the girl to his bedside, he could say the words... but toconsummate, no... I would suggest one of the twins, but the Starks hold them both at Riverrun.They have Gennaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s boy Tion as well, else he might serve.â<U+0080><U+009D>If Kevan can be believed, the ceremony would have to take place at Lancel's bedside...And this is how Tywin ends that particular conversation:â<U+0080><U+009C>You will marry Sansa Stark, Tyrion. And soon.â<U+0080><U+009D>This is the last Tyrion POV before the marriage, so AFAIK he didn't get other info on Lancel's health but what Kevan had told him.Tyrion makes his offer after Cersei and Joffrey have already said the following to Sansa:â<U+0080><U+009C>Yes. You are a ward of the crown. The king stands in your fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place, since your brother isan attainted traitor. That means he has every right to dispose of your hand. You are to marry mybrother Tyrion.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I understand your reluctance. Cry if you must. In your place, I would likely rip my hair out.Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a loathsome little imp, no doubt of it, but marry him you shall.â<U+0080><U+009D>  â<U+0080><U+009C>You canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make me.â<U+0080><U+009D>  â<U+0080><U+009C>Of course we can. You may come along quietly and say your vows as befits a lady, or youmay struggle and scream and make a spectacle for the stableboys to titter over, but you will endup wedded and bedded all the same.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I am. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m your father, and I can marry you to whoever I like. To anyone.Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll marry the pig boy if I say so, and bed down with him in the sty.â<U+0080><U+009D>Only after Joffrey said the last line, did Tyrion make his offer. This is Sansa's answer:â<U+0080><U+009C>I am a ward of the throne and my duty is to marry as the king commands.â<U+0080><U+009D>Sansa merely says she is obeying the commands that Cersei and Joffrey have just given her.On the marriage altar, the guests are already waiting. No doubt, they have been told that they will witness the marriage of Tyrion, the Lannisters can hardly call it off at the last minute or say that the bridegroom has suddenly changed and they will have to go to Lancel's room instead. If Tyrion would truly have attempted to go for Lancel, his father would have intervened right away, I think. Don't forget that Tywin needs this marriage now, to forestall a Tyrell-Stark alliance. If he cannot get Sansa married, he won't hesitate to have her suffer a tragic accident that very night, IMO.This is what Sansa thinks when she refuses to kneel for Tyrion:Why should I spare his feelings, when no one cares about mine?Going by this, Sansa does not consider Tyrion has been sparing her feelings (despite her polite words about him being kind), and if so I agree with her. Tyrion was way late with his attempt to talk Sansa into it; she was already forced into a marriage she didn't want, with brute measures. Tyrion chose to stick with his family and thus, "for reasons of state", not tell her until she was literally on her way to the altar. He ambushed her as much as the other Lannisters did.
					
					
							Edited by Wouter, 24 May 2012 - 03:49 PM.
2369	Ghost714	2012-05-24	Come on. The book itself was already full of over-the-top Tyrion heroism. Like him leading a sortie (a dwarf with no combat experience, yet he saved the day when no one else in KL was badass enough and/or brave enough). So even if in the show he does something ludicrously brave, it will be fully within the spirit of the novel.Tyrion has read a lot of books, and Jaime has talked to him about battle every since Jaime was old enough to be in them, remember when Tyrion thinks about Jaime explaining the battle high, and then Tyrion gets it while fighting. Tyrion has also been around his father, and a master-at-arms his whole life. So it's not crazy that he lead a group of men out of the city gate on horseback, to go attack the enemy. All they did was charge at who ever they could find, but your right that's stupid, Tyrion would never know how to do that....And that wasn't Tyrion's first battle, are you forgetting the Battle at The Green Fork? Also, Tyrion had to help fight their way to the Eyrie, so he did have some experience, when you actually think about it.
2370	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-24	I admit that 20% of the hate I have for BookTyrion comes from the fact that he's author's pet. He's the show's pet too, but  I can't replicate the same hatred of him in the show. Probably because he seems less self-absorbed and more genuinely  charismatic (ShowTyrion doesn't seem to be putting on an act, he's just being his natural, charming self).
2371	Wouter	2012-05-24	Maybe GRRM told D&amp;D how it will end and they want the marriage to be like this, so they can continue it in season 7 or 8, so they have something like a "white knight" moment with Sansa and Tyrion, for the non bookreadersThat's a possibility. If GRRM is planning to revisit the Sansa-Tyrion marriage in a later book, in another context where presumably Sansa may not be able to get out of it in the end, then the show will likely want to soften things to avoid what would be seen as a rather dark ending for Sansa. If Tyrion ends up as one of the big winners in the end, I can see the show wanting to portray him that bit more sympathetically.I don't think the show will portray Sansa as being "ungrateful" or "bitchy" about the marriage though, the context of the marriage will likely be maintained (I doubt they would have Tyrion warn Sansa beforehand on the show, for example, as that change should have a rippling effect on the plot). Maybe they would have Tyrion stop short of telling Sansa to undress, that would soften him without making Sansa look bad. Or maybe they will even do it very close to the way it happened in the books - they can still soften other things about Tyrion without going overboard. While show Sansa is more naive in S2 than book Sansa was, HBO haven't gone out of their way to portray her less positive than ACOK did.In any case, Tyrion killing Tywin was more than justified for me, even the way it was in the books (it was actually self-defense in addition to justice, in my view).
2372	Ghost714	2012-05-24	That's a possibility. If GRRM is planning to revisit the Sansa-Tyrion marriage in a later book, in another context where presumably Sansa may not be able to get out of it in the end, then the show will likely want to soften things to avoid what would be seen as a rather dark ending for Sansa. If Tyrion ends up as one of the big winners in the end, I can see the show wanting to portray him that bit more sympathetically.I don't think the show will portray Sansa as being "ungrateful" or "bitchy" about the marriage though, the context of the marriage will likely be maintained (I doubt they would have Tyrion warn Sansa beforehand on the show, for example, as that change should have a rippling effect on the plot). Maybe they would have Tyrion stop short of telling Sansa to undress, that would soften him without making Sansa look bad. Or maybe they will even do it very close to the way it happened in the books - they can still soften other things about Tyrion without going overboard. While show Sansa is more naive in S2 than book Sansa was, HBO haven't gone out of their way to portray her less positive than ACOK did.In any case, Tyrion killing Tywin was more than justified for me, even the way it was in the books (it was actually self-defense in addition to justice, in my view).Tyrion killing Tywin and Shae was justice in my view.....
2373	mcb	2012-05-24	Tyrion has read a lot of books, and Jaime has talked to him about battle every since Jaime was old enough to be in them, remember when Tyrion thinks about Jaime explaining the battle high, and then Tyrion gets it while fighting. Tyrion has also been around his father, and a master-at-arms his whole life. So it's not crazy that he lead a group of men out of the city gate on horseback, to go attack the enemy. All they did was charge at who ever they could find, but your right that's stupid, Tyrion would never know how to do that....And that wasn't Tyrion's first battle, are you forgetting the Battle at The Green Fork? Also, Tyrion had to help fight their way to the Eyrie, so he did have some experience, when you actually think about it.Yet I still find it implausible that while he was so green, he did so well. And it's especially unnerving that during King's Landing's siege, Tyrion was the bravest of them all. He led the sortie because everyone else was too scared. A veritable Marty Stu he was at this point of the series.So if that wasn't out of character for Tyrion, saving a puppy and an orphan from a burning whorehouse won't be, either.
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 24 May 2012 - 05:42 PM.
2374	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Of course not fool... I detest that HBO is making many characters more vanilla. Tyrion is such a scumbag, so smart, so lucky, so honest, so selfish, and so tormented and that's why I enjoy reading about him. On the show, he's a loveable little person. I hate that.ummm ok, i was just asking a question, no need to get your panties in an uproar
2375	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Oh, good point. Although, to make it really dramatic he should probably save both. Probably coming running out of the whorehouse holding Ros. That'd make it epic.nonsense Tyrion will save burning orphan whore-puppies, named Ros.It is known
2376	Ghost714	2012-05-24	Yet I still find it implausible that while he was so green, he did so well. And it's especially unnerving that during King's Landing's siege, Tyrion was the bravest of them all. He led the sortie because everyone else was too scared. A veritable Marty Stu he was at this point of the series.So if that wasn't out of character for Tyrion, saving a puppy an orphan from a burning whorehouse won't be, either.Tyrion did not do it in any act of valor, he did it because he had to. He shamed other people into following him. The reason why nobody else would lead the sortie is because they had already been out there, they knew what it was like, Tyrion did not. So he was not the only one "brave enough" to go out there, he was just the only one willing to go, because he hadn't been before. Also, Tyrion was fighting on horseback, against men on foot, that's a huge advantage, his horse saved his ass a few times. Other times it was the men with him, and Podrick Payne that saved his ass, yet your trying to make it sound like he was Jaime freaking Lannister out there.
2377	mcb	2012-05-24	Tyrion did not do it in any act of valor, he did it because he had to. He shamed other people into following him. The reason why nobody else would lead the sortie is because they had already been out there, they knew what it was like, Tyrion did not. So he was not the only one "brave enough" to go out there, he was just the only one willing to go, because he hadn't been before.And suddenly Tyrion's brave leadership helped them find their courage again. Also, Tyrion was fighting on horseback, against men on foot, that's a huge advantage, his horse saved his ass a few times. Other times it was the men with him, and Podrick Payne that saved his ass, yet your trying to make it sound like he was Jaime freaking Lannister out there.Well, we simply must agree to disagree here, because my impression was exactly "he looks as if he was Jaime freaking Lannister".
2378	teemo	2012-05-24	Is it really a possibility that the writers are making adjustments based on things they know happen in the future to characters but we don't?  I guess it depends on how much GRRM decided to let them in on.  Very weird thought that one day we could be pointing out the foreshadowing of future books in past television episodes.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 May 2012 - 06:44 PM.
2379	mcb	2012-05-24	Is it really a possibility that the writers are making adjustments based on things they know happen in the future to characters but we don't?  I guess it depends on how much GRRM decided to let them in on.  Very weird thought that one day we could be pointing out the foreshadowing of future books in past television episodes.I think they consult major changes with GRRM, and he vetoes those that would fubar the plot in the future.
2380	Ghost714	2012-05-25	I think they consult major changes with GRRM, and he vetoes those that would fubar the plot in the future.Yeah but if they ultimately want to make some big dumb change, GRRM unfortunately can't stop them, and he many times has cautioned them with the "butterfly effect", and he has pointed out a few major things they have done already, just from the first season. So I can only imagine what he will say and think about the second season.
2381	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-25	GRRM, who says Tyrion is his favorite, is writing the Blackwater episode... do you really think Tyrion will not get his due?
2382	Kittykatknits	2012-05-25	This is what Kevan told Tywin about Lancel's health (speaking in front of Tyrion, to convince him to go along): If Kevan can be believed, the ceremony would have to take place at Lancel's bedside... And this is how Tywin ends that particular conversation: This is the last Tyrion POV before the marriage, so AFAIK he didn't get other info on Lancel's health but what Kevan had told him. Tyrion makes his offer after Cersei and Joffrey have already said the following to Sansa: Only after Joffrey said the last line, did Tyrion make his offer. This is Sansa's answer: Sansa merely says she is obeying the commands that Cersei and Joffrey have just given her. On the marriage altar, the guests are already waiting. No doubt, they have been told that they will witness the marriage of Tyrion, the Lannisters can hardly call it off at the last minute or say that the bridegroom has suddenly changed and they will have to go to Lancel's room instead. If Tyrion would truly have attempted to go for Lancel, his father would have intervened right away, I think. Don't forget that Tywin needs this marriage now, to forestall a Tyrell-Stark alliance. If he cannot get Sansa married, he won't hesitate to have her suffer a tragic accident that very night, IMO. This is what Sansa thinks when she refuses to kneel for Tyrion: Going by this, Sansa does not consider Tyrion has been sparing her feelings (despite her polite words about him being kind), and if so I agree with her. Tyrion was way late with his attempt to talk Sansa into it; she was already forced into a marriage she didn't want, with brute measures. Tyrion chose to stick with his family and thus, "for reasons of state", not tell her until she was literally on her way to the altar. He ambushed her as much as the other Lannisters did.I /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />WRT to Tyrion's conversation with his father, it's pretty clear that Tywin is manipulating Tyrion rather than forcing him. He'd get Winterfell and the hot girl, a couple of tempting prizes for a man who wants a lordship and home of his own. He has a reputation as well so his father would belive that Tyrion would have no problem forcing himself on Sansa. It worked too, Tyrion had a "queer feeling in his stomach" and thought of "pretty, sweet smelling Sansa Stark".
2383	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	I think they consult major changes with GRRM, and he vetoes those that would fubar the plot in the future.GRRM doesn't have veto power at all. For example, Mago : 
	Spoiler "GRRM told the producers that Mago would have a larger role later on but they proceeded with killing him off."

					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 25 May 2012 - 09:32 AM.
2384	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	ummm ok, i was just asking a question, no need to get your panties in an uproarI thought it was a rude question.  It's not like I go around chastising people for having opinions.
2385	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	I admit that 20% of the hate I have for BookTyrion comes from the fact that he's author's pet. He's the show's pet too, but I can't replicate the same hatred of him in the show. Probably because he seems less self-absorbed and more genuinely charismatic (ShowTyrion doesn't seem to be putting on an act, he's just being his natural, charming self).change that to 50% and I'm right with you.
2386	mcb	2012-05-25	GRRM doesn't have veto power at all. For example, Mago : 
	Spoiler "GRRM told the producers that Mago would have a larger role later on but they proceeded with killing him off."
And I bet it's fixable simply by having someone else playing the part that he was supposed to play. It's not like the Dothraki warriors had their own distinctive personalities, anyway.
2387	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	And I bet it's fixable simply by having someone else playing the part that he was supposed to play. It's not like the Dothraki warriors had their own distinctive personalities, anyway.It still shows quite clearly that D&D can go against GRRM's wishes if they want to, so no veto power. They could put aliens in the show and GRRM wouldn't be able to stop them from doing it.
2388	mcb	2012-05-25	It still shows quite clearly that D&amp;D can go against GRRM's wishes if they want to, so no veto power. They could put aliens in the show and GRRM wouldn't be able to stop them from doing it.I didn't claim that GRRM could veto anything and everything at his whim, simply that "he vetoes those changes that would fubar the plot in the future". There's a difference between changing a third plan character and changing the entire premise of the show. They'd certainly would write off Rickon the Pointless if only they could, for example.
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 25 May 2012 - 11:26 AM.
2389	Ghost714	2012-05-25	I didn't claim that GRRM could veto anything and everything at his whim, simply that "he vetoes those changes that would fubar the plot in the future". There's a difference between changing a third plan character and changing the entire premise of the show. They'd certainly would write off Rickon the Pointless if only they could, for example.I don't know... In interviews GRRM has made it clear that he did his best to warn them about some of their changes because of the massive "butterfly effect" to the future story, and yet the "all knowing" D&D went ahead with their changes. So I would not put it past them one bit, to make huge plot altering changes, if they have not done so already, which is highly possible. But with the Dothraki change of Mago getting killed, what was the damn point? GRRM told them he came back into the story, and yet they did it any way. Why couldn't they just pick a different Dothraki??? Why did they HAVE TO kill the one Dothraki GRRM said not to? It's pointless, they are just making dumb ass changes for change sake, and it's ridiculous.And with the singer Marillion, there's the whole part about him being in the Eyrie when Sansa goes there, and Littlefinger puts the blame on him for Lysa's death, yet the show has him leave the Eyrie, and he ends up getting his freaking tongue cut out by Joffrey. Why? Why freaking change that? They could have given the part to some random singer, like in the book, but no. Now they are going to have to hire some random singer for the rest of Marillion's role. Unless they change that all together, which would be pretty dumb. They are just making changes for no reason, and that's what pisses people off, especially because when GRRM agreed to let them do the show, he said it was his wish that they stay as true to the books as possible. When he said "as possible", that means only change something when you have to, not just for change sake. What's worse is that D&D made it seem like they would stick to the books as best as possible, and that's why GRRM let them do it. They also said they are huge fans of the books, so I bet GRRM thought that would help them stay true to the books. Yet now they are just having a hay day with all the unnecessary changes. For the record, I am not talking about changes made for budget reasons, or time reasons etc.. They have made a score of changes that have absolutely no point, other than just being different. In my opinion, GRRM made a big mistake not having any power over the show. If he told them to run with it, and do what ever they wanted, that would be a different matter. Thats not the case though, when he agreed to let them do it, he said it was his wish for them to stay as true to the books as possible. When it comes to an adaptation, I think the same way as GRRM, if you can't stick to the source material, then make up your own story, you don't just take parts of the books, and then add in what you want, that's not an adaptation.
2390	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	I don't know... In interviews GRRM has made it clear that he did his best to warn them about some of their changes because of the massive "butterfly effect" to the future story, and yet the "all knowing" D&D went ahead with their changes. So I would not put it past them one bit, to make huge plot altering changes, if they have not done so already, which is highly possible. But with the Dothraki change of Mago getting killed, what was the damn point? GRRM told them he came back into the story, and yet they did it any way. Why couldn't they just pick a different Dothraki??? Why did they HAVE TO kill the one Dothraki GRRM said not to? It's pointless, they are just making dumb ass changes for change sake, and it's ridiculous. And with the singer Marillion, there's the whole part about him being in the Eyrie when Sansa goes there, and Littlefinger puts the blame on him for Lysa's death, yet the show has him leave the Eyrie, and he ends up getting his freaking tongue cut out by Joffrey. Why? Why freaking change that? They could have given the part to some random singer, like in the book, but no. Now they are going to have to hire some random singer for the rest of Marillion's role. Unless they change that all together, which would be pretty dumb. They are just making changes for no reason, and that's what pisses people off, especially because when GRRM agreed to let them do the show, he said it was his wish that they stay as true to the books as possible. When he said "as possible", that means only change something when you have to, not just for change sake. What's worse is that D&D made it seem like they would stick to the books as best as possible, and that's why GRRM let them do it. They also said they are huge fans of the books, so I bet GRRM thought that would help them stay true to the books. Yet now they are just having a hay day with all the unnecessary changes. For the record, I am not talking about changes made for budget reasons, or time reasons etc.. They have made a score of changes that have absolutely no point, other than just being different. In my opinion, GRRM made a big mistake not having any power over the show. If he told them to run with it, and do what ever they wanted, that would be a different matter. Thats not the case though, when he agreed to let them do it, he said it was his wish for them to stay as true to the books as possible. When it comes to an adaptation, I think the same way as GRRM, if you can't stick to the source material, then make up your own story, you don't just take parts of the books, and then add in what you want, that's not an adaptation. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2391	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	They could put aliens in the show and GRRM wouldn't be able to stop them from doing it.shhh dont give D&D any ideas!
2392	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	I don't know... In interviews GRRM has made it clear that he did his best to warn them about some of their changes because of the massive "butterfly effect" to the future story, and yet the "all knowing" D&D went ahead with their changes. So I would not put it past them one bit, to make huge plot altering changes, if they have not done so already, which is highly possible. But with the Dothraki change of Mago getting killed, what was the damn point? GRRM told them he came back into the story, and yet they did it any way. Why couldn't they just pick a different Dothraki??? Why did they HAVE TO kill the one Dothraki GRRM said not to? It's pointless, they are just making dumb ass changes for change sake, and it's ridiculous. And with the singer Marillion, there's the whole part about him being in the Eyrie when Sansa goes there, and Littlefinger puts the blame on him for Lysa's death, yet the show has him leave the Eyrie, and he ends up getting his freaking tongue cut out by Joffrey. Why? Why freaking change that? They could have given the part to some random singer, like in the book, but no. Now they are going to have to hire some random singer for the rest of Marillion's role. Unless they change that all together, which would be pretty dumb. They are just making changes for no reason, and that's what pisses people off, especially because when GRRM agreed to let them do the show, he said it was his wish that they stay as true to the books as possible. When he said "as possible", that means only change something when you have to, not just for change sake. What's worse is that D&D made it seem like they would stick to the books as best as possible, and that's why GRRM let them do it. They also said they are huge fans of the books, so I bet GRRM thought that would help them stay true to the books. Yet now they are just having a hay day with all the unnecessary changes. For the record, I am not talking about changes made for budget reasons, or time reasons etc.. They have made a score of changes that have absolutely no point, other than just being different. In my opinion, GRRM made a big mistake not having any power over the show. If he told them to run with it, and do what ever they wanted, that would be a different matter. Thats not the case though, when he agreed to let them do it, he said it was his wish for them to stay as true to the books as possible. When it comes to an adaptation, I think the same way as GRRM, if you can't stick to the source material, then make up your own story, you don't just take parts of the books, and then add in what you want, that's not an adaptation.preach on brother
2393	David Selig	2012-05-25	In my opinion, GRRM made a big mistake not having any power over the show. If he told them to run with it, and do what ever they wanted, that would be a different matter. Thats not the case though, when he agreed to let them do it, he said it was his wish for them to stay as true to the books as possible. When it comes to an adaptation, I think the same way as GRRM, if you can't stick to the source material, then make up your own story, you don't just take parts of the books, and then add in what you want, that's not an adaptation. Then the show wouldn't have been made, because this kind of power (to veto changes they don't like) is just not given to the writers of books which gets adapted for TV or cinema, except in some really special cases. It's just not done.
2394	Wouter	2012-05-25	IIRC it has been mentioned or hinted in interviews somewhere that the showrunners did talk with GRRM about future material; they may not know the entire plot or everything about the ending but I think they do know quite a bit more than us. They have to know enough to be aware what kind of adjustments they will have to make by killing off a character or by slightly (or not-so-slightly, like in Qarth) changing a plot point from the books.
In Mago's case, I suspect he is interchangeable with the others who left Drogo's khalasar and turned on Dany; just like Dany's bloodriders are pretty much interchangeable.
In Marillion's case, the reason they had him in the KL tongue-removing scene is maybe just for practical production-related reasons: they could give more work to the actor they hired, for example. And the same actor may well not be available anymore by the time S4 comes around, so they would have to recast Marillion or use another singer alltogether. As it stands, they can still do the latter or even use a mute Marillion (allthough it could hurt the plot if they don't manage to make tongueless Marillion every bit as unsympathetic as book Marillion was).
2395	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	Well we can say then that Dany will not return to Qarth in the next 2 books I suppose!
2396	Ghost714	2012-05-25	IIRC it has been mentioned or hinted in interviews somewhere that the showrunners did talk with GRRM about future material; they may not know the entire plot or everything about the ending but I think they do know quite a bit more than us. They have to know enough to be aware what kind of adjustments they will have to make by killing off a character or by slightly (or not-so-slightly, like in Qarth) changing a plot point from the books.In Mago's case, I suspect he is interchangeable with the others who left Drogo's khalasar and turned on Dany; just like Dany's bloodriders are pretty much interchangeable.In Marillion's case, the reason they had him in the KL tongue-removing scene is maybe just for practical production-related reasons: they could give more work to the actor they hired, for example. And the same actor may well not be available anymore by the time S4 comes around, so they would have to recast Marillion or use another singer alltogether. As it stands, they can still do the latter or even use a mute Marillion (allthough it could hurt the plot if they don't manage to make tongueless Marillion every bit as unsympathetic as book Marillion was).You said it yourself, Mago is most likely interchangeable, with that being the case, then why not kill a different Bloodrider, why kill the one GRRM specifically said not to? Just to be different is all I can think of.And if the actor for Marillion was not available for a future role, then they could have chosen not to cast him. There are thousands of talented actors that would have been more than willing to come back, down the road. It's not like they have to choose that one actor. So those kinds of things I still don't agree with.
2397	Wouter	2012-05-25	You said it yourself, Mago is most likely interchangeable, with that being the case, then why not kill a different Bloodrider, why kill the one GRRM specifically said not to? Just to be different is all I can think of. And if the actor for Marillion was not available for a future role, then they could have chosen not to cast him. There are thousands of talented actors that would have been more than willing to come back, down the road. It's not like they have to choose that one actor. So those kinds of things I still don't agree with.They needed someone for the scene with Joffrey - instead of hiring yet another actor (a different bard, then), then gave more work the actor they had already hired. This may be as much a budget thing as anything - or maybe they liked working with that particular actor (something which a book writer doesn't have to take into account).As for why they killed Mago, I do not know their reasons but I do not think they did it willy-nilly just to be different. Maybe they felt he was the only Dothraki actor, or the only character recognisable enough for the TV audience, that could work with the scene?
2398	madman2711	2012-05-25	Probably the actor wouldn't agree for a 3 -4 or even 5 year pause in the show
Tyrion needs to get a bit more dark as i see him
2399	Ghost714	2012-05-25	Probably the actor wouldn't agree for a 3 -4 or even 5 year pause in the showTyrion needs to get a bit more dark as i see himIt's not just how you see him, we have all been saying the same things about Tyrion this whole thread. They have made him a "good guy" only, when in the books he was a much more interesting grey character, like most characters in the books. Even though he was a grey character in the books, I would still call him an overall "good guy". That's what I don't get, D&D have read the books, and they claim to love the books, so they should know its the grey characters that make it so good. So why make a whitewashed version of Tyrion? They know that's no different from almost every other show, and they know that's part of what separates GRRM's books from your typical fantasy.... To say that I don't get it is a huge understatement.
2400	wolverine	2012-05-27	I hated Tyrion when I first read the books.  What has Tyrion done on the show that is detestable?  He has some vices, but certainly nothing that makes the watcher waiver at all about whether or not he is a good guy.  He like whores?  Big deal, that can be put off as him being a dwarf and maybe not being able to get a woman.
2401	House Snow	2012-05-27	Hopefully they are doing with him what they have done with other character, which seems to be highlight/emphasize what they are now so that we see the character change spiral in whichever direction they are going, it will standout as a change in character.   Hopefully they start adding in the grey and even black as the story goes along with Tyrion.  It would be kind of dissapointing if he ends up being the good guy throughout.
2402	Lord Haart	2012-05-28	Hopefully they are doing with him what they have done with other character, which seems to be highlight/emphasize what they are now so that we see the character change spiral in whichever direction they are going, it will standout as a change in character.   Hopefully they start adding in the grey and even black as the story goes along with Tyrion.  It would be kind of dissapointing if he ends up being the good guy throughout.This is what I think.  Dany and Jon are making more mistakes now so that they seem more human later, rather than just seeming stupid.  Similarly, Tyrion is in for a decline, but I think the way he's been presented in the show means that viewers are more likely to stick with him through that phase.
2403	Hodor Hodor!	2012-05-28	I think the writers had to paint Tyrion as a good guy in order to make his fall from grace so much more spectacular.  Much in the same way they have made Jaime a complete a-holer, slaying kin and the such, so that he can be reborn as a decent bloke.  In the books there is more time to paint in the grey, but on screen it works better to have Jaime and Tyrion at opposite ends of the good guy spectrum.  My biggest irk with the portrayal of Tyrion this season is that they haven't shown all his war preparations, particularly the chain.  How hard would have it been to thrown in a random scene where he visits the blacksmith and requests all attention go to making chain.  Cersei could then give him grief for it and he could put her in her place about how some has to plan for the defence of the city.  It would have given non-readers a better understanding of how important his efforts are in the defence of KL.
2404	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-29	Rickon the PointlessThem's fightin' words, friend.
2405	daimonionen	2012-06-26	I expect them to darken Tyrion at least a bit in the 3rd and 4th season. If nothing else, there will be the whole doublehomicide... It fits so well too, since he has lost much of his power, been relieved of his glory in the BotB, and... the nasty scarring? I don't expect them to make him totally into bookTyrion, but for me - I don't really care. Plus, now, I can't really imagine TV-Tyrion slapping Shae and such anyway.
They (D&D) also talked about stretching out Aryas development more, so it seems guaranteed we'll see more darkening there too in future seasons.
2406	Davos' fingertip	2012-08-10	Its harder to make tv viewers like a character, which is why they have to leave some things out.
2407	Masamune	2012-08-11	I think the writers had to paint Tyrion as a good guy in order to make his fall from grace so much more spectacular.I think you give the writers too much credit.
2408	ShowOverBooks	2012-11-08	While I agree they are doing this I also think non readers  would leave the show in droves if they actually made him like the book.  ITs pretty clear to me that a majority of these people for all their enjoyment of the grey nature of the show want there to be a good guy.I read the first book ten years ago - and stopped there. It is a series of stories of bad people doing terrible things. Reading is a very personal thing to me, and I cannot stick with books that have nothing but scumbag after scumbag.Yes, the producers are humanizing some of the villains.Good thing. I would never have gotten back into the books, otherwise.The books are primarily torture porn with some clever dialogue mixed in.
2409	aghrivaine	2012-05-24	It started in the first season, and has become essentially the whole of the show - scene after scene is just two characters talking, and not actually doing anything.
They talk about what they just did, or what they're about to do. They talk about all sorts of stuff, but they don't do much of anything. Once or twice an episode there's a scene where either something happens, or there's more than two characters talking about something.
When I watched the first series on Blu-Ray and listened to the actors and writers' commentary, again and again the majority of their comments had to do with "They have such an interesting relationship" or "This scene really explains their relationship."
Personally, i think it's gone too far - "show don't tell" is a fundamental rule of storytelling, and we seem to have fallen into a bottomless pit of "tell, don't show." I know in part it's budgetary, of course - but I think it also has to do with the storytelling method that Benioff and Weiss have chosen to adopt, which is to first and foremost create relationships between characters, and if a plot manages to emerge from that, well...
Dangit, I want to see some action!
2410	scurvy	2012-05-25	The books have tons of character rememberances of historical and immediate past events that I think such scenes fit with the story telling of the source material.
2411	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	Well to an extent that is the beauty of the story, the dialogue.  In life we get to know eachother primarily through conversations with and about people.  This series is not an action movie it is a fantasy drama.  Unique for hte genre and why I consider it fresh
2412	Greywolf2375	2012-05-25	Sure, there are a number of scenes with just two talking, but without the PoV/inner monologue available, they have to get some exposition.  Considering the level of acting, I'm plenty happy with watching Tyrion & Varys just chatting about what is to come on the walls of the Red Keep.
2413	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	you need to cite examples so we can understand the issue. As far as I can tell 90% of great shows like Sopranos, Mad Men ect. is dialogue. I'd rather clever dialogue then series after series of action sequence like a Transformer movie
2414	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-25	I think part of the problem is that the writers have had a LOT of new characters to introduce and develop and not much time to do it.  So far, Season 2 has had to acquaint viewers with Stannis, Davos, Melisandre, Xaro, Pyat Pree, Quorin Halfhand, Ygritte, Balon, Asha/Yara, Craster, Salladhor Saan, Roose Bolton, Brienne, Jeyne/Talisa, and a host of others while trying to include all of the major players from last season and flesh out characters such as Gendry, Hot Pie, Yoren, Bronn, etc.  This involves a lot of conversation in order to provide back story, motives, characteristics, etc. as efficiently as possible.  Simply put, Martin's books are Cleganish in size...which is why I'm glad that the writers have decided to spread Storm of Swords out over two seasons.  One could argue that Clash of Kings has two seasons worth of material buried in its pages.  Even as somebody who is really enjoying the second season, I get a sense of the writers having to rush the story along to fit everything into ten hours.  At some points, I do feel like I'm listening to the characters tell Martin's story to one another.
2415	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	At some points, I do feel like I'm listening to the characters tell Martin's story to one another.I don't so much get that but I must admit I found the Stannis - Davos dialogue clunky in this episode. I liked that they were explaining the seige of Storms End but the way Stannis spoke it was like Davos didn't know anything about it before. I wanted Davos to but in and say, "I know that, I was there remember?"Maybe like that some of the dialogue feels un-natural so you are noticing it more.
2416	Reposado	2012-05-25	you need to cite examples so we can understand the issue. As far as I can tell 90% of great shows like Sopranos, Mad Men ect. is dialogue. I'd rather clever dialogue then series after series of action sequence like a Transformer movieyes but there is dialogue that doesn't come in one-on-one conversations. your example is mad men. that show features many conversations in which multiple characters are present. this enlivens things, provides variation.the reason GOT has so many 2-person conversations is because its main cast is rarely in the same location. and to save on cost, they don't like to cast more roles than they need to and use as many non-speaking extras as possible.does this make sense yes? does it make the show less dramatically interesting? yes, it does that too.it's interesting because in the books, this doesn't matter. there's so much inner dialogue that scenes are interesting where the character is doing something that would be dreadful on the screen.ETA: good examples of them not doing this in season 1. the scene where tywin  is butchering a deer during conversation. the scene where the greatjon is interrupted by grey wind jumping on the table. not as much of that this year
					
					
							Edited by Lanza Rota, 25 May 2012 - 10:16 AM.
2417	TheWrongKindOfSnow	2012-05-26	In the episode prior to this one, I actually noted the scenes of just dialogue (usually between two characters) as a positive thing. I generally would agree with you - I like action. (Although I'm sure if the series relied on little dialogue, it would be accused of being pure violence.) But I really enjoyed the talks between Jaime and Catelyn, Cersei and Tyrion. 
Whether telling is inferior to showing all depends on what's being said. I wouldn't want the series reduced to just talk, but I've not seen that happening so far. The only scene where I thought talk went on too long was Talisa's account to Robb of her brothers rescue. It wasn't as emotional as it was intended to be, went on to long, and the reaction it inspired in Talisa and Robb seemed inappropriate to the nature of her dialogue (monologue?).
2418	teemo	2012-05-26	That's exactly how my boyfriend feels.  He falls asleep half the time in the middle of the episode and I have to elbow him.  He calls it the "medieval soap opera with rich aristocrats bitching and talking."  However, he loves The Sopranos, which is mostly dialogue as well.  I personally love dialogue-intensive shows, but like someone suggested maybe sometimes it feels like the actors are telling each other GRRM's story.  Can't wait for Blackwater Bay tomorrow!
ETA:  You do have a very valid point though.  Many of the Unsullied are getting very bored this season, and I understand why.  It's easier for book readers to get really into the dialogue, because we're sitting there comparing things in our head to the books and looking for things to happen and it's always exciting.  However, from an outsider's perspective....they just see two people talking.  I really hope the BBW episode is phenomenally action-packed to please some of the restless.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 26 May 2012 - 11:26 AM.
2419	boojam	2012-05-26	It started in the first season, and has become essentially the whole of the show - scene after scene is just two characters talking, and not actually doing anything.They talk about what they just did, or what they're about to do. They talk about all sorts of stuff, but they don't do much of anything. Once or twice an episode there's a scene where either something happens, or there's more than two characters talking about something.When I watched the first series on Blu-Ray and listened to the actors and writers' commentary, again and again the majority of their comments had to do with "They have such an interesting relationship" or "This scene really explains their relationship."Personally, i think it's gone too far - "show don't tell" is a fundamental rule of storytelling, and we seem to have fallen into a bottomless pit of "tell, don't show." I know in part it's budgetary, of course - but I think it also has to do with the storytelling method that Benioff and Weiss have chosen to adopt, which is to first and foremost create relationships between characters, and if a plot manages to emerge from that, well...Dangit, I want to see some action!To me an interesting dialog is action!
2420	Jory	2012-05-26	While it can definitely result in some awesome scenes (Tywin/Arya, Davos/Stannis), it's totally overdone in the series. If I ever see three characters in the same room interacting for any length of time it seems like a miracle because one-on-one seems to be the only dialogue the show can write.
					
					
							Edited by Jory, 26 May 2012 - 12:54 PM.
2421	wolverine	2012-05-27	It is totally overdone.  But I think I might be able to be entertained by Charles Dance talking to a post, and him talking to Maise is awesome.
2422	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-05-27	I don't mind talky scenes per se, but the criticism that rings true to me is that these scenes don't establish anything new about old characters. Essentially, they're having the same conversations over and over again using the same character traits that have been firmly established. So people are left bored asking "what was the point of that scene? we already know that hes a so-and-so and that she's a such-and-such."
2423	GoodGuyA	2012-05-27	It's fundamental to a drama, even with just two people speaking over things. It all depends on how its paced, acted, and shot. GoT does generally well with this (I remember the great conversation of LF and Varys, for example) though it can fall into "shoulder over shoulder" style, which is the least interesting way to shoot stuff like that. It allows your eye to take in the scenery though and hear the lusciousness of the conversation. I don't think it's overdone, considering the type of story it is. If you imagine more action, you are truly in the wrong place.
2424	Currawong	2012-05-27	It's fundamental to a drama, even with just two people speaking over things. It all depends on how its paced, acted, and shot. GoT does generally well with this (I remember the great conversation of LF and Varys, for example) though it can fall into "shoulder over shoulder" style, which is the least interesting way to shoot stuff like that. It allows your eye to take in the scenery though and hear the lusciousness of the conversation. I don't think it's overdone, considering the type of story it is. If you imagine more action, you are truly in the wrong place.Exactly.  In GoT, so much of the action IS dialogue - how else do you show all the KL political machinations, for example?   The problem arises because (alas) many viewers these days, of both TV and cinema, are used to half-disengaging their ears and brain, and just watching, rather than listening to the detail and hearing what is being said.   Or at least only concentrating for 2-3 minutes at a time.   In many cases, they are also used to more simplistic dialogue, so that they can only pay half-attention and still follow the show or movie while doing other things.  Like making dinner, texting to friends (how often does that happen in movies!) and so on.
2425	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-25	I have watched season 1 at least 10 or 13 times (usually while painting for the last 7) basically more than the average person  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> and I can tell you that in season one there was WAY more action. Nearly each and every episode had something dramatic happen, while in season two they just waited for milk it out for as long as possible. I should watch and compare them right now actually, (I just need to find access to season 2 on the other computers hard drive) but I swear it was mostly talking season two.
The fact they made everything happen in the last two episodes... oh man that was PAINFUL.
Season one was going full speed from episode FIVE, when jaime attacks ned and Catelyn has Tyrion. Ahh, awesome fight scenes!
Before that there was still so much action- Clegane chopping the horses head ( I love it, looked so real ), the knight getting stabbed in the throat, bran getting pushed from a window, Ned finding Gendry, Arya fighting Joffrey, etc etc. So awesome !  Told you; EVERY EPISODE ACTION OCCURRED.
Season two had none of that!! all teasing. So I agree with season two (the painful scenes between Dany and Jorah which were actually repeated.. Where are my dragons, find them, okay, go on, yes princess... blah blah) but not season one.
Season one had scenes that added something. Season two did not. The writers of the second season hadn't even heard of the books, i kid you not.
2426	Kessell	2012-10-25	The main critisism one of my non watching friends has speaks to this point. As others have pointed out an interesting conversation can be enough 'action'. But the structure of far too many scenes (enough that it becomes easy to observe and find annoying) has to do with two or three people exchanging lines ( letting each other finish, speaking near perfectly) while the camera flashes from 1 face to the other. His point was that is what breaks immersion far more than any fantasy element, he discribed it as looking at a theatre stage instead of feeling in the mitst of the actors / story. Obviously this is an entirly personal critique that i don't happen to share, but the 'style' they often adopt in dialog scenes is clearly visible as focus on lots of single shots as opposed to long steady shots of the entire set or something inbetween (dispite the many directors, though for instance Nutter is far more guilty of it than others).
2427	Dream Hawk	2012-08-31	So...  IMHO the TV portrayal of Daenerys is sooo different to book Daenerys.
What does everyone think: Rampaging brat or BAMF?
					
					
							Edited by Dream Hawk, 05 September 2012 - 11:20 AM.
2428	acedrian	2012-09-13	a few people I've spoken to who watch the series but haven't read the book complain how obnoxious she is. I can understand that. I don't think you can read the book and not have sympathy for the enormous trauma and pressure she is put under. The series can't adequately portray this - and its not helped by the fact that in the book she is only 13, and in the series they use an actress who is clearly in her 20s.
2429	Lannister Hamster	2012-09-13	In the tv series they changed the timeline so Robert's rebellion took place 3 years earlier
2430	Lady_Catspaw	2012-09-13	Wow. That could mess a few plot lines up.
I've only seen the first episode so far (/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />) but I was rather dismayed by how old she looked. And not quite as... ethereal as I imagined her.
2431	xythil	2012-05-25	It all started in season 1 when catalyn tells Jon snow "I want you to get out" instead of the amazingly cold brutal line "It should have been you"
But they just keep on re-writing perfect dialog and replacing it with subpar/campy/cheesey dialog.
I can't wait for Roose Bolton to stab Rob through the chest and say "Time to die stark!" instead of "Jaime Lannister sends his regards"
I love the casting in this show...its pitch perfect for 99% of the characters... but why do the writers feel the need to butcher scenes with their changes dialog?
2432	protar	2012-05-25	It all started in season 1 when catalyn tells Jon snow "I want you to get out" instead of the amazingly cold brutal line "It should have been you"But they just keep on re-writing perfect dialog and replacing it with subpar/campy/cheesey dialog.I can't wait for Roose Bolton to stab Rob through the chest and say "Time to die stark!" instead of "Jaime Lannister sends his regards"I love the casting in this show...its pitch perfect for 99% of the characters... but why do the writers feel the need to butcher scenes with their changes dialog?Well your specific example was probably to avoid all the Cat hate the sprung up amongst book fans over it (though I agree it should have been kept as it was.). As to the rest, who knows? No one's expecting a word for word adaptation, but there are certainly some great lines that would've worked very well in the show but were left out.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 25 May 2012 - 07:02 AM.
2433	Greywolf2375	2012-05-25	Well your specific example was probably to avoid all the Cat hate the sprung up amongst book fans over it (though I agree it should have been kept as it was.).I don't think that is the reason - in an interview Kit Harrington referenced how in the show Catelyn hates him.Like most of the series - they have absolutely nailed some pieces of it and some they have missed on.  Some of the pieces they have nailed were not as in the books (the Arya capture/Lommy getting killed scene being one), some of the pieces they have missed were in the books (Catelyn/Jon in Brans room).
2434	protar	2012-05-25	I don't think that is the reason - in an interview Kit Harrington referenced how in the show Catelyn hates him. Like most of the series - they have absolutely nailed some pieces of it and some they have missed on. Some of the pieces they have nailed were not as in the books (the Arya capture/Lommy getting killed scene being one), some of the pieces they have missed were in the books (Catelyn/Jon in Brans room).True, but perhaps they thought that was just going a little bit over-board. They perhaps didn't want that hanging over Cat's characterisation.
2435	Evamitchelle	2012-05-25	I vaguely remember D&D saying that they felt the look she gave him was enough to convey her words.
2436	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-25	It all started in season 1 when catalyn tells Jon snow "I want you to get out" instead of the amazingly cold brutal line "It should have been you"But they just keep on re-writing perfect dialog and replacing it with subpar/campy/cheesey dialog.I can't wait for Roose Bolton to stab Rob through the chest and say "Time to die stark!" instead of "Jaime Lannister sends his regards"I love the casting in this show...its pitch perfect for 99% of the characters... but why do the writers feel the need to butcher scenes with their changes dialog?If they have Roose shout something that cheesy as he is stabbing Robb Stark, then they need to have an accompanying Wilhelm Scream!  If you are going to be campy, might as well go all out.
2437	Maester Bater	2012-05-25	I think that in the first season they were a lot more faithful to the book in terms. Most of the scenes that were in the book were almost word-for-word and it just sounded great. This season however even the scenes taken from the book  barely resemble them in terms of dialogue and has made this season so much weaker in my opinion.
2438	Greywolf2375	2012-05-25	True, but perhaps they thought that was just going a little bit over-board. They perhaps didn't want that hanging over Cat's characterisation.Could be...whatever their reason, it was a loss as that would have been a BRUTAL scene to see.  And I miss it.
2439	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	Utilizing the book's dialogue tremendously improves the tv series, adding a literary feel to the story.  Removing and changing the dialogue to tv cliches  harms the series. Changing Cat's line shows a lack of bravery as it would take some courage to have a main heroine speak something so negative.
2440	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-25	I vaguely remember D&D saying that they felt the look she gave him was enough to convey her words.Yes; I heard this as well.TV is just a different medium.. there are different tricks of the trade.  The ultimate goal is to produce quality, premium TV and not to please every fan.  There are incredible time and budget constraints to work with; good actors can speak paragraphs with their faces.  The little exchange where Tyrion awkardly almost-hugs Cercei and Cercei pulls back, they both look so lost and confused.. it is masterful acting.  The series is rich with moments like this, and it's much more enjoyable if you just put the books out of your mind and enjoy it as a TV series.I may be wrong, but I think if you're looking for a more faithful adaptation through another medium you might enjoy the graphic novels.
2441	victim	2012-05-25	Because "It should have been you," is a terrible cheesy, clichA©d line that is used all the time across tonnes of mediums. It works well enough in the books but on the show it would have been intolerably melodramatic, especially seeing as at that point we hadn't had too much background info on Jon other than he was a bastard.
That's just your example though. There have been times, this season especially, where I wish they kept the original dialogue. I can't imagine they'll change the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards line." Though, only if Jaime and Roose meet, which I pray they will.
2442	Tadco26	2012-05-25	I wouldn't assume anything as far as what they will or won't leave in the show in the future.  I do wish they would make more attempts to stick to the dialogue. Some times it is frustrating when they half keep a phrase like when Tyrion was talking to Jon in season 1 for example and he told Jon that every dwarf is a bastard in his father's eyes, but they left out the second part which was "not every bastard needs to be a dwarf", which I though was a pretty powerful line.  Of course everyone has their favorite lines and they can't include them all, but it is frustrating to see one of your favorites cut and then have them make screen time for a fart joke they made up.
2443	boojam	2012-05-25	It all started in season 1 when catalyn tells Jon snow "I want you to get out" instead of the amazingly cold brutal line "It should have been you"But they just keep on re-writing perfect dialog and replacing it with subpar/campy/cheesey dialog.I can't wait for Roose Bolton to stab Rob through the chest and say "Time to die stark!" instead of "Jaime Lannister sends his regards"I love the casting in this show...its pitch perfect for 99% of the characters... but why do the writers feel the need to butcher scenes with their changes dialog?I don't see it myself.But to quote Charles Dance , he said , the reason he signed on was because the teleplays was so good. Dance has been around the block a lot, he knows good writing when he sees it... I'll go with Dance.
2444	Reposado	2012-05-25	I don't see it myself. But to quote Charles Dance , he said , the reason he signed on was because the teleplays was so good. Dance has been around the block a lot, he knows good writing when he sees it... I'll go with Dance.yeah, the season one teleplays were. the recent ones......
2445	Davos55	2012-05-25	"Jaime Lannister sends his regards" is probably my favorite line in the series..if they cut that out..I don't know what I will do.  It is a very iconic moment and I strongly feel that Roose will play a larger role next season, so this line should definitely still happen.  Still far too early to tell though.
I do wonder why the show has Dany say "fire and blood" in every conversation though. Makes no sense.
2446	victim	2012-05-25	yeah, the season one teleplays were. the recent ones......Even with a lot of the changes, the dialogue remains a standout part of the show, some of it is brilliant beyond the words. It's a far cry better from most of the other tripe on television these days.
2447	Gogossos	2012-05-25	Even made up scenes can and have been great. I have never doubted the talent in this show both in front and behind the camera. The problems have started this season because of the amount of devergences. The extra scenes last year were all very good. Varys also generally gets good lines.
					
					
							Edited by Gogossos, 25 May 2012 - 03:13 PM.
2448	xythil	2012-05-25	There have been changes that I love. Arya/Tywin stare down was great.
Then they do pointless things like introduce and off the tickler for no apparent reason...or randomly kill Amory
2449	boojam	2012-05-25	yeah, the season one teleplays were. the recent ones......With the exception of one scene in season one, Dance has some of his best dialog this season, especially the Arya stuff.
2450	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	Seriously? â<U+0080><U+009C>Literaryâ<U+0080><U+009D>? Surely you jest!Yes, in some places Martin does on occasion do a nice job, but in many he does not. Indeed, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all downhill after Storm. I sure as hell pray that they toss a lot of that tedious clichA©d crap out the door where it belongs. If they make TV viewers choke it down, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re dead meat. This is stuff that having an actual editor would have fixed, but somehow by the time Storm rolls around, thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nobody manning the helm at Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s publisher. Simply scandalous.It bodes not well for the future, either.as opposed to that memorable speech that talyne gave last episode.  something bout a brother drowningYAWN
2451	Morrigan	2012-05-26	I do wonder why the show has Dany say "fire and blood" in every conversation though. Makes no sense.They're the Targ words, so the dumb writers feel the need to insert them in every other of Dany's lines. lol
2452	protar	2012-05-26	....how about you explain to me how introducing important characters than randomly killing them off is perfectly understandable?In all fairness I think they went the best route with the Tickler and Amory dying. There was neither the time nor the need to introduce Weese and Chiswyck so it makes sense for them to kill off the already established mooks. The scene at the inn can still happen, because Polliver is still alive and he's the one with Needle. So they probably thought it was more important to keep him around. I do a lot of complaining about this show so I have no problem with others doing the same, but please learn to recognise when a book deviation is necessary.
2453	madman2711	2012-05-26	I dont understand all the pigshit unnecessary the D&D team feed us from time to time 
And if the george allmighty might annoy us with his work d&d sure arent very good at improving they just add mediocre subplots and dialogue and leave the burden on the actors to deliver
2454	Mulled Wino	2012-05-26	And the rest of the so-called changes Â<U+0097> really just necessarily adaptations Â<U+0097> that the rabid wombats are frothing about in thread after thread after thread are cases just like this one. This is what I hate about the rabid purissimistas who have a major conniption fit every time somebody puts on their left shoe before their right one instead of the  other way around the way Holy Book had it. They donÂ<U+0092>t think.  They refuse to put four seconds of thought into understanding the demands and realities of creating a screen adaptation.  It is wholly unrealistic.  [font=georgia,serif]Thank God they have people running these things who actually have a clue! Granted the Tickler and SAL are bad examples of adaptations gone wrong, but the producers have certainly whiffed a few times this season.  They've also hit a few hr's (someone already mentioned the Arya capture scene and the quick Lommy death).  Id also add Qarth and everything done so far with the Greyjoys.Quick, name one dedicated internet forum not infested with rabid wombats and purists...I'll wait.While I'm waiting, why get so worked up about it
2455	BlackTalon	2012-05-26	oddly enough, one of the lines I missed most was CerseiÂ´s remark to Sansa after her flowering: "A womanÂ´s life is nine parts mess to one part magic, youÂ´ll learn that soon enough" or something to that effect. I think it reveals so much about her and her motivations, how she has always hated constantly having to defer to the men in her life, and she being A Lioness of the Rock!!! and her resentment at people trying to rob her of her hour in the sun (quote from AFFC, IIRC)
I think it would have made a great catchphrase among the viewers. I hope they donÂ´t leave out YgritteÂ´s "A man can possess a woman or he can possess a sharp dagger, but not both".
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 26 May 2012 - 07:43 AM.
2456	Davos55	2012-05-26	And the rest of the so-called changes â<U+0080><U+0094> really just necessarily adaptations â<U+0080><U+0094> that the rabid wombats are frothing about in thread after thread after thread are cases just like this one. This is what I hate about the rabid purissimistas who have a major conniption fit every time somebody puts on their left shoe before their right one instead of the  other way around the way Holy Book had it. They donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think.  They refuse to put four seconds of thought into understanding the demands and realities of creating a screen adaptation.  It is wholly unrealistic.  Thank God they have people running these things who actually have a clue! Because if these pursissimistas had their way, there would be no show at all.  Maybe they would like that, if the show never got made, or got cancelled rather than hertetically blashpheming the inalterable Word of God laid down in their Holy Â!GENUFLECT WHEN YOU SAY THAT! Books, but I certainly wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t. Just curious, is there anything you don't like about the show..or that you think the producers are doing a poor job of? It seems like in every post you have you just praise literally everything that is done in every situation, and just bash everyone who tries to counter any point you have.  I am just wondering why this is necessary..and if you like the show more than the books so far?
2457	BlackTalon	2012-05-26	Just curious, is there anything you don't like about the show..or that you think the producers are doing a poor job of? It seems like in every post you have you just praise literally everything that is done in every situation, and just bash everyone who tries to counter any point you have.  I am just wondering why this is necessary..and if you like the show more than the books so far?It must be to properly display his moral and intellectual superiority over all the people who just donÂ´t get that "the show IS NOT THE BOOK!!! YOU CANNOT EXPECT A 100% FAITHFUL adaptation!!!"I was already on the old black message board, and on this I was among the first 700, but ole Weirdwood is the most annoying poster ever. And he seems to be EVERYWHERE.I have never had anybody on ignore on this or any of the other boards I frequent, but I am not sure IÂ´ll be able to take his posts much longer.Much though Aegon has captured my own heart, and perhaps because he has, I must ask you: Why would you, too, wish to be â<U+0080><U+009C>gorged on griefâ<U+0080>â<U+0080><U+009D> at Summerhall, like the Ghost of High Heart? There is something soul-killing about reading a story whose tragic end looms inescapable, its ominous shadow reaching back in time from its inevitable finale to smother all of lifeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s joy, knowing that no matter what, it will all end in utter catastrophe, betrayal, pain, suffering, death, and grief to obliterate the dreams of generations both fore and aft?Yes, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just like real life â<U+0080><U+0094> which is precisely why we have no use for such in literature. We need stories to inspire us towards courage and hope, even when we know there is no reason for either. To be reminded of the doom that awaits Aegon, so bright and full of promise now, but without any possible hope for the future, is to reminded that we share his fate. That does not uplift us. It drives us down. No thank you. Martin already screwed the pooch on this one. It spoils the story with pain, with loss, with fate. It was a mistake. To nought it will all come, and worse than nought: to ruin. Would you be like Rhaegar himself? He was born under Summerhallâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pall of grief, a doom which haunted his songs all the days of his short and melancholy life. We need not be reminded of the pointless loss, the wasted dreams, the pain of what can never be. Martin already gave away bright Aegonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fall into tragedy. I need not follow that camera into its ruinous finale.  Too much torture-porn ruins your dreams forever. If that is what reality is all about, you can keep it.This is why to read the books, the most beautiful thing that Martin has yet written:As Daenerys Targaryen rose to her feet, her black hissed, pale smoke venting from its mouth and nostrils. The other two pulled away from her breasts and added their voices to the call, translucent wings unfolding and stirring the air, and for the first time in hundreds of years, the night came alive with the music of dragons.Isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t that utterly magical? Wondrously uplifting?  It is a sudden joyous turn that makes you weep This is what all faerie tales are truly about: the eucatastrophe, the release from bondage, the unlooked for rescue when all hope is lost. It is an emotion as poignant as grief. It denies universal defeat, and hints at lasting joy beyond the circles of the world.It is not grief we seek, but its antithesis.As for Summerhall, it is nearly impossible to see how any hope could arise from that smoking ruin upon House Targaryen.  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I canÂ´t remember the last time I read such pretentious drivel.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 26 May 2012 - 08:25 AM.
2458	boojam	2012-05-26	It must be to properly display his moral and intellectual superiority over all the people who just donÂ´t get that "the show IS NOT THE BOOK!!! YOU CANNOT EXPECT A 100% FAITHFUL adaptation!!!"I was already on the old black message board, and on this I was among the first 700, but ole Weirdwood is the most annoying poster ever. And he seems to be EVERYWHERE.I have never had anybody on ignore on this or any of the other boards I frequent, but I am not sure IÂ´ll be able to take his posts much longer. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I canÂ´t remember the last time I read such pretentious drivel.I am beginning to think we had a troll start this thread.
2459	xythil	2012-05-26	I just read that the produces were told by Martin that Mago had things to do in future episodes...so it kind of looks like he has no input whatsoever =/
2460	insertname	2012-05-26	Martin does have input. And Mago is only important as a Dothraki, it's not like anyone's going to remember his name by the time he comes around again anyway. They can just change his role with some other dothraki.
2461	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-26	I just read that the produces were told by Martin that Mago had things to do in future episodes...so it kind of looks like he has no input whatsoever =/The death of Mago has no impact whatsoever on the future of the series. His whole point in the series was just to have his throat ripped out; he's not the same Mago from teh books, just a Dothraki that they used to have the throat ripping scene that htey happened to name Mago. There's no way in hell they were going to have an actor play the Mago from the books, who honestly I don't even remember, and have him appear briefly and then bring him back six years later. Total non-issue. When Mago shows up in TWOW, when teh show gets there they can just change his name to something else and nobody should care.The early death of the Tickler and Marillon (not dead, but probably not showing up again) have a lot more impact on the story, though the show can still write around it.Back to the original topic, I wish the writers kept in more of Martin's dialog. I was shocked that the Tyrion getting slapped by Cersei three times in thier first meeitng in ACOK was changed; that whole sequence was hilarious, but left out for some reason.Some of the "new" scenes have had pretty good dialog, but still, they're not as strong as Martin and for the most part the scenes didn't go anywhere. Here, I'm talking about Arya and Tywin-pretty good scenes but what was the point--and especially all the new Littlefinger scenes, most of which were poor. And Dany's new scenes have just had outright awful dialog. She just keeps screeching "fire and blood!" like a spoiled brat, and her long speech to the Spice King was really, really awful, especially when she did the cliffnotes of that speech to Jorah last episode.
2462	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-26	I do wonder why the show has Dany say "fire and blood" in every conversation though. Makes no sense. Maybe you should go back and re-watch her scenes, because she's only said it ONCE.
2463	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-26	Maybe you should go back and re-watch her scenes, because she's only said it ONCE.I'll take your word for it; I'm not feeling masochistic. Even if it was only "fire and blood once", all her dialog this season has been screeching, screaming, and pouting about "taking back what is mine"; her arc this season has been pretty awful.
2464	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-26	I'll take your word for it; I'm not feeling masochistic.Even if it was only "fire and blood once", all her dialog this season has been screeching, screaming, and pouting about "taking back what is mine"; her arc this season has been pretty awful.Episodes 1 and 2: she's in the Red Waste; her people are dying - she's sad and angry.Episode 4: she has to fight for her people. Episode 5: no screeching.Episode 6: screeches.Episode 7: no screeching - her children have been taken, her people are dead - she's sad and angry.Episode 8: once again, no screeching.
2465	xythil	2012-05-26	I'll take your word for it; I'm not feeling masochistic.Even if it was only "fire and blood once", all her dialog this season has been screeching, screaming, and pouting about "taking back what is mine"; her arc this season has been pretty awful.Why did Dany turn into Viserys =/
2466	Davos55	2012-05-26	Maybe you should go back and re-watch her scenes, because she's only said it ONCE.I was obviously exaggerating..but even so, her dialogue has not been well written this season in my opinion.   I can understand her rationale behind saying some stuff, but I don't think it has been presented in the best manner.  I know you won't agree, but that is my take on it.
2467	Jolene Brown	2012-05-27	What's funny, and I know this is a bit particular, is that sometimes even when they leave in dialogue, by removing what leads up to it, or changing the context in which it occurs, it still sounds a bit wrong to me.  I guess it IS hard to make an adaptation!  A good example of this is Jaime's lovely vows monologue with Catelyn.  For some reason, it just didn't sound right to me, and I think that's a combination of it being in a different setting and it being a bit out of context of the lengthier conversation leading up to it in the book when compared to the show.  I understand that it's un-avoidable, it's just frustrating when the original works so well.
2468	sennahoj	2012-05-27	What's funny, and I know this is a bit particular, is that sometimes even when they leave in dialogue, by removing what leads up to it, or changing the context in which it occurs, it still sounds a bit wrong to me.  I guess it IS hard to make an adaptation!  A good example of this is Jaime's lovely vows monologue with Catelyn.  For some reason, it just didn't sound right to me, and I think that's a combination of it being in a different setting and it being a bit out of context of the lengthier conversation leading up to it in the book when compared to the show.  I understand that it's un-avoidable, it's just frustrating when the original works so well.You make a good point. I think the changes made to setting, context, plot continuity etc etc during adaptation are interrelated with the changes made to the dialogue. For example the conversation between Tyrion and Cersei in the last episode. There was a lot taken directly from the book, and I was really happy for it, but some of it needed to be changed, such as the age reference ("remember Jaime at 13/17"), or left out, such as everything about Tommen since he wasn't spirited away on the show so Tyrion couldn't make threats about Tommen to Cersei. While the main point of Tyrion and Cersei threatening each other was coming across, it wasn't as strong as in the books because Tyrion didn't threaten to violate his nephew. Had they kept that bit however, it would've been out of character for the much more likeable show-Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by sennahoj, 27 May 2012 - 05:25 AM.
2469	Evamitchelle	2012-05-27	You make a good point. I think the changes made to setting, context, plot continuity etc etc during adaptation are interrelated with the changes made to the dialogue. For example the conversation between Tyrion and Cersei in the last episode. There was a lot taken directly from the book, and I was really happy for it, but some of it needed to be changed, such as the age reference ("remember Jaime at 13/17"), or left out, such as everything about Tommen since he wasn't spirited away on the show so Tyrion couldn't make threats about Tommen to Cersei. While the main point of Tyrion and Cersei threatening each other was coming across, it wasn't as strong as in the books because Tyrion didn't threaten to violate his nephew. Had they kept that bit however, it would've been out of character for the much more likeable show-Tyrion.The worst part of that scene IMO was Cersei calling Pod "little boy". Seriously ? The actor they cast is at least as tall as Cersei...
2470	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-27	I was obviously exaggerating..but even so, her dialogue has not been well written this season in my opinion.   I can understand her rationale behind saying some stuff, but I don't think it has been presented in the best manner.  I know you won't agree, but that is my take on it. So your point has changed from "she only ever talks about fire and blood" to "she's always screeching" to "she's not being presented very well". This is quite a big difference. I personally find that Vanessa Taylor's episodes (4 and 6) have had quite bad dialogue for Daenerys compared to the D&D episodes. But your initial points were quite clearly wrong, and sadly they're thoughts that appear to be shared throughout the fandom (probably because each preview had Dany talking about fire and blood).I think that Dany's arc has suffered the most this season due to a lack of airtime. Another episode in Qarth before her dragons were taken would have made a huge difference.
2471	Davos55	2012-05-27	So your point has changed from "she only ever talks about fire and blood" to "she's always screeching" to "she's not being presented very well". This is quite a big difference. I personally find that Vanessa Taylor's episodes (4 and 6) have had quite bad dialogue for Daenerys compared to the D&D episodes. But your initial points were quite clearly wrong, and sadly they're thoughts that appear to be shared throughout the fandom (probably because each preview had Dany talking about fire and blood).I think that Dany's arc has suffered the most this season due to a lack of airtime. Another episode in Qarth before her dragons were taken would have made a huge difference.I never said anything about screeching in any of my posts. My initial exaggeration about her talking about fire and blood was just to show that I think her dialogue has not been presented well in general.  I think they are missing the mark a lot of times with her dialogue and putting emphasis on the wrong things.I definitely agree with you about Vanessa Taylor's episodes..her dialogue for female characters in general has just been not the best.  My initial point as I said was an exaggeration and was not meant to be overanalyzed, but I apologize for misleading you.  The previews and trailers do overemphasize that line, which probably has a lot to do with my feelings on the matter.I don't think lack of airtime has much to do with it..I think the time we had with her should have had better dialogue and less of the "dramatic" changes they have made to Qarth.  In the book she only had like 4 chapters anyways..but that is another point entirely.
2472	wolverine	2012-05-27	I don't think that is the reason - in an interview Kit Harrington referenced how in the show Catelyn hates him.Like most of the series - they have absolutely nailed some pieces of it and some they have missed on.  Some of the pieces they have nailed were not as in the books (the Arya capture/Lommy getting killed scene being one), some of the pieces they have missed were in the books (Catelyn/Jon in Brans room).I totally thought that was the reason (speaking of why they softened Cat's words towards Jon).   The show has consistently made Cat more likeable and reasonable IMO.
2473	Davos' fingertip	2012-08-10	Everyone would have hated Catelyn had she said that. When you get all the monologue in the books, its easier to sympathize, not the same with the tv show.
					
					
							Edited by Davos' fingertip, 10 August 2012 - 06:46 AM.
2474	ServantOnIce	2012-08-11	I wish they would have let Sansa kiss the Hound . . .
2475	ayellowtonguewithtwospears	2012-07-11	I've just noticed that Talissa, when telling Rob the story about her brother nearly dying in the river at Volantis, calls the river the "Voyne" the first time she mentions it and the "Royne" the second time. I know the story is not in the books, but Volantis is. Is either name correct?
aytwts
2476	Ran	2012-07-14	Rhoyne.
2477	Bride of Winter	2012-05-21	Do you think Robb and Catelyn are ever going to find out about Bran and Rickon's "deaths"? 
The two main things that their deaths served as a catalyst for (Robb/Jeyne and Cat freeing Jaime) happened on their own, and they made a point that ravens aren't getting out. I don't see what else them finding about Bran and Rickon's deaths later on would add.
That being said though, I'm just disappointed because the major point of Bran and Rickon's "deaths" were what they kicked off. If Robb was going to sleep with Jeyne and Cat was going to free Jaime on their own time, there's really no point in faking the boys' deaths. Also it sort of implies that Robb and Catelyn were screwed from the beginning by the nature of their stupidity, which is wrong. They acted out of impulse and hbo really failed to show that, in my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 21 May 2012 - 04:51 PM.
2478	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-21	I've found this interesting as well....but talking to family who are non-book fans they didn't realize it was "their" bodies hanging in EO7 so the shock in the book for them wasn't as much  in last night's episode as it was in the book for a first time reader. I'm not sure it was done the best it could be. I agree w/your point though on the motivations of Cat and Robb. I wish they had have gone about that differently, at least not mentioning ravens were not getting out.
2479	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	They'll find out for sure.
2480	Michaelj	2012-05-21	I think they'll find out season 3 because Ramsay will attack Winterfell, sack it and notice the Starks are dead. He'll send a raven informing them that Theon sacked Winterfell aswell as murdering the Starks.
2481	Zappotack	2012-05-21	I thought their deaths looked ridiculous and very unconvincing but I wander could a tv show really show the graphic from the books. Its different from Ned because these are kids...
2482	Tourniquet	2012-05-22	Could there be any other event that learning of the Bran and Rickon's death prompts Robb or Cat to do? Im drawing a blank...?
2483	Darth Pipes	2012-05-22	Not only did the murder of Bran and Rickon lead Robb and Cat to do irrational things that led to their downfall, it also made Theon's betrayel worse because unintentionally helped set the events that got Rob and Cat killed.
2484	Bride of Winter	2012-05-22	Not only did the murder of Bran and Rickon lead Robb and Cat to do irrational things that led to their downfall, it also made Theon's betrayel worse because unintentionally helped set the events that got Rob and Cat killed.Could there be any other event that learning of the Bran and Rickon's death prompts Robb or Cat to do? Im drawing a blank...?See, this is exactly what I'm worried about. their deaths have huge long term effects regarding Theon's guilt of his betrayal because he pretty much kicked Robb's and Cat's downfalls into motion. But there aren't any more specific things that Robb and Cat do as a reaction to Bran and Rickon's deaths. And the writers haven't proved themselves to be concerned with overarching themes, so I'm really worried that unless they add in more fuck-ups by Robb and Cat* they won't see a point in making them find out about the boys. *and making them make more mistakes would just make them seem even more incompetent, so it's a lose-lose situation imo.
2485	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	Also, no matter how devastated the actors play it, I don't think their grief will have the same impact when we know that Bran and Rickon are alive.  I actually can't remember - had that been revealed in the book when Catelyn and Robb made their respective bad decisions?  I think when Catelyn freed Jaime, it was not yet clear that Bran/Rickon were alive, but by the time we found out about Robb's marriage, it was early in the third book.  I suppose many readers suspected Bran/Rickon were alive anyway, but it's different than knowing for sure.
2486	Sweet Sister	2012-05-23	@Jolene Brown: IIRC, it's not revealed until the last chapter of ACOK.
I agree that Cat and Robb not learning of Bran and Rickon's deaths completely takes viewer sympathy away from those two characters. Personally, I thought Cat's decision to free Jaime was much more believable when she thought that Robb was the only member of her family left if she could not get the girls. Also, Robb doesnt seem like such a bonehead when he forsakes his vow to the Freys as he did so during a time of mourning. IDK, I haven't been very impressed with the charcter development this season but my friends who have not read the book differ totally.
P.S. I'm very excited to make my first post on the wonderful forum after weeks of lurking! Hello, everyone!
2487	Bride of Winter	2012-05-23	@Jolene Brown: IIRC, it's not revealed until the last chapter of ACOK.I agree that Cat and Robb not learning of Bran and Rickon's deaths completely takes viewer sympathy away from those two characters. Personally, I thought Cat's decision to free Jaime was much more believable when she thought that Robb was the only member of her family left if she could not get the girls. Also, Robb doesnt seem like such a bonehead when he forsakes his vow to the Freys as he did so during a time of mourning. IDK, I haven't been very impressed with the charcter development this season but my friends who have not read the book differ totally.P.S. I'm very excited to make my first post on the wonderful forum after weeks of lurking! Hello, everyone!I completely agree. the characterization's just so off with everyone this season. all of my friends who haven't read the books are content but I'm over here screaming "no! that's not how it's supposed to be!!" and hi! welcome to the forum! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2488	House Balstroko	2012-05-23	While I agree, the way events played out in the book is a lot more powerful, I disagree with the notion that freing Jaime is illogical without knowledge of Bran and Rickon's 'fate'.
If you look at it from Cat's perspective, she knows Theon has taken Winterfell, so she now, only has Robb who is not a hostage. She can try to bargain with the Lannister;s through Jaime for her daughters, but can't with Theon since she has nothing to exchange for Bran and Rickon. Given the context of the show the release works very well.
2489	protar	2012-05-23	Is anyone else also a bit peeved at the reveal of Bran and Rickon being in the crypts? This would've been excellent as a reveal in episode 10. Here it just came across as weak. I'm starting to think they might be moving the Sack of Winterfell to S3 so it can open with a bang, else why waste such good potential?
2490	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I think they'll find out season 3 because Ramsay will attack Winterfell, sack it and notice the Starks are dead. He'll send a raven informing them that Theon sacked Winterfell aswell as murdering the Starks.why would ramsey have brought ravens with him?  small probably pointless point but....
2491	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-24	P.S. I'm very excited to make my first post on the wonderful forum after weeks of lurking! Hello, everyone!Welcome.Is anyone else also a bit peeved at the reveal of Bran and Rickon being in the crypts? This would've been excellent as a reveal in episode 10. Here it just came across as weak. I'm starting to think they might be moving the Sack of Winterfell to S3 so it can open with a bang, else why waste such good potential?I am.  Even if the viewers didn't believe B/R were dead, non-readers would still have the looming suspense/question of "Where are they??" Suspense is never a bad thing in storytelling.  Not sure why they chose to do it this way.  Perhaps there will turn out to be a reason, but I'm waiting for that like I'm waiting for a reason for Dontos' appearance in ep. 1, Tyrion's obtaining of the diuretic in another early ep., the point of the Tywin/Arya scenes other than showing us a new cool interaction just for its own sake, on and on...You may be right on the sack, but I rather think not, simply because so much needs to go into seasons 3/4 already.  However it is possible they'll move it considering how much is supposed to wrap up in the next two eps to finish off Clash.  I'm really not sure why we had to have so much from Storm find its way into this season, other than to make sure actors like NCW had something to do when bookwise they'd be missing for nearly an entire season.
2492	Michaelj	2012-05-24	why would ramsey have brought ravens with him? small probably pointless point but....He has to get to return to send a raven eventually...
2493	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	The question is are D&D that blasphamous that they may add Lewin sending a raven to notify them that they are alive, maybe they'll find out just before the RW and go from happiness to death. Cat may convince Robb not to let anyone else know incase it jepodises the boys lives. I would not put it passed them to screw with the storyline that much.
2494	LordMarani	2012-05-25	I think the fake deaths were really poorly handled.
With the obvious foreshadowing ("I'll send two orphan boys", "The boys we sent live here" etc. etc.) everyone already knew that those were the ones killed instead of Bran and Rickon. It was only a question of when they return, instead of if.
Without that foreshadowing and just Bran and Rickon escaping (and Theon finding the Walnut in the woods) the deaths would have been a lot more shocking to readers, and then they could be revealed in the series finale, cheering Osha for her wits. Instead, even Luwin knows where they are in the next episode? Osha running around in Winterfell with nobody noticing?
Another plotline so much weaker than it could have been. *sigh*
2495	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-25	Also if I recall in the books weren't Bran & Rickon hiding in a house or stone building of some kind, then we get Theon POV of the dogs loosing the scent at this millers house. You thought how are they going to escape then bang two heads on a spike and Theon telling himself he had to do it so he didn't look weak. Would that be so hard to do on telly. Have the boys hiding in a building then next shot over Theon's shoulder seeing the miller's house, thunders down on horse. Next scene he's convincing Lewin he had to do it showing small amounts of remorse, Lewin devestated, heads shown on spikes. Wait until Ep10 for the reveal. I can only think they didn't want the audience to think they were dead for a second. Maybe they thought people would turn off after???
2496	Tormund_BloggersBane	2012-06-01	...And where is Ramsay through all of this? I don't know how they can tie in his involvement now that the miller's boys are already tarred and hung without him even been introduced.
There are some fairly big plot failings so far that will only be amplified as the story progresses.
2497	Arkash	2012-05-21	Okay, so a ship with a good captain leaves for Astapor "tommorow", I guess, then we will see Dany leave Qarth and probably see Barristan too in her last scene of the season, what do you think ?
That would mean she's rushing to the Hotu at the end of the episode !
2498	Pellaeon	2012-05-22	Maybe or they miss the ship, for the dramatic effect, "Dany won't leave without her children" or something like that
2499	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Maybe or they miss the ship, for the dramatic effect, "Dany won't leave without her children" or something like that I thought she wouldnt leave because of fire and blood.  or did I miss something?
2500	Chelly	2012-05-22	Just going by the episode description, it seems the HoTU will happen in the final episode. I like the idea of Ser Barristan showing up in her final scene. It would be so much better than him just popping up next season.
2501	Arkash	2012-05-22	Yeah, that is why I'm quite certain of too... she will leave Qarth on that ship at the end of the episode, so they dont have to rebuild the whole Qarth setup next season, and to end up this story arc, it is perfect to end it this way !
2502	Gogossos	2012-05-22	But in order to work for tv, they'll have to essentially reveal Barristan to the tv audience: his scene from the throne room will have to be in the "previously" scenes, his disguise shouldn't be too good, etc. Then the non-book viewers can say, "Isnt that Barristan? ... with Dany!" That's the reaction they want as a cliffhanger.
2503	Lexicdark	2012-05-22	I do wonder how they are going to set the whole thing up.  Before he saved her life, now she will be fleeing the city and he is just going to be there.  I guess that is okay, but I liked how he showed his loyalty to her first.
2504	Patchface12	2012-05-22	Episode 10's synopsis said Dany was going to "a strange place." Much as I'd love to see the House of Undying, I don't think Dany's going there. Since we haven't heard of casting for anyone Dany sees in the visions or even the Undying, I'm starting to wonder what they'll do with it.
2505	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Ser Jorah didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t find one good ship; he found Groleo in command of three ships sent from Magister Illyrio and bearing Ser Barristan and Strong Belwas.I suggest that the ship found is not one of those ships from Illyrio, and that Dany wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t meet up wtih Barristan and Belwas until later, perhaps at Astapor.  She would now have no other reason to go to Astapor but for having no choice in it, whereas in the book she was testing things by redirecting their appointed course.
2506	Tourniquet	2012-05-22	No one will know who Barristan is when he shows up, he hasn't been seen since the middle of last season...I doubt non-readers will know who it is.
2507	Darth Pipes	2012-05-22	I suspect the audience will know that it's Barristan ahead of time.  You can't really hide casting information and spoilers are easy to come by.
2508	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	No one will know who Barristan is when he shows up, he hasn't been seen since the middle of last season...I doubt non-readers will know who it is.Not seen since the middle of last season? When do you think he was expelled from the Kingsuard?
2509	Mista C	2012-05-22	I thought that it was in the last episode.
2510	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	I suggest that the ship found is not one of those ships from Illyrio, and that Dany wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t meet up wtih Barristan and Belwas until later.I rather think so, too.  Can't see them launching onto the Selmy stuff now with all the rest that needs to fit into these last two episodes.  And the more distance they can place between his last appearance and his reappearance the better, as I think many will recognize him, even with the disguise, unless he's one amazingly versatile actor.
2511	WardenOfTheSouth	2012-05-22	As much as I want Barristan to come back this season, it just doesn't make sense.  Why try to force him into this season (especially when they're trying to save $$) when they can just wait till next season and have him be a main character.  I think it makes more sense that the HoTU will be Dany's last scene.  the burning building behind her, would be the perfect mirror to how her story ended in season 1.  Blood and ashes....
2512	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure the actor is plenty good; no fears on that account.  But itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still up for grabs how and whether theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll do the disguise thing.All thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s certain is that Ser Barristan without a shred of doubt shall eventually reappear to become part of Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Queensguard.  They arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t name-dropping him for nothing, you know. They want to make sure people remember  him.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 05:21 PM.
2513	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	I thought that it was in the last episode.Quite right, which is precisely why I couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand the â<U+0080><U+009C>middle of the last seasonâ<U+0080><U+009D> bit.
2514	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I swear i thought the next words out of Jorah were going to be
"Its called the Lollipop"
2515	victim	2012-05-23	A friend of mine, who is a non-book reader, knew who Barristan was from the Jaime/Alton scene. A lot of people will recognise him because he is older and quite distinguished. There's also the looming question of "I wonder what happened to that guy."
2516	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	I swear i thought the next words out of Jorah were going to be"Its called the Lollipop"I never get tired of reading your posts, mate.  Good God. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />A friend of mine, who is a non-book reader, knew who Barristan was from the Jaime/Alton scene. A lot of people will recognise him because he is older and quite distinguished. There's also the looming question of "I wonder what happened to that guy."Correct.
2517	BlackTalon	2012-05-23	I do not see why that disguise issue ought be any problem. You see an old man, face covered mostly by a hood, only a white beard visible, he smashes the manticore from Danys hand, kneels before her and then removes the hood, looks up and says "my name is Arstan, I was sent to protect you" ... and millions of viewers look flabbergasted at each other, thinking "holy crap it is that kingsguard guy from season 1 on an undercover mission and Dany doesnÂ´t know it!"
I suspect the viewers will enjoy the knowledge that they are aware of ArstanÂ´s identity (more than just a few will totally miss it, I am sure) while Dany is not even more than the way the reveal was handled in the books. It could really build suspense over several episodes.
2518	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	They better have Strong Belly with Ser Grandfather or I will be visibly upset.  Not that that will do anyone any good or harm, but there you have it.
2519	Willem Blackfyre	2012-05-23	couldnt they just have barristan be the ships captain? groleo and belwas can both be eliminated from the show fairly easily, and having him as the ships captain would be a great way for him to stay present and interact wiht dany but still stay under the radar
2520	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-24	couldnt they just have barristan be the ships captain? groleo and belwas can both be eliminated from the show fairly easily, and having him as the ships captain would be a great way for him to stay present and interact wiht dany but still stay under the radarCommanding men and mastering a ship are normally different jobs; â<U+0080><U+009C>merelyâ<U+0080><U+009D> being Lord Commander of the Kingsguard does not make you qualified to be the shipâ<U+0080><U+0099>s master.   Apart from Davos, I doubt any point of view characters weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen has the sea-going experience to do that.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a highly skilled position, which is why modern nations grant masterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s licences for such purposes.   Now maybe if instead of Ian Má¶<U+009C>Elhinney, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d gotten Russell Crowe to play Ser Barristan . . . <U+00F0><U+009F><U+009A>c 
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 24 May 2012 - 07:13 AM.
2521	Pellaeon	2012-05-24	couldnt they just have barristan be the ships captain? groleo and belwas can both be eliminated from the show fairly easily, and having him as the ships captain would be a great way for him to stay present and interact wiht dany but still stay under the radarWe need Strong Belwas, who else take a dump in front of the slaver city?
2522	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-24	We need Strong Belwas, who else take a dump in front of the slaver city?And which city might that be?  Perhaps there will only be one slaver city.  Or perhaps Dany-Aerysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s odyssey will proceed like this:Season one: Pentos and Vaes DothrakSeason two: QarthSeason three: AstaporSeason four: YunkaiSeason five: MeereenSeason six: MeereenSeason seven: MeereenSeason eight: MeereenSeason nine:  â<U+0099>¬ â<U+0080><U+009C>Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me!â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0099>¬Season ten: the StepstonesSeason eleven: [CANCELLED]
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 24 May 2012 - 08:28 AM.
2523	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-24	Now maybe if instead of Ian Má¶<U+009C>Elhinney, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d gotten Russell Crowe to play Ser Barristan . . .  Hmmmm....a bit too young for Selmy,...  I want to see Geoffrey Rush find a place in Westeros...
2524	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-24	There's also Renly asking about Barristan earlier in the series, I think he was talking to Cat though maybe that was in my head.
Despite the illogic around it I think Barristan is going to turn out to be the Ships captain, in this series or the next. D&D don't seem to care anymore about plot holes as long as it cuts their minor character budget.
2525	Pellaeon	2012-05-24	And which city might that be? Perhaps there will only be one slaver city. Or perhaps Dany-Aerysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s odyssey will proceed like this:Season one: Pentos and Vaes Dothrak Season two: Qarth Season three: Astapor Season four: Yunkai Season five: Meereen Season six: Meereen Season seven: Meereen Season eight: Meereen Season nine: â<U+0099>¬ â<U+0080><U+009C>Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me!â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0099>¬ Season ten: the Stepstones Season eleven: [CANCELLED]I belive it was Yunkai and the series will probably only go to season eight maybe nine
2526	DurararaFTW	2012-05-24	Season ten: the StepstonesWhat an odd way to spell Meereen.
2527	madman2711	2012-05-24	It is known 
Danny must go to asshai and valyria
2528	Arkash	2012-05-24	What an odd way to spell Meereen.Hahahahaha, you killed me with that one! ^^
2529	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Any more of this cutting Strong Belwas talk and there's gonna be a revolt
2530	Arkash	2012-05-25	Honestly, it wouldnt bother me if Strong Belwas was cut, he's not a really important character, quite useless apart from some moments, so, well...
2531	madman2711	2012-05-25	Strong belwas vs some impossible name hero of merreen who pisses in front of danny and her khalasar
SB kills him after he lets the hero cut him once beheads him and the shits at the city defenders as they fire arrows at him
Just epic television gold moment for me
2532	madman2711	2012-05-25	Wtf is this double post 
Triple i dont get this
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 25 May 2012 - 02:46 PM.
2533	madman2711	2012-05-25	He is a verry funny guy also arstan and belwas dialogues are as funny as bronn vs tyrion or tyrion vs mountain clans
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 25 May 2012 - 02:45 PM.
2534	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Honestly, it wouldnt bother me if Strong Belwas was cut, he's not a really important character, quite useless apart from some moments, so, well...Strong belwas is the biggest badass in the entire series.
2535	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	Any more of this cutting Strong Belwas talk and there's gonna be a revoltStrong Belwas always lets his enemies cut him once before defeating them.I imagine Strong will each some liver and onions after defeating D&D
2536	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Strong Belwas always lets his enemies cut him once before defeating them.I imagine Strong will each some liver and onions after defeating D&DAnd his big ass did a barrrel rool avoiding an opponent on horseback and killed the champion of mereen amd his horse in 2 strikes.  He's my #1 pfp fighter is SoIaF.
2537	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Strong Belwas always lets his enemies cut him once before defeating them.I imagine Strong will each some liver and onions after defeating D&DAnd his big ass did a barrrel rolll avoiding an opponent on horseback and killed the champion of mereen and his horse in 2 strikes.  He's my #1 pfp fighter is SoIaF.
2538	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Strong Belwas always lets his enemies cut him once before defeating them.I imagine Strong will each some liver and onions after defeating D&DAnd his big ass did a barrrel rolll avoiding an opponent on horseback and killed the champion of mereen and his horse in 2 strikes.  He's my #1 pfp fighter is SoIaF.
2539	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-25	Please stop triple-posting.Please stop triple-posting.Please stop triple-posting.Now, what the hell is â<U+0080><U+009C>pfpâ<U+0080><U+009D> supposed to mean?
2540	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Please stop triple-posting.Please stop triple-posting.Please stop triple-posting.Now, what the hell is Â<U+0093>pfpÂ<U+0094> supposed to mean?Didnt do it on purpose. This site isnt exactly consistent.  Pfp means pound for pound.  Popular boxing analogy.
2541	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-25	Pfp means pound for pound.  Popular boxing analogy.Then for heavenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sake write that!Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hard enough without all these YANETUT initialisms and acronyms and anachronyms.Imagine, and show some compassion for, people here whose first language isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t English (there are lots of those on this site),  or who donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get into your particular pet past-times (even more of those, I assure you).
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 25 May 2012 - 10:28 PM.
2542	madman2711	2012-05-26	Then for heavenÂ<U+0092>s sake write that!ItÂ<U+0092>s hard enough without all these YANETUT initialisms and acronyms and anachronyms.Imagine, and show some compassion for, people here whose first language isnÂ<U+0092>t English (there are lots of those on this site),  or who donÂ<U+0092>t get into your particular pet past-times (even more of those, I assure you).Thank you i am such a person and some of the acronymes are not that obvious
2543	Hodor Hodor!	2012-05-29	Barristan will have to be in disguise won't he.  Jorah has already confirmed he's found a good ship. If Barristan was on that ship and out of disguise, I doubt Jorah would recommend it, given how much he distrusts the guy (and everyone in general).
2544	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	In the spirit of it being better to light a single candle than to  rage against the darkness, this thread is for pointing out all the nifty cool things you liked about the episode.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not for complaining or cursing or crying.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not for nitpicking or gnashing of teeth. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not for whining, bitching, and moaning at HBO or its writers. This is a no-ranting thread.  If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what you want, please look elsewhere; Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll have no trouble finding plenty of other threads for that sort of negativity and vitriol.This one is for praise, for appreciation, for excitement,  for pleasure.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s strictly about what you enjoyed, stuff that made you grin, smile, laugh, cheer, clap your house, or jump up and shout Huzzah!Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll start...The chemistry between Jaime and Brienne is wonderful. You can really see their journey together will be marvelous. I love Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s wit, and Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stubbornness.The subtle little touch that Brienne not Jaime was the  one with  white horse was neat.  It showed that she, not the erstwhile bearer of the white cloak, is the white knight in this relationship.I loved Arya being able be a fly on the wall for Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s deliberations.  And while weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re there: Ser Kevan! Ser Kevan!  Need I say more?I want an all-Varys show. He so rocks. Watch that manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s face! And he managed to never  answer Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s question about what Varys realy wants.  Tyrion bonding with Varys was great.  Just watch Varysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s facial expressions. Delightful.  I really laughed when Varys trying to imagine the Mad Kingletâ<U+0080><U+0099>s boasts. Precious.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m glad Bronnâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lack of goldcloak garb was finally explained.Horses, horses, horses!  And Tywin can even get on one without falling off.  I love all the horses.  Now we know where the horse budget went.  Guess we wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be getting Stonehenge this season.The Lord of Bones was done a lot better than I was afraid heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be.Robb and Cat were really good. I like Robb growing up, and I love Michelle Fairleyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s acting.   She really does have the acting chops for the rA´le.Jaqen was good as always. Sure, maybe he seemed  a bit less than omnipotent this time around, but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still awesome. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for his on-screen shapechange in the last episode.Robb and JeyneTalissa were good, a lot better than in the book. This really needed to happen; the bookâ<U+0080><U+0099>s whole post-facto uxor ex machina thing just never worked for me, but this did. You can tell sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hiding a lot in her expressions; quality acting work there. Finally some sex that isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t quasi-rape! Havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seen two people actually enjoying each other since Loras and Renly, which was like the only other time itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seemed genuine.It was refreshing to see some humanity from Asha for her baby brother.Dragonglass!  Hurray!  And the horn: wow just wow. We now  know with certainty that the horn that Sam found with the obsidian weaponry has some important plot-related meaning beyond just this the episode. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s therefore a clue for parts of the books yet to come.  The camera work was good; lots of nice backgrounds, integrated VFX, and natural lighting.  Great location work here.The music was just right, not intrusive. I think I miss Marillion. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for Mance â<U+0080><U+0094> and Abel. Does anybody have the various leitmotifs isolated yet?Yay Pod, and with Ser Mandon, no less!  Pod even laughed at Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s jest.Stannis is awesome. Great chemistry here too. Liam really brings  Davos to life.  This is the Stannis who was meant to be, the one Martin called the nearest thing to a hero the series has. Shame about the cats, though.Jaime has a cute American accent, sometimes. And Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s is improving, too.It was lovely to see Cersei rising to her level of incompetence, and overreaching. Lena Headey has quite a range as an actress. You can see why she got the rA´le.Nice name-drop of Astapor.  Good to see Dany being tender with her bear after sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>d so berated him last episode.  He deserved it, and he got it.  Thinking about Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s three warriors who might be able to best him in combat was a fun thing to ponder.The Mad Kinglet  was totally hilarious.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d best have a change of plastic underpants ready. Make that two. How nobody can laugh at him I have no idea; I certainly did.I felt real sympathy for  poor Ros: Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget me, indeed; almost an in-joke there. The actress did well here. Just the right amount of her, too, and it served the plot.And Luwin! I nearly cried tears of joy. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take Luwinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life in exchange for early appearances of the spaced-out swamp-twins any day.Tyrion was so convincing with Shae, so tender. Sansa will be so lucky, even if she doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t realize it.Bran there in the dark, secretly alert and aware of whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really going on around him.  This is a continuation of his very earliest characterization, where he liked to be above everything, unseen but intent on following them.I wonder whether Hodor actually Hodors in his sleep?  Prolly. Betcha he could Hodor to wake the dead, too, which considering where they are, might not be such a bad idea after all.
2545	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	theona and the winterfell storyline has been an exellent adaptation throughout the season
2546	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-22	Stannis gruff delivery of the line "I like dogs."
It was just so perfect /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2547	Rapsie	2012-05-22	Brienne and Jaime were fantastic and I really can't wait to see more of them. 
Overall I think they have done Winterfell and Theon's arc there really well. Yara was very good.
Varys, we've missed you! 
Also Stannis was good with the Storm's End explanation.
2548	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-22	I've been very impressed by the humour that they've managed to inject into the series without being obvious or slapstick all the time. (OK the Lannister guard tricking his friend and farting was pure slapstick but that was absolutely hilarious and the kind of thing a guy would do to his friend.)
2549	sennahoj	2012-05-22	there were many small things I liked about this episode. First would be Asha/yara revealing a side to her character we haven't seen so far, namely that she does care for Theon. That was a great performance from both actors.
Second is Arya at Tywin's war council. It is not only a great way for the viewer to get a bigger picture of the war, it also shows us more of the relationship between Arya and Tywin. She smiles after Tywin praises her for being a good servant. I liked that a lot. And despite the fact that Arya seems to have some affection for this ersatz-fatherfigure, she wants him killed because of Tywin's battle plans of which she just learned.
Third, I liked that most of the Tyrion/Cersei dialogue was directly from the book. I had just reread the exact chapter yesterday. It was great to have those lines on the show.
To the OP, good idea to open this thread as a counterweight to the nitpicking one.
2550	LiamBridge	2012-05-22	I loved Tyrion's comments about the gods, and wishing there was a god of tits and wine.
2551	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	The actress playing Brienne is so perfect. 
I CAN'T WAIT for Roose to go full blown cunning devious Roose, they are building that up very well IMO and the actor is an excellent cast. 
My favorite book/tv show adjustments have been how the Reeds/Bran were handled and how Arya/Gendry/Hot pie were handled.  Excellent, brilliant adjustments.  I was pleasantly surprised that Bran&co doubled back to hide in the crypts. 
The actors playing Joff, Theon, and Varys continue to NAIL every scene.
2552	Sheep the Evicted	2012-05-22	I actually liked this adaptation of Theon and Winterfell too. Also IMO Lena Heady is a fantastic actress, a real pleasure to watch.
Also Hot Pie is by far my favourite secondary character on the show. Not sure why but he's just awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Sheep the Evicted, 22 May 2012 - 08:56 AM.
2553	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	I like how Talisa was introduced as a way to begin to introduce more aspects of Essos culture.  There's more to what going on than Dany's arc. 
I have no problem with the Talisa/Jayne change, as long as it comes out later that she was a plant to sabotage Robb
2554	Thwacker	2012-05-22	I have really enjoyed the scenes north of the wall since Ygritte appeared. I really think her increased role improves the story line. 
I also think pretty much all of the Essos scenes are better on the show than in the book. 
I also don't miss Jojen and Meera and think Osha is a suitable replacement for at least the escape and perhaps some of the journey.  
I continue to think that Talisa is a Lannister spy/plant which will eventually play a big role in the RW.
2555	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I loved Tyrion's comments about the gods, and wishing there was a god of tits and wine.and for varys for having knowledge of said god
2556	iheartseverus	2012-05-22	Good thread idea and great title, OP!My favorite example of how good this show is, is from over at TWoP.  The Unsullied (non book-readers) were speculating about what kind of king Stannis would be.  And one poster commented that if Stannis did make Davos his Hand, Stannis would likely insist that some of the fingers on the Hand's pin would have to be removed.  I cracked up laughing to read that, plus its the perfect illustration of just how spot-on the Stannis character is being portrayed.  Excellent characterization.
2557	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	Glad you opened this thread, CrypticWeirwood.  Also glad I thought of it... /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Can't bloody wait for Blackwater.  Watched that preview as many times as I could find it.  Brilliant.I don't really miss the Reeds, either, though I really thought I would.  Maisie...fantastic.  Amazing how she catches Arya's....everything.  Though I have many issues with the writing for her, she is Arya Stark.I think you may be one of the only people who've mentioned it, but Michelle Fairly brings it as Catelyn.  I actually respect her and enjoy watching her scenes, which is more than I could ever say for Book Cat (why doesn't she die- really die- already???  But I digress...) This is the Stannis who was meant to be, the one Martin called the nearest thing to a hero the series has.Haylz yeah.The Mad KingletFunny, but further.... do I detect you share the theory regarding Jaime/Cersei's true father??Sansa will be so lucky, even if she doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t realize it.I keep saying this on the forum but most people don't want to believe me.I wonder whether Hodor actually Hodors in his sleep? Prolly. Betcha he could Hodor to wake the dead, too, which considering where they are, might not be such a bad idea after all. Brilliant mate.
2558	Cressit	2012-05-22	LOVED the scene between Yara and Asha and her story of how he stopped howling as a baby when she looked down at him. I immediately thought of the horrible way Cersei treated Tyrion in his cradle.  Yara/Asha really doesn't want Theon to fail and die so far from the sea because she really does feel some bond with him.
Arya's little "what ever" shrug when Jaqen says a girl is without honor -- God I love Maisie's acting. 
The landscapes in the north are stunning - it's great if you can see the extra bits on HBOGO when you see the behind the scenes of how they film in Iceland on a frozen lake.
I was filled with hope when I heard hammering when Varys and Tyrion were touring the city walls being prepared for battle.  I'm hoping that means there will be a chain Tyrion can take credit for.
The Bronn-Tyrion-Varys show is priceless.  
Stannis was AMAZING. His delivery is just how I read his voice in the books. Deadpan and hilarious while still being completely logical.
2559	Lexicdark	2012-05-22	Also Stannis was good with the Storm's End explanation.Agreed!  I was wondering if non-book people ever really understood why Renly had the Baratheon seat and Stannis didn't.  A very good way to explain that, and let some of his bitterness about it show.  It wasn't over whelming, but I thought that there was tone of bitterness conveyved.Tyrion and Bronn sitting at the table trying to figure out how to save the city.  And Bronn couldn't have looked more bored.  Tyrion's complete 180 on the theives being arrested made me laugh.  At first he was going to get all high and mighty, then Bronn explains everything, and suddenly it doesn't seem so bad.  Good little bit of comedy there.
2560	protar	2012-05-22	Varys is back! Stannis is back! HOT PIE IS BACK!I almost liked that first scene with Talisa and Robb. The callback to Season/book 1 was cool.Dragonglass!Qhorin mentions the oathbreaking ploy to Jon rather than Jon just falling for Ygritte as I feared. His story is only partially ruined.Jaime and Brienne were classic, wish there was more.
2561	teemo	2012-05-22	I was really glad to see Varys and Conleth Hill is awesome.
I like seeing more of Roose Bolton and every time I hear him mention his bastard I get so excited!
I am so glad that Sam found the cache.
Cersei finally showed some evilness to her.  
Asha was actually GOOD.  Wow.  
The very best was Jaime/Brienne - hilarious.
2562	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Glad you opened this thread, CrypticWeirwood.I tried to open one just like this either last week or the week before, too, but the forum software coughed and spat up, and I hadnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t saved a local copy but didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have the oomp to tippy-type it all back in again.Subtle and quick to answer is the forum software, for you taste good and are crunchy in milk, or whatever it was that Gildor Inglorion once said.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 11:50 AM.
2563	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	[regarding the Mad Kinglet]Funny, but further.... do I detect you share the theory regarding Jaime/Cersei's true father?? I keep saying this on the forum but most people don't want to believe me. Brilliant mate.Not especially, although I suppose anything is possible with Martin. I just apply the principles of duck typing and come up with a duck.  You know, â<U+0080><U+009C>walks like a duck, talks like a duckâ<U+0080><U+009D>. Joffers acts like Aerys. Doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mean he has to be related to Aerys any moreso than being related to Aerys would necesssarily make that someone have to act like Aerys. But both are possible.In any event, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s duck. Shall we test to see whether he floats? : )
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 24 May 2012 - 07:09 PM.
2564	kephv	2012-05-22	Some highlights for me:  
I loved the scene between the girl without honor and Hot Pie. "Where!" *Arya pulls Hot Pie's ears*. Awesome.
Jaime/Brienne made off to a good start.
The trio Varys, Bronn, and Tyrion.
2565	Fat Mac	2012-05-22	Kevan Lannister coming back excited me. He plays a pretty crucial part later and I'm glad they're filtering him in.
I enjoyed the Theon/Yara scene a lot
I'm also glad Dany was also only in like 3 minutes. Still too much but I'll take it.
2566	FantA´me	2012-05-22	Stannis was hilarious .Glad they explained the siege of Storm's end and how he resents Robert for giving it to Renly.
I loved the scene with Asha and Theon.
I didn't expect a line such as Danny's one about her dragons being the only children she'll ever have to move me but it did.
5 seconds of Bran but I loved them.
2567	chinchalinchin	2012-05-22	This show probably has the best casting of any other show/movie/anything to ever exist. Almost all of the characters on the show have become the characters I imagine when reading the book. Even down to the bit roles like Hot Pie. The acting is just, well, incredible. Freakin' Peter Dinklage is owning Tyrion. It was the role he was made to play. Same goes for Maisie Williams. How they will ever break out of these roles once the show is over, I have no idea.
2568	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	This show probably has the best casting of any other show/movie/anything to ever exist. Almost all of the characters on the show have become the characters I imagine when reading the book. Even down to the bit roles like Hot Pie. The acting is just, well, incredible. Freakin' Peter Dinklage is owning Tyrion. It was the role he was made to play. Same goes for Maisie Williams. How they will ever break out of these roles once the show is over, I have no idea.Oh, I shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worry about Peter: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure heâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll make short work of every rA´le thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s thrown at him.
2569	Patchface12	2012-05-22	I actually think Jon and Dany's storyline's are going in a more believable direction than in the books
I loved Jaime and Brienne, I think they match their book counterparts to a tee
2570	protar	2012-05-22	I actually think Jon and Dany's storyline's are going in a more believable direction than in the books I loved Jaime and Brienne, I think they match their book counterparts to a teeCare to elaborate perhaps?
2571	teemo	2012-05-22	Care to elaborate perhaps?yes, please.
2572	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	Roose Bolton, ladies and gentlemen.  He is comedy gold.  I want to see some leeches.  Have we seen leeches yet? 
Jaime and Brienne are so perfect.  Again, I want to hear him call her wench.  Get to it already!  I was surprised to go back and re-read his early POVs in Storm of Swords and to see how buoyant they were, how exhilarated he was to be out of his dungeon, how much pure fun he was having.  It is amazing the transition in voice and tone that happens in his POVs once his hand is cut off, which is where I usually start re-reading.  He is capturing that early spiritedness so perfectly, it will be interesting to see the transition in demeanor happen on screen and I can't wait to watch their relationship change slowly step by step. 
Cercei and Tyrion's interactions are gold.
2573	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	Care to elaborate perhaps?yes yes.........
2574	Morvran	2012-05-22	Pod's snicker at Tyrion's jest made my night.
I've been underwhelmed by HBO's Asha (Yara) mainly b/c of the actress's portrayal, but I loved her scene this week.  
The Lord of Bones....it was great to see him on the screen (though he's not what I pictured.  Too big.  He should be 'surprisingly strong' later in the series).
Love Brienne's actress, and finally getting to see her with Jaime was great.  They show promise.
Edit:  and how could I forget Robb and Talisa?  I'm in the minority camp (it seems) who's willing to tolerate a little love story for Robb, implausible as much of it may be.  I'm glad that he's now betraying his vow for actual love, and I don't mind seeing it.  I didn't care much for her backstory, but the scene worked for me.
					
					
							Edited by Morvran, 22 May 2012 - 03:26 PM.
2575	Davos55	2012-05-22	Nice idea for a thread..props to you Cryptic for making it happen!
Roose Bolton is amazing..I can't wait to see more of him.
Hot Pie and Varys both returned which was awesome.
They figured out a way to use Ros in a legitimate, meaningful scene.
Asha was good this episode and Theon's storyline continues to be the highlight of the season for me!
The Blackwater is on Sunday.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 22 May 2012 - 03:25 PM.
2576	Warden of the North121	2012-05-22	I actually think Jon and Dany's storyline's are going in a more believable direction than in the books I loved Jaime and Brienne, I think they match their book counterparts to a teeYou may be onto something regarding Jon's scenes. It seems like they're making him out to be a bit of a tool this season but maybe he'll use all these slip ups as a growing experience that will help him in outsmarting the wildlings next season. It makes for better TV I suppose to have him do some growing rather than already being grown and pretty mature like in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 22 May 2012 - 03:31 PM.
2577	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	Thank you for starting this thread, CrypticWeirwood!
I loved Jaime and Brienne. Cannot wait to see more of them and for him to call her "wench".
Lots of actors are very good. I love Arya in her conversations with Jaqen and when she realises she is too late to kill Tywin. Also Catelyn's actress is perfect.
I love Brandon and the fact that someone remembered there is a Rickon Stark somewehere. Hodor and Rickon just sleeping calmly with Brandon listening to Luwin ... heart-wrenching. So Brandon-y.
Ros finally found a purpose in the plot! Gods be praised!
What I also like about the series is that most actors speak clearly enough for non-native English speakers to understand. I can understand mostly anything anyone says, only have problems with Robb sometimes and cannot for my life understand anything from Dolorous Edd's  mouth. But the rest, I love them for sepaking clearly.
2578	protar	2012-05-22	You may be onto something regarding Jon's scenes. It seems like they're making him out to be a bit of a tool this season but maybe he'll use all these slip ups as a growing experience that will help him in outsmarting the wildlings next season. It makes for better TV I suppose to have him do some growing rather than already being grown and pretty mature like in the books.We already got that in Season/Book 1 though. Would've been better to take it in the direction it went in the books, with him learning how to cope in an actual dangerous situation. But then I'm not supposed to be nitpicking here. I am at the very least glad that Jon and Qhorin are back together.
2579	WinterfellRose	2012-05-22	Jamie + Brienne are off to a good start.....enjoyed that.I did not expect to see Kevan Lannister this season, so I was pleasantly surprised he made an appearance.Pod chuckling - great moment.Dragonglass! I was afraid we'll not see it this season.But the absolute highlight for me was Tyrion - Varys - Bronn show, I swear I could watch a whole episode just with those three. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> And ever since I realized who the actor playing Bronn actually is (was a bit slow on that one) I kind of wish Bronn could sing a song on the show! /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />'In the Summer Isles they worship a fertility God with sixteen teats.' 'We should sail there immediately.' - Pure Gold! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2580	RL Terrill	2012-05-22	You may be onto something regarding Jon's scenes. It seems like they're making him out to be a bit of a tool this season but maybe he'll use all these slip ups as a growing experience that will help him in outsmarting the wildlings next season. It makes for better TV I suppose to have him do some growing rather than already being grown and pretty mature like in the books.I also think that he has been written as a boy growing into a man, as evidenced in his remark to the Halfhand that the other rangers died because of his failing to kill Ygriett. He is growing ..... I really like the Jon Snow story.
2581	Howdyphillip	2012-05-22	First off.... Bravo for this thread !!!!
Those two spaces in between the lines was me giving you a standing ovation. This is the best fantasy television series of all time, and it deserves praise.
Any episode that features Hot Pie and Gendry is awesome throw Maise, who I believe will be the best supporting actress in the emmys this year and it is television Gold.
Charles Dance is a bad ass.. Tywin Lannister comes to life in his role.
Delorus Edd, Samwell, and the cache that included the horn. I think that this just might be the horn that blows down the wall.
Tyrion's reaction to Ros... perfect reaction
Varys is Colenth Hill. His banter with Peter M##$%RF$%#ING Dinkledge was great.
Joffery talking about giving a red smile to Stannis right after we hear about Stannis being such a bad ass he ate dogs. It looked like it took everything for Varys and Tyrion not to just burst out laughing.
Davos and the story of the onion knight. I was afraid they were going to skip that story. I had already told it to my friends who hadn't read the books and are watching the show with me.
The score is world class and worthy of an epic motion picture.
2582	sagaz	2012-05-22	I liked this episode very much.I think the talent is amazing. I was laughing out loud with the Tyrion and Varys scenes, the one with Bronn ("I like to have my hands clean") and the one with Joffrey (the face of Jack Gleeson is gold "I'll put a smile on his face"...what an idiot!!!)I discussed it in another thread, but I really liked Madden performance in "the love scene" he totally sold Robb infatuation. (I love good acting!), and Oona Chaplin surprised me in the earlier scene when they were walking "sharing a moment" and were interrupted...her upsetting was good.'In the Summer Isles they worship a fertility God with sixteen teats.' 'We should sail there immediately.' - Pure Gold! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I also think that he has been written as a boy growing into a man, as evidenced in his remark to the Halfhand that the other rangers died because of his failing to kill Ygriett. He is growing ..... I really like the Jon Snow story.and also he's following Mormont's counsel in an earlier episode "you want to command, first learn to follow"@CrypticW thank you for this thread!!edit: "council" for "counsel" (no native speaker...sorry!!!)
					
					
							Edited by sagaz, 24 May 2012 - 07:25 PM.
2583	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	The trio Varys, Bronn, and Tyrion.Make mine a VBT* sandwich any day of the week! They really are a joy and a delight, now arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they?  I love how natural they sound, Varys and Bronn always, and Tyrion usually, instead of sounding like actors just delivering lines theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been waiting to say.  This is something you get from good character actors like Tywin and Davos as well.  Sure, it isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t always like that with a few of that cast, but give them time. I love the art these actors bring to their craft.*VBT = Vegemite, Bacon, and Tomahto, of course. ; }
2584	Ser Hippie	2012-05-22	One thing I liked about the Varys/Bronn/Tyrion scene is how Varys seems to appear from nowhere in the background
2585	Reposado	2012-05-22	unqualified cheers for the shoot locations in iceland. absolutely breathtaking
the sets have been the biggest strength throughout the series, but north of the wall is just amazing
2586	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	unqualified cheers for the shoot locations in iceland. absolutely breathtakingthe sets have been the biggest strength throughout the series, but north of the wall is just amazingThere really is no substitute for location shooting, but gosh is it ever expensive!If you ever watched the delightfully inspired Blackadder comedy series, the first season was all shot on location, full of horses and castles, and it nearly bankrupted them.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why the rest of them were all studio productions only, with the exception of the very expensive millennium special.Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re really lucky to have so much money available for this show.  Even so, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still horses-vs-Stonehenge.  I imagine that some of the reasons itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shot where it is is economic ones.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like how using New Zealand for the home of the Lord of the Rings was a whole lot cheaper than basing it in Hollywood or London. It made the money they had stretch further and better.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure the same is true here. I think there must be some highly non-trivial tax breaks involved, but donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know any details; itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just a hunch.That said, I am afraid that Iceland may have been our Stonehenge. Just the harsh conditions alone are going to incur costs you wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see in Malta or Morocco.  I bet thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a MacDonalds in Malta. : }
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 May 2012 - 05:17 PM.
2587	sennahoj	2012-05-22	unqualified cheers for the shoot locations in iceland. absolutely breathtaking the sets have been the biggest strength throughout the series, but north of the wall is just amazingI second that. And I want to add some cheers for the location shoots in Croatia. I couldn't tell the sets apart from the actual medieval architecture already there. Splendid.
2588	RL Terrill	2012-05-22	The costuming is brilliance in and of itself for the whole series so far. Watching the very first episode my son and I turned to each other and gave a huge AWESOME when we realized how the Stark cloaks were fastened ( with the leather straps crossed over the chest ). The shear rightness of it was just so wonderful. I love all the details that each scene has. In this episode Talisa having to unlace all that lacing on Robb's coat, such a little thing that the writers could have avoided by another simpler costuming choice, but it gave a funny touching aspect to the scene. Wonderful.
GoT is indeed a great, great production for which I am so very thankful for. It is so gratifying to see a story played out with such a deft and caring hand.
2589	House Snow	2012-05-22	Loved the Stannis scene, wish there had been something similar in the beginning of the show.
Add me to the list that likes a lot of the changes they have made to characters, specifically making Jon and Dany less perfect then they were at this point in the book. Makes for better character evolution IMO
2590	bardgal	2012-05-22	Thank you so much for this thread. 
I loved the whole episode.
I hope that when Jaqen changes, they can do it in a way that they keep the same actor. Change the hair, give him the hook nose and gold tooth - but keep Tom Wlaschiha!!!
2591	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	The costuming is brilliance in and of itself for the whole series so far.I really want some of those costumes.  Joffrey is always dressed like  The Little Prince gone bad. Varys  is always in a foofy dressing gown / bathrobe / house coat.  Littlefinger is always neat and tidy. Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dresses are elegant, and Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s are getting positively exotic: in Qarth she looks like a real superhero(ine), doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t she?But the stuff I really want to get my hands on is Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s elegant long coats. Those are just so cool!
2592	The Monkey	2012-05-22	I love that Stephen Dillane is finally Stannis. Took him half the season to find the role, but the scene between him and Davos was amazing.
Jaime & Brienne is building up to be the best road trip in TV history!
Loved Arya's shrug after Jaqen told him she has no honour.
I continue to be mesmerized by Isaac Hempstead-Wright's performance as Bran. The last shot of him in the crypts were heart-breaking.
2593	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-22	Far too many great things in this episode for me to name, and others have covered it adequately.  I'll content myself with a bit of selfishness.  I've noted on other threads that some scenes seem to be 'dark' (as in lighting) on the TV - I think CW mentioned that you have to have an HD set or something.  Thanks be to the Old Gods, I do own an HD set, and I have to say that on my TV the lighting this season for the interiors at King's Landing has been bloody breathtaking!  Really authentic candlelight.  Truly, it's been a thing of beauty.It's tiny things like this I love, as much as the acting.  The beautiful visual details; the work that has gone into costumes; the mesmerising exteriors in Iceland. And there may be one or two dashingly handsome guys on the show, but if I could have Conleth Hill on one arm and Stephen Dillane on the other, I'd be a very happy woman.  I've loved them both since they first stepped onto the stage screen.  Beautiful, subtle acting will get me every time.I didn't have a gripe with anyone in this last episode, and I'm another Michelle Fairley fan. She can do no wrong for me, I'm afraid.Are there only two episodes to go? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2594	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-22	Thank you so much for this thread. I loved the whole episode. I hope that when Jaqen changes, they can do it in a way that they keep the same actor. Change the hair, give him the hook nose and gold tooth - but keep Tom Wlaschiha!!!Don't laugh or shout at me, guys - but you know what I would LOVE?  With the show making so many changes, one change I really would scream with joy about would be if Jaquen passes a hand over his face to reveal......a certain swordsman from Braavos.  Just indulge my little fantasy - I know it's not going to happen.
2595	House Snow	2012-05-22	LOL if they did that, Drogon Personal Trainer, every GOT related forum would crash for a week.
2596	iheartseverus	2012-05-22	HA!  If that happened, they'd hear me squeeeing all the way from here to Hollywood, to Ireland, to Iceland.  And back again!
2597	Warden of the North121	2012-05-22	Don't laugh or shout at me, guys - but you know what I would LOVE?  With the show making so many changes, one change I really would scream with joy about would be if Jaquen passes a hand over his face to reveal......a certain swordsman from Braavos.  Just indulge my little fantasy - I know it's not going to happen.I would love this lol. Imagine if both that and Dagmer revealing to be Ramsay were in the finale. This forum might suffer a nuclear meltdown.
2598	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	I was against the Dagmar-Ramsay thing at first but a part of me wants it to happen so I can see the wildfire grade fireworks explosion!
2599	Superior Glokta	2012-05-22	Stannis admits to not being a cat person...
2600	summer_stark	2012-05-22	probably everything has been said.  although i had plenty of complaints about this one, i like your thinking in doing an all praise thread -- and there is plenty to praise about this episode:
1) brienne &amp; jaime -- "you're much uglier in daylight"  friggin hysterical.
2) yara's private talk with theon -- super good.  touching, and nice to see her show emotion for theon.
3) theon trying to make dagmer pay off the millers -- sort of makes you feel almost bad for his terrible decision making
4) theon finally standing up to dagmer re: burying the bodies -- when dagmer says to keep em up a few days longer, i loved theon's response -- forceful and finally an independent thought!
5) jaqen.  period.  "please"  lol so good.  and though i was disappointed w/arya's storyline, i did love the bamf-ness of him killing and propping up the guards.  awesome.
6) arya grabbing hot pie's face to find jaqen - lol.
7) tyrion &amp; varys conversation, esp w/joffrey -- imagine stannis' terror.  i'm trying. HAH. 
8) tyrion finally showing how much he loves shae.
9) tyrion/cersei scene -- such a great scene all around -- esp tyrion's controlled emotions - fear, relief, rage.
10) bran and co in the crypts!  yay! 
11) stannis' onion story -- finally some background on the onion knight -- and loved the description of the siege of storm's end.
12) ygritte saving jon's life and then saying they're even.  rattleshirt's get-up
13) bran's face at the end.
14) bronn's description of thieves in a siege, and his implication that he killed the thieves, instead of coming out and saying it --
15) arya's shrug when jaqen tells her she has no honor.  FIST PUMP!
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 25 May 2012 - 01:25 AM.
2601	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I have been a vocal critic but that is a. because I am such a big fan of the books and season 1 and b. have way too much time on my hand.  If I didnt love the series I wouldnt be spending my time here picking out errors in interpretation!
All that being said, I must say that the series is very good entertainment and I am thrilled that HBO is making a serious Fantasy show with broad appeal.  That is something that has been missing from the world of entertainment and so rich for exploration.
Ignoring all the nitpicks, HBO has done a great job of bringing GRRMs work to life, the characters, the costumes the sets, the dialogue (for the most part) is true to the source.  It is truly a magnificent and ambitious project.
The casting was perfection in season 1 and while I have some quibbles with the casting in season 2, it has also been near perfect.  Melisandre is straight out of my head!
The acting has been universally superb, breathing life into all teh characters with the obvious standouts of Tyrion, Cersei, Catelyn, Varys, Arya, Tywin, Sansa, to name just a few.
2602	chinchalinchin	2012-05-22	There really is no substitute for location shooting, but gosh is it ever expensive! If you ever watched the delightfully inspired Blackadder comedy series, the first season was all shot on location, full of horses and castles, and it nearly bankrupted them. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why the rest of them were all studio productions only, with the exception of the very expensive millennium special. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re really lucky to have so much money available for this show. Even so, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still horses-vs-Stonehenge. I imagine that some of the reasons itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shot where it is is economic ones. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like how using New Zealand for the home of the Lord of the Rings was a whole lot cheaper than basing it in Hollywood or London. It made the money they had stretch further and better.   Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure the same is true here. I think there must be some highly non-trivial tax breaks involved, but donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know any details; itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just a hunch. That said, I am afraid that Iceland may have been our Stonehenge. Just the harsh conditions alone are going to incur costs you wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see in Malta or Morocco. I bet thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a MacDonalds in Malta. : }I'm glad someone understands this. I read people continually bitching about not seeing direwolves every episode or the lack of battles or dragons not being perpetually perched on Dany's shoulder. While, it's true, I would have loved to have seen the Battle of Whispering Wood or see Drogon spit a nasty fireball every other episode, I totally understand why this not possible.I read interviews with D&D and they seem geniunely saddened at not being able to bring Martin's masterpiece to life they way want to. But, seriously, those dudes are doing an amazing job and should be given wet, sloppy blowjobs by all ASOIAF fans (myself excluded of course) for bringing this much determination to rendering his stories faithfully.
2603	ViennaGirl	2012-05-22	love Asha/Yara. different from the books, but I LOVE how the actress is playing her.
Rattleshirt was awesome.
Bronn is perfect.
Happy the Jon plotline looks to be headed back in the right direction.
2604	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	CERSEI: Odd little boy.TYRION: I have a certain sympathy for odd little boys.CERSEI: You and Varys, both.â<U+008B>®â<U+008B>®â<U+008B>®TYRION: Why are you smiling?CERSEI: Because Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m happy.TYRION: Why are you happy? CERSEI: Because I have your little whore.TYRION: I thought you preferred blonds.Ah yes, both Jaime and Lancel are blonds, arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they?  Hey now, anybody wanna bet me on Osmund Kettleblack and Moon Boy? ; }
2605	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	Ah yes, both Jaime and Lancel are blonds, arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t they?  Hey now, anybody wanna bet me on Osmund Kettleblack and Moon Boy? ; }Let us not forget Jaime's somewhat gross reflections on Osmund Kettleblack's wiry black pubic hair, if I remember correctly, as seen when they were in the bathhouse together.  A Kingsguardman has no secrets from his Brothers.  I see Moon Boy as balding and fat.
2606	House Snow	2012-05-22	I forgot Rattleshirt.  Really like the low key nonchalant/disgruntled/whatever way he was played.   I laughed the way he said gut him.
2607	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Let us not forget Jaime's somewhat gross reflections on Osmund Kettleblack's wiry black pubic hair, if I remember correctly, as seen when they were in the bathhouse together.  A Kingsguardman has no secrets from his Brothers.  I see Moon Boy as balding and fat.Hair above seldom matches hair below, my lady, and many a wiry dark merkin is topped with a crown of gold. I know this, for I have seen it myself.
2608	towerofjoy	2012-05-22	1. Stephen Dillane OWNS Stannis - he captures the stoicism, bitterness and "iron" nature perfectly. "Never liked cats, so fine..."
2. Dolores Edd is perfect. "Great rangers don't last long. Shit ones neither." All while shoveling away morosely.
3. Yara and Theon were fantastic. "We loved our mother and both endured our father... Don't die so far from the sea baby brother."
4. So looking forward to the Kingslayer and the Wench! They're off to a great start. "Have you known any men? Women? Horses?"
5. Jaqen and Arya = a shame it is about over. Arya has seen first-hand what honor gets you.
2609	summer_stark	2012-05-22	oh and bronn and tyrion's discussion re: wearing a gold cloak -- glad they explained that one -- and funny too.
dolorus edd: i always imagined m'self doing something worse
grenn: digging latrine piss at the end of the world...i cant imagine anything much worse
edd: you lack imagination /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 25 May 2012 - 01:25 AM.
2610	Jolene Brown	2012-05-23	Hair above seldom matches hair below, my lady, and many a wiry dark merkin is topped with a crown of gold. I know this, for I have seen it myself.But Jaime specifies the "coarser thatch between his leg," which he describes as "black wire", and the black hair on his chest.  By deductive reasoning we can presume that the hair on his head is also black.  It would be too strange if it was black everywhere else and gold on his head.  This is the grossest discussion I've ever had!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 23 May 2012 - 01:26 AM.
2611	madman2711	2012-05-23	i liked how they throw some info from future books like the Volantis infomercial and the previous job history of Tyrion
that and the Bronn vs Tyrion duet of witt words
and the presumed fear that Stannis might have at the sight of King Jeoffrey the Megalomaniac 
still i would have liked some classic "wrench" "U know Nothing, JS" and "Hodor"
2612	King Nothing	2012-05-23	created an account just to say thanks for creating this thread, wayy too much negativity around here.
1. Stannis: Really growing on me. Wasn't too high on Dillane earlier in the season but he has grown into the role perfectly. Absolutley kills it, and it was good to hear the backstory of Davos (Storms End's savior).
2. I think Brienne and Jamie will carry the show next season. Great chemistry already.
2613	bardgal	2012-05-23	Just a note on location shooting. Many times these days with sfx being what they are, it is actually less expensive overall to shoot on location - like Iceland. There is no way they could afford to replicate that in a studio. The post would be cost-prohibitive. 
I'm also sure that given what Iceland's economy has been lately, they've given them all kinds of incentives to come shoot there, so it's probably win-win on both sides.
Those of you who have seen Tarsem's The Fall (with Lee Pace), know what I'm talking about. They shot everything on location, and not one greenscreen, because it was actually less expensive to do it that way. (And if you haven't seen it, put it at the top of your Netflix list.)
2614	sagaz	2012-05-23	Just a note on location shooting. Many times these days with sfx being what they are, it is actually less expensive overall to shoot on location - like Iceland. There is no way they could afford to replicate that in a studio. The post would be cost-prohibitive. I'm also sure that given what Iceland's economy has been lately, they've given them all kinds of incentives to come shoot there, so it's probably win-win on both sides. Those of you who have seen Tarsem's The Fall (with Lee Pace), know what I'm talking about. They shot everything on location, and not one greenscreen, because it was actually less expensive to do it that way. (And if you haven't seen it, put it at the top of your Netflix list.)You're right. old school location filming (If ,and only *if*, the weather get along...) is more economic than post-production (renders, effects) or set construction; and filming in Europe could also bring co-production arrangements.Also, I think is very cool that they're casting (or trying) european actors (Norwegians, Germans...) there's a lot of talent out there, and they could get very capable "unknown worldwide" actors ... The "european" feel of HBO GoT is very attractive.
2615	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I have to admit I am enjoying Sam seeming having a ball on the fist of the first man.  IIRC from the books, he was the only one of the NW who became less afraid as the range progressed.  He seems to be enjoying a nice little holiday.  The actor is doing quite a good job of making the craven a charismatic young man
2616	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-23	I think this is the only GoT thread I will lurk around in from now on. I'm a huge, huge fan of the books and all, but I CANNOT STAND THE BITCHING THAT GOES ON ON THE OTHER THREADS! Seriously, why? Are people so proud of spotting the difference that they have to nitpick so much? Of course there are a few justifiable complaints but most of the time it's people bitching for the sake of bitching. Sigh.
Maybe I'm just easy to please, because I'm overwhelmed by what a good job HBO are doing, but hey, beats being a bitch.
Anyway, hilight of last week has to be Brienne/Jaime. That was fantastic.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 23 May 2012 - 12:30 PM.
2617	SummerSong	2012-05-23	Hi everyone! First post here. I'm a huge fan of D&D's superb GoT series, my introduction to GRRM's riveting novels. Now I can't get enough. Sound familiar? My growing addiction to all things ASoIaF led me to this forum. I have been thoroughly spoiled and loving it; knowing what's coming seems to enhance my enjoyment. Very cool. This upbeat thread seems the perfect place to dive in. As a newbie my opinions are not unique and I can't compete with long time fans who know the books inside and out, so please bear with me. I'm here to express my honest appreciation and gratitude and hope this comes across to D&D.
In my experience and from observing others' reactions over many years, it works better to see the visual medium first followed by the far richer, deeper book(s). My goal is maximum enjoyment of both, and this works for me. I wish the same for all GRRM fans.
I'm in awe of D&D's adaptation and their courage to take on a beloved series of this complexity. The production quality is first rate. Locations, sets and costumes are breathtaking and amazingly diverse. With few exceptions, the casting is superb. Most actors are totally nailing it. The storytelling is excellent entertainment; imperfect but an admirable effort given the vast scope, limited budget and severe (!) restriction of only 10 episodes per season. I'm sure D&D are working nonstop, sacrificing their personal lives for this massive labor of love.
Highlights this season:
. Anything with Tyrion. PD perfectly captures his wit, intelligence and humanity. Thoroughly enjoyed his scenes with Bronn, Varys and Cersei this week. Kudos to all. Can't stand Shea and Roz, but they were effectively used to showcase Tyrion's love and compassion, respectively.
. Arya, Tywin and Jaqen. Charles Dance is masterful, Maisie is a multitalented delight, Jaqen is fascinating and HOT. I so hope they are recognized at awards time.
. Robb and Talisa -- a genuine romance is a welcome addition. I totally get the euphoria of falling in love and forsaking all others. Been there and done that, & I highly recommend it. :^D  Robb is a very young honorable, idealistic king with normal human desires. We only get one short life & who can blame him for not wanting to waste it married to some random trashy Frey troll? Poor guy is doomed like Ned. Heartbreaking.
. Theon -- can't stand this tragically flawed character, but Alfie is so superb at portraying his inner struggle and desperate desire for acceptance that I'm forced to sympathize. I sooooo dread the Ramsey/Reek2 story line. Theon's descent is like standing riveted and appalled while watching a train wreck. He's definitely a top awards contender.
. Bran and Maester Luwin -- a lovely team.
. Brienne and Jaime -- I'm going to thoroughly enjoy their journey and Jaime's fall from grace and transformation.
. Stannis and Davos -- Loved hearing their backstory this week. For the first time I understand why Stannis is admired by so many book fans. Davos seems like a genuinely good guy, modest and loyal. Very refreshing in this cutthroat world.
. Catelyn, Margaery, Sam, Jon, Ygritte, etc., etc. My list of favorites goes on and on.
. Dragons! Can't wait for the HotU. Should be epic.
Now, back to lurking...
					
					
							Edited by Life'sNotASong, 23 May 2012 - 08:10 PM.
2618	King Nothing	2012-05-23	I think this is the only GoT thread I will lurk around in from now on. I'm a huge, huge fan of the books and all, but I CANNOT STAND THE BITCHING THAT GOES ON ON THE OTHER THREADS! Seriously, why? Are people so proud of spotting the difference that they have to nitpick so much? Of course there are a few justifiable complaints but most of the time it's people bitching for the sake of bitching. Sigh.Maybe I'm just easy to please, because I'm overwhelmed by what a good job HBO are doing, but hey, beats being a bitch.Anyway, hilight of last week has to be Brienne/Jaime. That was fantastic.Feel the same way! Probably wont stray into many other show threads anymore.Also, with how well Theon's story line worked this season, I wonder how/if they will keep him involved over the next two seasons. As far as book material goes there is basically nothing. Would be a real shame if we would not see him again until the 5th season.
2619	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-05-23	The camera work was good; lots of nice backgrounds, integrated VFX, and natural lighting. Great location work here. This is a great point, in the scene between Tyrion and Varys there were some real breathtaking shots, particularly one that you could see the Red Keep in the background. So epic.Thank you for starting this thread, CrypticWeirwood! I loved Jaime and Brienne. Cannot wait to see more of them and for him to call her "wench".I am so ready for the "wench" name drop. Jaime and Brienne's adventures are going to be awesome. both actors are just so damn good.Any episode that features Hot Pie and Gendry is awesome throw Maise, who I believe will be the best supporting actress in the emmys this year and it is television Gold.God I hope so. personally I think she deserved at least a nomination last season. she's an incredible actress. But then again, there are a shit ton of amazing actors and actresses on this show, and all of them deserve an award for their work.
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 23 May 2012 - 04:34 PM.
2620	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-23	Hi everyone!Welcome, Life'sNotASong! I like your positivity.Feel the same way! Probably wont stray into many other show threads anymore. Also, with how well Theon's story line worked this season, I wonder how/if they will keep him involved over the next two seasons. As far as book material goes there is basically nothing. Would be a real shame if we would not see him again until the 5th season.Yeah, I'm pretty sure the audience will get snippets of what Theon's situation in the Dreadfort is like: i.e. Kyra, and establishing Ramsay some. As for Talissa/Jeyne - anyone else kind of glad they made Robb's love interest... interesting? No, it's not a subtle deviation but I think for the on-screen romance, it makes a lot of sense to flesh out her character a bit...Sheesh, this thread is so refreshing, so much niceness. (Is niceness a word? It should be.) /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 23 May 2012 - 05:26 PM.
2621	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	Welcome, Life'sNotASong! I like your positivity. Yeah, I'm pretty sure the audience will get snippets of what Theon's situation in the Dreadfort is like:I sure hope thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s enough of those snippets to go around. Seems like everybodyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s getting a piece of prince these days. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />This is poison that I hold, she thought. I ought to burn it. Instead she cracked the seal. A scrap of leather fluttered down into her lap. When she read the dry brown words, her black mood grew blacker still. Dark wings, dark words. The ravens never brought glad tidings. The last message sent to Deepwood had been from Stannis Baratheon, demanding homage. This was worse. â<U+0080><U+009C>The northmen have taken Moat Cailin.â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>The Bastard of Bolton?â<U+0080><U+009D> asked Qarl, beside her. â<U+0080><U+009C>Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell, he signs himself. But there are other names as well.â<U+0080><U+009D> Lady Dustin, Lady Cerwyn, and four Ryswells had appended their own signatures beneath his. Beside them was drawn a crude giant, the mark of some Umber. Those were done in maesterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ink, made of soot and coal tar, but the message above was scrawled in brown in a huge, spiky hand. It spoke of the fall of Moat Cailin, of the triumphant return of the Warden of the North to his domains, of a marriage soon to be made. The first words were, â<U+0080><U+009C>I write this letter in the blood of ironmen,â<U+0080><U+009D> the last, â<U+0080><U+009C>I send you each a piece of prince. Linger in my lands, and share his fate.â<U+0080><U+009D> Asha had believed her little brother dead. Better dead than this. The scrap of skin had fallen into her lap. She held it to the candle and watched the smoke curl up, until the last of it had been consumed and the flame was licking at her fingers. Galbart Gloverâ<U+0080><U+0099>s maester hovered expectantly at her elbow. â<U+0080><U+009C>There will be no answer,â<U+0080><U+009D>  she informed him.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 23 May 2012 - 07:15 PM.
2622	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-23	First off, thank you for starting this thread!
- I'm going to miss Arya/Tywin scenes. Great acting by both and an interesting story to watch as Arya seems to find Tywin a quasi-father figure. I think perhaps Ned and Tywin had more in common than people think. And I've always loved Tywin's armor.
- Rattleshirt looked pretty cool. I love the handle on his dagger/sword (hard to tell which it was) and his staff. It was neat seeing Ygritte carrying Long Claw.
- Tyrion+Varys+Bronn = A show I would watch. Their personalities are all so different and they each bring valuable skills to the table. And the explanation for why Bronn doesn't wear a gold cloak, just awesome.
- I can't wait for the Brienne and Jaime show. I loved their interactions in the book and look forward to more on the show.
- Despite Stannis and Davos not being my favs, I really enjoyed their scene and wished they had more screen time in this past episode. Would help set up next week's just a little bit more. Stannis's delivery of "I like dogs. Their loyal." cracked me up.
-Winterfell and Theon are just heartbreaking. Theon is such a jackass and I liked that it doesn't matter what he does, he's doing something wrong according to someone. Alfie Allen is doing a wonderful job this season; he's stolen it as far as I'm concerned.
					
					
							Edited by TeamDanyArya, 23 May 2012 - 08:11 PM.
2623	Tyrion Blackfyre	2012-05-23	Not very noticeable, but the look on Gendry's face as they walked through the gates.
I saw Arya and knew she wouldn't have much reaction seeing as she's pretty insane.
Hot pie was going to freak out and look shocked, this I knew.
But what about Gendry, I made sure to look at his face to see his reaction.
And it was the most priceless "O" face I have seen in awhile, had me in stitches!
2624	FloredaA	2012-05-24	[, â<U+0080><U+009C>I write this letter in the blood of ironmen,â<U+0080><U+009D> the last, â<U+0080><U+009C>I send you each a piece of prince. Linger in my lands, and share his fate.â<U+0080><U+009D> Asha had believed her little brother dead. Better dead than this. [/size][/font][/indent]Though I've already read it multiple times, it still gives me chills. I think that if the show succeeds in giving the viewers the same emotions readers got at reading Theon's arc, it'll be very very good.
2625	Jolene Brown	2012-05-24	Though I've already read it multiple times, it still gives me chills. I think that if the show succeeds in giving the viewers the same emotions readers got at reading Theon's arc, it'll be very very good.Every time I see Theon on the show, all I can think about is the speculation on here about his poor missing "member," after Ramsay's torture.  I wonder if Alfie Allen knows?
2626	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-24	thank you for this thread.  With all the others, I was started to think you, me, and Sir Hippie were some of the only ones that actually like the show.Anyway a lot of great things going on that have already been pointed out, Stannis pretty much first among them.  I thought he was great ever since he made the page remove "beloved" from the letter in ep 2 or which ever it was.  But the fact that he is the one man in Westeros who is pretty much running a meritocracy is bad ass.  While i know he's going to lose at Blackwater, I want to see him win so bad.  But he still needs to learn his "save the realm to win the throne, not win the throne to save the realm" lesson from Davos.  All I can think of now when I see Stephan Dillane is how incredible it will be to see him at the wall staring into those fires. I'm also loving Liam Cunningham as Davos.  I couldn't really get a handle on Davos at first when I read the books.  When we first met Davos in the show, I didn't know if i liked him or not.  Then I realized I was having the exact same reaction to show Davos that I had to book Davos.  That man plays honesty so well.  Can't take credit for this, a friend pointed it out to me today, but Yara's speech to Theon was such a huge nod/foreshadowing to the books.  In the show, she tells him that "you looked up... and smiled at me."  My friend pointed out that in Dance, when Theon finally meets up with Asha, he is down on his knees.  She doesn't recognize him until he looks up, smiles, and says "hello sister." As far as Ghost goes, I think that they if they had Jon warging too (in the books I'm pretty sure he was dream wargin by now), Bran wouldn't seem as special to the viewer.  I think they are setting Jon up for major growth with the wildlings in season 3.  It will be they who recognize Jon for what he is and maybe even help him facilitate the ability.  The fact that these people he's been trained to hate will (i think) teach him so much about himself will be ironic and poetic to watch.Also really liked Lord of Bones.  Was very curious how they were going to pull it off without look as ridiculous as I pictured him in the books, but they did.  Also Pyat Pree, felt the same way in the books, but love him on the show.  He makes my skin crawl.
2627	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-24	Can't take credit for this, a friend pointed it out to me today, but Yara's speech to Theon was such a huge nod/foreshadowing to the books.  In the show, she tells him that "you looked up... and smiled at me."  My friend pointed out that in Dance, when Theon finally meets up with Asha, he is down on his knees.  She doesn't recognize him until he looks up, smiles, and says "hello sister."Now that is a find.  Bloody brilliant work.  Major props to the writers if this was, indeed what they had in mind when the scene was written.Also really liked Lord of Bones.  Was very curious how they were going to pull it off without look as ridiculous as I pictured him in the books, but they did.  Also Pyat Pree, felt the same way in the books, but love him on the show.  He makes my skin crawl.Eh, I thought Bones was supposed to be pretty lean and wiry...found him much scarier in the books.  But you are bang on with Pree.  Not at all how I pictured him but on the show he actually produces something more than annoyance in me...skin crawling indeed...
2628	notakneeler	2012-05-24	Great catch on that line of Yara to Theon.
Every single thing the show has done with Theon has been pure gold.
2629	Noelle Snow	2012-05-24	I just want to thank you for this thread. It's getting to the point where I'm wondering who's watching this show since all I ever do is see people complain about things. Are some of the changes a bit head-scratching? Yes. But you're complaining about an unfinished product. We have no idea where the journey may lead us. We all know what happens in the books. I think it's great that we're getting to the same place on the show but just taking a slightly altered route.
2630	Dannyisnow	2012-05-24	I just want to thank you for this thread. It's getting to the point where I'm wondering who's watching this show since all I ever do is see people complain about things. Are some of the changes a bit head-scratching? Yes. But you're complaining about an unfinished product. We have no idea where the journey may lead us. We all know what happens in the books. I think it's great that we're getting to the same place on the show but just taking a slightly altered route.I think you've got it spot on there /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2631	sagaz	2012-05-24	I just want to thank you for this thread. It's getting to the point where I'm wondering who's watching this show since all I ever do is see people complain about things. Are some of the changes a bit head-scratching? Yes. But you're complaining about an unfinished product. We have no idea where the journey may lead us. We all know what happens in the books. I think it's great that we're getting to the same place on the show but just taking a slightly altered route.Yeah, and is entertaining to not know everything and enjoy the detour
2632	Noelle Snow	2012-05-24	Exactly! I think it's great that I can actually be surprised at something when I already know the story.
2633	bardgal	2012-05-24	Feel the same way! Probably wont stray into many other show threads anymore.Same!!Welcome, Life'sNotASong! I like your positivity.AGREE!!!
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 24 May 2012 - 01:42 PM.
2634	Harrad	2012-05-24	As others have mentioned the descent of Theon, I am also wondering how far HBO will go with that...or if they will eliminate it. It was difficult to read about. I don't think it can be portrayed in mass market video, even HBO.
2635	The Frostfangs	2012-05-24	As others have mentioned the descent of Theon, I am also wondering how far HBO will go with that...or if they will eliminate it. It was difficult to read about. I don't think it can be portrayed in mass market video, even HBO.They MUST!. Whats Alfie Allen going to do anyway... Theons story is one of my favourites and HBO can pull it off.
2636	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-24	I thought this was one of the best episodes of season two thus far. I really liked Jamie and Brienne's interactions and I thought the last scene with Luwin finding Bran and Rickon in the crypts was really well done, after Luwin's gut wrenching cry when he saw what he thought was the boys bodies last episode, I was so pleased that he found them alive. 
Loved it when Asha was talking to Luwin and he said that they shouldn't tell Bran that it was the farmer's boys as he would blame himself, the camera pans over to Bran who is wide awake.
2637	Fragile Bird	2012-05-24	still i would have liked some classic "wrench" "U know Nothing, JS" and "Hodor"I don't think Jaime hits Brienne with anything like that. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
2638	Fragile Bird	2012-05-24	I sure hope thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s enough of those snippets to go around.Geez, how did I miss this thread?  Probably because there's so much bitchin' going on I don't look at this section at all, lol!Let me join the Cryptic Weirwood admiration society with everyone else.  Well, I'm already a charter member.Edit: damn quote marks
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 24 May 2012 - 04:09 PM.
2639	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-24	Geez, how did I miss this thread? Probably because there's so much bitchin' going on I don't look at this section at all, lol! Let me join the Cryptic Weirwood admiration society with everyone else. Well, I'm already a charter member.Thank you kindly. When you work in customer service and have to man the help-line, you canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do that all the time, nor for long. If you do, it wears you down, because all you ever hear is people calling to complain complain complain.  Pretty soon your own view of whatever world youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re help-desking starts to deteriorate as the rotten attitude starts to infect you, too.People were using these forums for nothing else but to vent their spleens.  They were saying really terrible things, stuff that if they read it would surely break the hearts of the people who are working their absolute hardest to make this happen.  I know itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s silly, but I felt bad for them, vicariously.It was just too much of a super downer to read all the other bitch-out threads. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even go there anymore. I feel thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a tremendously large lot to be happy about, and that this was getting drowned out by people going ballistic with their shitty attitudes.  So I wanted a place for people to light a single candle instead of forever cursing the darkness.  And a lot of single candles can add up to real light.Thank you all for  sharing your  joy with each other, and so helping make the world a little brighter for your having been here.
2640	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-24	â<U+009D>¦Cheers without Jeers.Cheers without Spears.Cheers without Fears.Cheers without Smears.Cheers without Tears.Cheers without Sneers.â<U+009D>§
2641	bardgal	2012-05-24	Thank you kindly.  When you work in customer service and have to man the help-line, you canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do that all the time, nor for long. If you do, it wears you down, because all you ever hear is people calling to complain complain complain. Pretty soon your own view of whatever world youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re help-desking starts to deteriorate as the rotten attitude starts to infect you, too. People were using these forums for nothing else but to vent their spleens. They were saying really terrible things, stuff that if they read it would surely break the hearts of the people who are working their absolute hardest to make this happen. I know itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s silly, but I felt bad for them, vicariously. It was just too much of a super downer to read all the other bitch-out threads. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even go there anymore. I feel thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a tremendously large lot to be happy about, and that this was getting drowned out by people going ballistic with their shitty attitudes. So I wanted a place for people to light a single candle instead of forever cursing the darkness. And a lot of single candles can add up to real light. Thank you all for sharing your joy with each other, and so helping make the world a little brighter for your having been here. Thank YOU! There is enough negativity in the world and every day life, and just so much joy for me in this series and these books. I too feel no need to go to the other threads. There's no point. Here's to THIS THREAD, and one like it for every upcoming episode!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2642	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-24	I wish a thread like this had existed for the previous episodes. I think from now on, along with the nitpicker thread for each episode, there should be a thread like this started. Doesn't have to be by the same person of course, but if we have the negative threads, then we need at least one thread for celebrating what we enjoyed in each show.
					
					
							Edited by TeamDanyArya, 24 May 2012 - 09:49 PM.
2643	victim	2012-05-25	I wish we could just discuss the show for what it is, whether we like it or not, without resorting to complaining. There has to be ways to talk about the differences without sounding like an ungrateful pre-teen; I think we should all be happy that a wonderful series has been adapted in the first place. 
There was so much I loved in this episode:
- Jaime and Brienne obviously was magnificent. 
- Tyrion and Bronn arguing about gold-cloaks and pronunciation. Also, the dialogue about siege warfare and thieves was amazing.
- The return of Varys. I love him so much, even when he doesn't appear because still you know he's lurking somewhere.
- Ygritte's look at Jon after Qhorin pushed him down the hill. She looks at him as if to say "you'll be one of us" and gives a small smile, I felt so very sorry for her. 
- Jaqen H'ghar's face... In particular after Arya named him, but just his face in general as well. Never thought Syrio could be topped.
- Edd's talk of the best and worst rangers dying and the middle ones surviving. 
- Stannis talking about liking dogs and hating cats. I love Dillane as him.
- Every single mention of Ned, there were a lot in this episode. 
- And Pod. 
Small complaint, it's a simple on though. I enjoy Robb, I only wish he got an awesome monologue so we could get more inside his head instead of Talisa's. I care more about him than her.
2644	Noelle Snow	2012-05-25	Yeah, I would actually love a monologue from Robb like we got from Talisa. It'd be lovely to get inside his head a little further.
Most of the things I loved have already been mentioned already. LOL
2645	Davos55	2012-05-25	I am very excited to see how they end Theon's arc this season and continue it next season.  I believe seasons 3 and 4 will be a chance for the producers to be creative and show more of Theon that wasn't in the novels.  I just hope they get a good Ramsay..I have high hopes with that though, the casting for the show has been excellent so far.
I will give the producers major props for Theon all year long..they have gotten his story translated on screen very well. I could watch all of his parts alone and be happy.
2646	teemo	2012-05-25	I am very excited to see how they end Theon's arc this season and continue it next season. I believe seasons 3 and 4 will be a chance for the producers to be creative and show more of Theon that wasn't in the novels. I just hope they get a good Ramsay..I have high hopes with that though, the casting for the show has been excellent so far. I will give the producers major props for Theon all year long..they have gotten his story translated on screen very well. I could watch all of his parts alone and be happy.I agree.  Theon has by far the best storyline of the season, and most true to the books.
2647	protar	2012-05-25	I agree. Theon has by far the best storyline of the season, and most true to the books.I agree, and this is despite the fact that there are a lot of invented scenes in Theon's arc. Which just goes to show that D+D actually can use invented material to improve on the source material which leaves the reader to fill in a lot of the gaps with Theon's betrayal.
2648	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-25	Yeah, same here; Theon's fall from grace has been my favourite storyline so far.
I still think they made one huge mistake leaving out Ramsay/Reek in a proper role, though. Ramsay's epic reveal at the end could've been some great television.
Oh, and Wex. Where are you Wex? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 25 May 2012 - 12:42 PM.
2649	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-25	The Tyrion/Cersei-scene was amazing. That arrogant bitch who thinks she defeated Tyrion, every smile of hers made me laugh harder and harder in my head. The relief of Tyrion after the Lannister necklace-sentence, so that he knows it's not Shae. 
You just got owned, Cersei, and you don't even know it. Bitch. What goes around comes back around, one way or the other.
2650	Porcelain Steel	2012-05-25	Love the idea of this thread, thanks for starting it!First , for me, is Stannis, Stannis, Stannis. I think he' s one of the best characters in the series, and this week he was both written and portrayed perfectly.   I actually think Stephen Dillane has his him just right- "I like dogs, they're loyal" and the delivery of all those   "...so, fine"s   had me through the roof.   Even the one second of him in the blackwater preview, laughing on the boat, felt spot on.Speaking of that-the blackwater preview. All that needs to be said.Loved that we got acknowledgement from Varys about what a good hand Tyrion is.  To me, that storyline was the heart of ACOK.Yara/Asha's speech to Theon-once again, the Theon storyline in the series improves on the books- I never felt as much empathy for the ironborn reading about them as I do watching them.Lastly, and this has been said before, but the amazing casting, particularly of the child actors.  Jack Gleason is Joffrey.  My husband hasn't read the books, and only sporadically watches the show, and after sitting down to watch Joffreys few minutes of screen time this week, asked " When do we get to watch him die"?  This means he's doing his job.
2651	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-25	I think they will get pretty involved with Theon and Ramsay.  I think that's one of the reasons they've made him one of the main main characters this season.  Not that he wasn't in the books, but.. hopefully you know what I mean, I think they (and Martin) have big plans for Theon.I think having someone like Joffrey and Ramsay around is kind of a device.  With so many 'grey' characters in the series whose questionable actions can be somewhat understood by seeing the world through their eyes (Tywin, etc), I think Martin likes to keep around at least one character who is just plain bad.  Like Marlo on The Wire.  It's "The Godfather" principle: If you want us to root for a "bad guy," give us a worse guy to loath while we do it.  Plus, how much did we actually see in the books?  IIRC, we see a lot of the wounds and indicators of torture, it gets talked about a lot, but how many people do we actually witness getting flayed or worse?  I'm really asking here.  I read them very fast but I don't recall torture porn being a part of ASOIAF.Don't mean to hijack the thread, so I'll try and bring it back around (sort of).  Last season ended with all our characters setting out on a new journey: Robb to war, Arya setting out in the NW caravan, Jon riding beyong the Wall, Tyrion sent to King's Landing to be Hand, Dany birthing the dragons.  I think this season will be the same: Jon going off with the wildlings, Arya meeting the brotherhood, Jaime and Brienne we've seen, Tyrion adjusting to Tywin's arrival, And, I hope, Dany setting sail to Astapor (with Arstan and Strong Belwas).
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 25 May 2012 - 05:43 PM.
2652	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-25	Dany still has to go through the House of the Undying before she can set sail. I can see that being the cliffhanger for her then starting next season with her setting sail. I am anxious to see the House of the Undying. I know Blackwater is *the* thing this season but Dany's stuff could be pretty incredible too.
2653	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-05-25	This is a wonderful thread.I remember back when Stephen Dillane was announced as Stannis...I had seen him act before, in a totally different role, but as I read through the books, I could hear his voice whenever I read Stannis' lines...he hadn't even appeared in the show yet and he had so completely become the voice of Stannis for me. He uses his fairly limited screen time so well that one facial expression of his can speak paragraphs. By far one of my favorite casting decisions this show has made.Ya/sha and Theon was an unexpected treat. Particularly "Don't die so far from the sea." I did not expect that moment between them, and I really enjoyed seeing it.One minor thing that really helped sell the scope of the series for me was the brief exchange between Tyrion and Varys talking about Dany possibly being alive with her dragons. Just being implicitly reminded that these two sets of characters (the King's Landing gang and Dany's people) are part of the same of show and yet have never interacted in any way drew my attention to just why this show's approach to storytelling is so unique.EDIT: I also enjoy the way Liam Cunningham says "potatoes".
					
					
							Edited by A Dark And Stormy Knight, 25 May 2012 - 10:10 PM.
2654	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-25	This is a wonderful thread. ... I also enjoy the way Liam Cunningham says "potatoes".As do I, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not quite sure why. Perhaps itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s his native Irish accent â<U+0080><U+0094> and shared cultural experience â<U+0080><U+0094> of potatoes, leaking delightfully through.
2655	House Snow	2012-05-26	One thing I liked in the rewatch was when Tyrion and Varys started talking about Danerys and the dragons the camera switched seemingly deliberately to a long shot right behind a torch so that it kind of look like the fire was burning Tyrion.  Hopefully this isn't some kind of negative foreshadowing.
2656	wolverine	2012-05-27	In the spirit of it being better to light a single candle than to  rage against the darkness, this thread is for pointing out all the nifty cool things you liked about the episode.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not for complaining or cursing or crying.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not for nitpicking or gnashing of teeth. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not for whining, bitching, and moaning at HBO or its writers. This is a no-ranting thread.  If thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what you want, please look elsewhere; Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll have no trouble finding plenty of other threads for that sort of negativity and vitriol.This one is for praise, for appreciation, for excitement,  for pleasure.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s strictly about what you enjoyed, stuff that made you grin, smile, laugh, cheer, clap your house, or jump up and shout Huzzah!Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll start...The chemistry between Jaime and Brienne is wonderful. You can really see their journey together will be marvelous. I love Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s wit, and Brienneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stubbornness.The subtle little touch that Brienne not Jaime was the  one with  white horse was neat.  It showed that she, not the erstwhile bearer of the white cloak, is the white knight in this relationship.I loved Arya being able be a fly on the wall for Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s deliberations.  And while weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re there: Ser Kevan! Ser Kevan!  Need I say more?I want an all-Varys show. He so rocks. Watch that manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s face! And he managed to never  answer Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s question about what Varys realy wants.  Tyrion bonding with Varys was great.  Just watch Varysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s facial expressions. Delightful.  I really laughed when Varys trying to imagine the Mad Kingletâ<U+0080><U+0099>s boasts. Precious.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m glad Bronnâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lack of goldcloak garb was finally explained.Horses, horses, horses!  And Tywin can even get on one without falling off.  I love all the horses.  Now we know where the horse budget went.  Guess we wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be getting Stonehenge this season.The Lord of Bones was done a lot better than I was afraid heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be.Robb and Cat were really good. I like Robb growing up, and I love Michelle Fairleyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s acting.   She really does have the acting chops for the rA´le.Jaqen was good as always. Sure, maybe he seemed  a bit less than omnipotent this time around, but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still awesome. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for his on-screen shapechange in the last episode.Robb and JeyneTalissa were good, a lot better than in the book. This really needed to happen; the bookâ<U+0080><U+0099>s whole post-facto uxor ex machina thing just never worked for me, but this did. You can tell sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hiding a lot in her expressions; quality acting work there. Finally some sex that isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t quasi-rape! Havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seen two people actually enjoying each other since Loras and Renly, which was like the only other time itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seemed genuine.It was refreshing to see some humanity from Asha for her baby brother.Dragonglass!  Hurray!  And the horn: wow just wow. We now  know with certainty that the horn that Sam found with the obsidian weaponry has some important plot-related meaning beyond just this the episode. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s therefore a clue for parts of the books yet to come.  The camera work was good; lots of nice backgrounds, integrated VFX, and natural lighting.  Great location work here.The music was just right, not intrusive. I think I miss Marillion. Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for Mance â<U+0080><U+0094> and Abel. Does anybody have the various leitmotifs isolated yet?Yay Pod, and with Ser Mandon, no less!  Pod even laughed at Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s jest.Stannis is awesome. Great chemistry here too. Liam really brings  Davos to life.  This is the Stannis who was meant to be, the one Martin called the nearest thing to a hero the series has. Shame about the cats, though.Jaime has a cute American accent, sometimes. And Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s is improving, too.It was lovely to see Cersei rising to her level of incompetence, and overreaching. Lena Headey has quite a range as an actress. You can see why she got the rA´le.Nice name-drop of Astapor.  Good to see Dany being tender with her bear after sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>d so berated him last episode.  He deserved it, and he got it.  Thinking about Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s three warriors who might be able to best him in combat was a fun thing to ponder.The Mad Kinglet  was totally hilarious.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d best have a change of plastic underpants ready. Make that two. How nobody can laugh at him I have no idea; I certainly did.I felt real sympathy for  poor Ros: Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget me, indeed; almost an in-joke there. The actress did well here. Just the right amount of her, too, and it served the plot.And Luwin! I nearly cried tears of joy. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take Luwinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life in exchange for early appearances of the spaced-out swamp-twins any day.Tyrion was so convincing with Shae, so tender. Sansa will be so lucky, even if she doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t realize it.Bran there in the dark, secretly alert and aware of whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really going on around him.  This is a continuation of his very earliest characterization, where he liked to be above everything, unseen but intent on following them.I wonder whether Hodor actually Hodors in his sleep?  Prolly. Betcha he could Hodor to wake the dead, too, which considering where they are, might not be such a bad idea after all. How could someone add to this list?  Did you leave anything out from the episode?
2657	Fragile Bird	2012-05-27	As do I, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not quite sure why. Perhaps itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s his native Irish accent â<U+0080><U+0094> and shared cultural experience â<U+0080><U+0094> of potatoes, leaking delightfully through. I hope and trust you are set up already for tonight? /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />
2658	Lord Haart	2012-05-28	I really liked hearing Tywin compare Cersei to Arya.  Makes a lot of sense now that I think about it, and was something I didn't notice in the books.  Cersei really is kind of a cross-up between Arya and Sansa, when you think about it.
2659	Katydid	2012-05-20	Goodness me, is this gonna be FUN!!!
I was hoping we'd at least get to see them set sail tonight, and the banter is already classic.
"Has anyone ever told you you're as boring as you are ugly?"  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2660	summer_stark	2012-05-20	yea, one of the highlights of the episode -- great banter
2661	teemo	2012-05-20	I loved it...I could watch a whole episode of that.
2662	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Definitely a high point in the ep they both nailed it.
2663	Ser Hippie	2012-05-20	The show's casting has been really fantastic w/regards to finding actors that work really well in these one-on-one conversations.
2664	Katydid	2012-05-20	I loved it...I could watch a whole episode of that.Pretty much this.  I hope they do justice to this adventure J & B go on, because they certainly struck gold with the actors!
2665	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-20	It was really nice to see their interaction. 3rd season in terms of fun will be nice, at least concerning them.
2666	Patchface12	2012-05-20	I did enjoy that scene. Unfortunately, it will prolly be their last this season.
I'm guessing they'll wind up in Roose Bolton's camp, since Jaime is apparently held in camps now instead of castles. The only highlight is that we might get to see Ruby Ford.
I still think they can have the Goat simply as a sellsword who changed sides offscreen
2667	Jolene Brown	2012-05-20	They are supposed to have at least 1 scene in episode 10.
2668	House Snow	2012-05-20	I still can't believe they found someone to play Brienne.  She is just perfect for the role.  Just an awesome awesome combination that is going to be.
2669	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	sorry, dialogue failed for the simple reason jamie didnt call her wench
that is inexcusable, horrible horrible horrible
2670	Umberto	2012-05-20	Jaime's arc for Season 2 will end with his hand getting chopped off. It's too good of a cliffhanger to pass up on, and it seems to be at the perfect pace to happen in episode 10.
2671	Faraday	2012-05-20	Eh, I dunno. It might just feels like a lot to squeeze in since I can't see them getting much time next week.Thought the scene was awesome, though. Good chemistry, which is pretty much the most important thing and Jaime being fairly Jaimelike.
2672	Jolene Brown	2012-05-20	I think this season will end with them being captured but we won't know by who.  We'll probably think it's either Robb's forces or the Karstarks.  He'll get his hand cut off episode one next season when it turns out to be some variant on the Bloody Mummers associated with Roose.
2673	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-20	I'm totally accepting of the fact that the Game of Thrones series and ASOIAF books are two separate entities and that the show will deviate from the books in certain areas.  That being said, as a reader of the books, I love it when a scene brings the pages to life so to speak...when it plays out exactly how I pictured it when reading the novels.
Theon's homecoming to Pyke and subsequent chastisement by his father was one such scene for me.
This episode's Jaime/Brienne interaction was another.
2674	House Snow	2012-05-20	I think they just get captured too since they didn't hire any of the actors who would be involved in jaimies hand getting cut off.  Plus you might as well make season 3 as awesome as possible.
2675	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-05-20	Best part of the episode. Been looking forward to this arc for a long time and it's off to a great start.
2676	Currawong	2012-05-20	I'd prefer to see the series end with some version of the Stark / Tully river pursuit and Brienne fighting them off, with Jaime then deciding to pull her back into the boat again and not hit her over the head with his oar.  That's the point at which he starts to notice some of her good qualities, like how calm she is in a crisis.  They could then just disappear downriver again, leaving Series 3 to deal with their capture and the loss of Jaime's hand, which would be a great ending to Ep 1 or 2 of Series 3.
(edited for typos)
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 21 May 2012 - 12:06 AM.
2677	Jolene Brown	2012-05-20	That's a good point, I had forgotten about the river chase, which is too good to pass up.
2678	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-21	NCW perfectly captures Jaime's arrogant sense of humor.  Plus he's very very hot.  D & D, please don't cut his hot tub scene next season!  Gwendoline Christie just keeps getting better.  Hopefully she gets her name in the opening credits next year.
2679	Currawong	2012-05-21	On the main discussion thread about Ep 8, someone posted this summary of Episode 10:-"Tyrion awakens to a changed situation. King Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects. As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; Jon proves himself to Qhorin.""Brienne silences Jaime" does not sound like they get captured - but it could very easily be a cryptic summary of the pursuit scene, as he is "silenced' by her prompt and effective action.I hope so!  WIth Tywin = Arya now gone, we desperately need the J/B banter and relaitonship to provide a touch of humour an amongst all that grimness.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 21 May 2012 - 02:06 AM.
2680	Envie	2012-05-21	I agree that the Jaime / Brienne dialogue is one area that the book can come to life on screen very well and they're doing a fantastic job of it. I am one of those who loved the Tywin / Arya dialogue additions even if it was a complete change of the story because I felt like they presented it in a way Martin himself could have written it and it worked. The relationship between Brienne and Jaime is one that many hold dear and is absolutely important to be played out. They have great actors for it and I'm definitely looking forward to seeing more.
Also, I think they're going to cut down the trip quite a bit. Possibly show the 'dueling' brawl and capture for the season finale though I'm not sure how they'll squeeze in all of it including Jaime losing his hand, but that's only one of many scenes I can think of will make a terrific season end cliffhanger.
2681	Morrigan	2012-05-21	Probably the best part of the episode for me (I found it mostly boring). Jaime <3
It's too early, though. What's he gonna do all of season 3? He's released before the battle of Blackwater? Jaime doesn't arrive at King's Landing until after Joffrey's death. He will stroll around the riverlands, get captured, get amputated, and rescue Brienne from some harm (hopefully from a bear pit... lol yeah right), but I don't know if that's enough to fill a season. Ah, I'm sure they'll just make shit up, the Zany Adventures of Brienne and Jaime. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> And hell... I'd watch that!
2682	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-21	I really enjoyed their dymamic in ASOS....and the banter in this episode was very good. I can't to see more.
2683	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	I was thinking about that too, because when I re-read, I noticed that their journey isn't actually that long, but I think they can make a bunch of scenes out of the small things that happen on the way to Harrenhall.  In a single POV chapter, there are a few different episodes that can be fleshed out into different scenes across 1-2 episodes.
2684	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	Highlight of the episode for me. They look a bit lonely there without the unlamented Ser Cl- Alton Lannister, but eh.
2685	RockoftheLions	2012-05-21	They definitely like to end season premieres with cliffhangers or "shocking" scenes, so I think that if Jaime doesn't lose his hand in the finale, it will be the end of the first episode of season 3. The river duel will hopefully be in this season's finale (not Blackwater, because it looks as though that's going to be all battle). 
Their interactions together are absolutely perfect! It could use a little more name-calling (WENCH), but the actors are so brilliant together I don't even care.
2686	Pellaeon	2012-05-21	They definitely like to end season premieres with cliffhangers or "shocking" scenes, so I think that if Jaime doesn't lose his hand in the finale, it will be the end of the first episode of season 3. The river duel will hopefully be in this season's finale (not Blackwater, because it looks as though that's going to be all battle). Their interactions together are absolutely perfect! It could use a little more name-calling (WENCH), but the actors are so brilliant together I don't even care.I think it's more likely he lose his hand at the end of season 3, he need his hand during the roadtrip and can't suffer the hole time of a wound
2687	Conchobar	2012-05-21	Loved it.
2688	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	Even though it may have been the shortest scene in the episode, it was my favourite. Both actors are just perfect for those roles. Also - and I'm not one of those trolls who throws hissy fits about any deviation from the book, but - it felt like it came straight out of the book.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 21 May 2012 - 08:19 AM.
2689	Reposado	2012-05-21	Jaime's arc for Season 2 will end with his hand getting chopped off. It's too good of a cliffhanger to pass up on, and it seems to be at the perfect pace to happen in episode 10.i feel like that's such a good start to an arc though. It would be an excellent scene early in episode one. start off with a shocker
2690	Currawong	2012-05-21	i feel like that's such a good start to an arc though. It would be an excellent scene early in episode one. start off with a shockerI bet they will end Episode 10 with HotU and Dany, paralleling her role in the fire scene to end Season 1.I reckon we get a bit of the J/B river trip in Ep 10, but nothing else.  There is no reason for the writers to bring the Jaime / Brienne journey forward any more than they have by showing the loss of his hand now.  As I said earlier, that scene is TV gold, and I can't see them wasting it at the end of Season 2 - they need it to take the J/B story onwards in Season 3.  If they have the loss of his hand as the cliffhanger ending to Ep 1 of Season 3, it will also provide a rather neat story symmetry with the ending of Ep 1 in Season 1, where Jaime shoves Bran out the window.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 21 May 2012 - 08:38 AM.
2691	bloodymime	2012-05-21	The funniest part was seeing the two of them squeeze into that canoe especially with her supposedly in plate armor. I guess they couldn't afford a dinghy with even just a tiny little sail.  At least they didn't have them floating down the river on innertubes.
2692	rmanoj	2012-05-21	Plate armour on a boat. Brienne = Victarion. It is known.
Well, that makes about as much sense as Ramsay = Dagmer anyway...
2693	Katydid	2012-05-21	I was thinking about that too, because when I re-read, I noticed that their journey isn't actually that long, but I think they can make a bunch of scenes out of the small things that happen on the way to Harrenhall. In a single POV chapter, there are a few different episodes that can be fleshed out into different scenes across 1-2 episodes.There's always a chance they can create some "extra" stuff, much like this scene was (we don't see them actually launch in the book.)  I was thinking that Jaime's hand falling off would be the cliffhanger for this season, but now I'm not so sure. There's PLENTY of banter/insults to go between them for a full scene, before Brienne sees dead bodies hanging from a tree near the tavern and stops to bury them; or they skip the dead @ the tavern & go straight to the chase.  That oughtta be a good, action-packed scene, if they do it right.  Just when it looks like they'll be caught & the Kingslayer re-taken, Brienne saves the day.  And rather than clubbing her with the oar, Jaime surprises everyone by helping her back into the canoe.  They insult/banter a bit more, then sail on around the corner - - see you in S3!As I've been saying elsewhere, sometimes "less is more" with some of these characters/stories.  With Jaime & Brienne, MORE is more, and very, very welcome in my book!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2694	Crown	2012-05-21	Hilarious! More of this please! Christie is great as Brienne.
2695	Valkyrja	2012-05-21	As I've been saying elsewhere, sometimes "less is more" with some of these characters/stories. With Jaime & Brienne, MORE is more, and very, very welcome in my book! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Jaime and Brienne were by far my favourite bit of the episode. I have to echo what others have already said, but this scene really stood out to me as just having the right feeling that I get from the books. To be honest, *very*few scenes in the TV series have giving me that feeling. I must praise the casting in this case, which was so spot on it is almost scary, and the acting from both of them. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2696	Katydid	2012-05-21	I have to echo what others have already said, but this scene really stood out to me as just having the right feeling that I get from the books. To be honest, *very*few scenes in the TV series have giving me that feeling. I must praise the casting in this case, which was so spot on it is almost scary, and the acting from both of them.Agreed.  Casting is perfect, we can already see that Nik & Gwen have the right chemistry.  And I love that they're using canon phrases here & there with these two ("you're as boring/tedious as you are ugly", LOL!)Makes me optimistic that they'll put the right effort into writing for them and get them exactly right, as I've always pictured them in my mind.
					
					
							Edited by Katydid, 21 May 2012 - 10:31 AM.
2697	Versiroth	2012-05-21	Meh.   I never liked them much in the books and that holds true for the show.   I hated that Ned and Robb died and yet Jaime and Cersei got to live on.   I'm honestly still holding out hope that Catelyn/stoneheart gives him what he deserves.   Though I can already tell that Martin likes Jaime way too much for that to happen.    Both are well cast, but I'm not really looking forward to Jaime's "redemption"....
2698	Lady Octarina	2012-05-21	This was the moment I simply couldn't control my fangirl side /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> ; finally a teaser of what we'll see of them next season! I liked their interaction, there's an appropriate chemistry between the actors. And, lol! She's taller than him! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
2699	Valkyrja	2012-05-21	This was the moment I simply couldn't control my fangirl side /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> ; finally a teaser of what we'll see of them next season! I liked their interaction, there's an appropriate chemistry between the actors. And, lol! She's taller than him! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />I admit I had a fan-girl moment as well. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Which was a relief since I couldn't get my 'fan-girl' on as much as I would have liked to for San/San this season. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />As for the height.....I always imagined she was taller than him in the books as well. But perhaps I am wrong?
2700	Chelly	2012-05-21	Count me in, for also a fangirl moment! They were definitely a very bright beam of shining light in an otherwise serious episode. They already have the great banter and chemistry. Both are perfect in their roles and the way they acted their scenes out felt very true to the books. I need more Jaime/Brienne NOW.
2701	Katydid	2012-05-21	That seems to be a strong trait of the J/B relationship - - it unleashes the inner fan-girl! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Katydid, 21 May 2012 - 12:55 PM.
2702	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	That seems to be a strong trait of the J/B relationship - - it unleashes the inner fan-girl! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Inner fanboy, too. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Though being a fanboy around Jaime is pretty dangerous these days...
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 21 May 2012 - 01:01 PM.
2703	Lady Octarina	2012-05-21	I admit I had a fan-girl moment as well. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Which was a relief since I couldn't get my 'fan-girl' on as much as I would have liked to for San/San this season. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />As for the height.....I always imagined she was taller than him in the books as well. But perhaps I am wrong?Well, I pictured them about the same height in the books, and Coster-Waldau is so tall I was really looking forward to seeing them side by side lolMy inner fangirl was also unleashed by the Stannis-Davos scene this episode - honestly, that seemed made for shippers! I'll probably start shipping them after that! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2704	Lexicdark	2012-05-21	I am just super excited to see them really fight later on.  After the going back and forth with their words for that long, the blows are going to be pretty awesome.  I was always terribly impressed with the fact that Brienne didn't just drown of smother Jaime in his sleep in the books.  The girl knows how to take some tounge lashings form men, but on and on from the same guy for so long would wear on anyone!
2705	Fengari	2012-05-21	Eh, I dunno. It might just feels like a lot to squeeze in since I can't see them getting much time next week.I agree. This is one bit of travelling I don't want them to condense too much.I'd prefer to see the series end with some version of the Stark / Tully river pursuit and Brienne fighting them off, with Jaime then deciding to pull her back into the boat again and not hit her over the head with his oar.Something like this. They could even use Brienne in the water as a cliffhanger: will he save her or finish her?
2706	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Jaime and Brienne were by far my favourite bit of the episode. I have to echo what others have already said, but this scene really stood out to me as just having the right feeling that I get from the books. To be honest, *very*few scenes in the TV series have giving me that feeling.YES.  Exactly how I felt, and I knew it from the moment she pulled that bag off his head...this was going to be good...going to be right...they were brilliant.
2707	Maester Murks	2012-05-21	sorry, dialogue failed for the simple reason jamie didnt call her wench that is inexcusable, horrible horrible horribleNot only that, he even called her "my lady" and asked for her name while in the books he never called her by her name, which annoyed her.So, in conclusion, the show has completely ruined not only the scene, but also both characters on the whole. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2708	LordofWinter	2012-05-21	I'd prefer to see the series end with some version of the Stark / Tully river pursuit and Brienne fighting them off, with Jaime then deciding to pull her back into the boat again and not hit her over the head with his oar. That's the point at which he starts to notice some of her good qualities, like how calm she is in a crisis. They could then just disappear downriver again, leaving Series 3 to deal with their capture and the loss of Jaime's hand, which would be a great ending to Ep 1 or 2 of Series 3. (edited for typos)i hate to say it, but i can see this scene being reduced to simplicity or cut all together as it would be extremely hard to film correctly. i hope i'm wrong and that they do it but nothing so far gives me any hope.That's a good point, I had forgotten about the river chase, which is too good to pass up.this is what i thought about weasel soup, arya's lucky coin and the foolish guard, tyrion's chain, arya trying to save gendry when he's caught by the mountain's men and countless other scenes from the book that have now been cut. and seeing as how Tywin has already left Harrenhal, i doubt they'll introduce Edmure Tully in time for him to get blamed for winning a battle.
					
					
							Edited by LordofWinter, 21 May 2012 - 07:28 PM.
2709	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	I still have hope for the chain and the coin...as I've said elsewhere, I think the chain's being saved as a surprise for the viewers, and as someone pointed out in a link on another thread- think it was CrypticWeirwood- the actor who plays Jaqen has talked about his face changing in an interview so clearly he and Arya are not yet finished...
2710	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	gee why would the monster jamie save brienne from the river when just last weekhe bashed his cousin's head in?
2711	Katydid	2012-05-21	gee why would the monster jamie save brienne from the river when just last weekhe bashed his cousin's head in?Because, sadly, HBO!Jaime and Book!Jaime are two very different people. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2712	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	Because, sadly, HBO!Jaime and Book!Jaime are two very different people. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />oh I just checked IMDB, the character is Jamie Lameister on the show
2713	Currawong	2012-05-22	That seems to be a strong trait of the J/B relationship - - it unleashes the inner fan-girl! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Oh yes!!  Yes indeed /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Inner fanboy, too. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> Though being a fanboy around Jaime is pretty dangerous these days...Just don't get into a cell with Desperate to be Free Jaime and you'll probably be safe!i hate to say it, but i can see this scene being reduced to simplicity or cut all together as it would be extremely hard to film correctly. i hope i'm wrong and that they do it but nothing so far gives me any hope.I haven't re-checked yet,but didn't Robb make a point of asking how many men had been sent to look for them, and then he sent a whole lot more?  Now, unless that is a total waste of time and dialogue, I'd say we are going to get 'some' sort of pursuit scene where Brienne can prove how awesome she is.  It makes perfect sense fot the Ep 10 summary - "Brienne silences Jaime".  It may not be the shove-boulder-in-the-boat pursuit scene exactly as in the books, but I am sure they will come up with something for Brienne to do, so Jaime starts to re-evaluate her.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2714	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	These two are badass, everything I imagined and more, and making up for a lot of other things that are bumming me out.
2715	Rapsie	2012-05-22	Jaime and Brienne were the saving grace of the episode. The only scene in the episode that felt like the books come to life.
2716	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-22	Jaime/Brienne's travels were my favourite part of the book. So happy to see it start to take shape in the show.
Won't be happy 'til he calls her "wench" though.
2717	Le Cygne	2012-05-22	This was the best part of the episode.  Hopefully they won't mess this up, too.
2718	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-22	Not only that, he even called her "my lady" and asked for her name while in the books he never called her by her name, which annoyed her. So, in conclusion, the show has completely ruined not only the scene, but also both characters on the whole. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Are you serious dude ? No wonder people don't take the book purists seriously anymore .
2719	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-22	Jaime and Brienne were the saving grace of the episode. The only scene in the episode that felt like the books come to life.If you don't enjoy the show so much, why do you watch it ? I seriously don't understand you people if you have nothing but bitching and complaining .
2720	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	If you don't enjoy the show so much, why do you watch it ? I seriously don't understand you people if you have nothing but bitching and complaining .I don't think it's that folks don't like the show, it's just disappointing to look forward to something and have it be a letdown in the end.  Most of us who complain about this or that also like a lot or it's true, we wouldn't watch.  You're free to love everything HBO does or hate a lot of it, the forum's for all.  One could make the same point about reading complaint posts.  If you don't like the complaints, don't read them.
2721	Clariana	2012-05-22	Like the bit where he clarifies her ancestry... "Of Tarth you say?... That would be Lord Selwyn? Are you his daughter? Hmmm... Stars and crescents..."
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 22 May 2012 - 10:11 AM.
2722	Katydid	2012-05-22	I don't think it's that folks don't like the show, it's just disappointing to look forward to something and have it be a letdown in the end. Most of us who complain about this or that also like a lot or it's true, we wouldn't watch.Thank you for explaining it so clearly.I've had several disappointments from this season (my biggest gripe so far has been the softening of Cersei - I love the crazy, narcissistic bitch she is in the books, and I hope we get to see Lena play her that way soon), but there are also many things I've loved.  Some straight from canon (ie Jaqen & Arya's interactions), some changes or additions (Arya & Tywin's scenes.)But by far, the best thing they've gotten right so far is this first Jaime/Brienne scene.  The dialogue was perfect, both actors nailed it, and their chemistry is spot-on from what we got in the books.  I think Nik has a good handle on how to deliver Jaime, and Gwen (who has read the books) is already showing that she "gets" Brienne. Both actors seem to understand how important this relationship is.  And as long as the producers/HBO follow-suit, I'll be thrilled!
2723	Envie	2012-05-22	Someone mentioned their first thought when they both squeezed into that tiny canoe was what an amazingly sturdy canoe that must be considering how big they both are, and Brienne in full armor too... which isn't very smart over open water... all Jaime would have to do is figure out how to get out of his hand-ties and dump the canoe - Brienne would sink like the Titanic.
2724	Katydid	2012-05-22	Yeah, I was hoping she'd have changed out of the armor & into some traveling garb by that point.  Something lighter, so she can move quicker.  And she was so awkward getting into the boat!  I know Brienne is awkward by nature, but that really came across more as Gwen trying not to fall!  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2725	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	Brienne would sink like the Titanic.LOVE IT.
2726	Lady Octarina	2012-05-22	Yeah, I was hoping she'd have changed out of the armor & into some traveling garb by that point. Something lighter, so she can move quicker. And she was so awkward getting into the boat! I know Brienne is awkward by nature, but that really came across more as Gwen trying not to fall! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />lolI noticed that too, and I wonder if she'll remain in armor, since they're much easier to recognize that way.
2727	Katydid	2012-05-22	If she does stay in her armor, then it's going to be a strange, awkward battle in the creek between them.  He'll be quick as a cat in his light rags, and she'll be slowed down by the heavy armor.
Yeah, wardrobe really needs to get involved there.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2728	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-22	Haha yeah, that crossed my mind too. Thanks to the books' description of all the men falling to their watery doom because of wearing full armour, it's ingrained in my unconscious. Shit, whenever I play Skyrim and I'm swimming around in my heavy armour I'm like "this is so unrealistic" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But wasn't Brienne still pretty heavily armoured at this point in the book? The only difference being them both being in a much bigger boat. Meh. Only the tiniest of quibbles that. So long as he calls her "wench" and we carry on seeing some of this hilarious banter, I'll be pleased.
2729	Patchface12	2012-05-22	I love the banter between them. Easily the best part of this week's episode. One thing has me worried, though. If Roose Bolton is still behind them with Robb, how can they be brought to him?
I'm starting to worry Brienne or the BwB will dehand Jaime, not Vargo Hoat.
2730	Valkyrja	2012-05-22	While obviously I'd love to see Vargo Hoat and the rest of the Bloody Mummers on-screen, I have been thinking for a while now that it could be the BwB that do the 'de-handing'. They have been setting up the BwB this season in the dialogue at Harrenhal, and I guess I just find it hard to believe that the series will manage to include not just one but TWO bands of outlaws. I know, I know, the Brave Companions are sellswords not outlaws, but will HBO really have the time in the plotline or the ability to cast so many characters? Will they dare risk confusing the rest of the audience with introducing two separate bands of outlandish men wandering a (sort of) similar area?
I don't know, I could be wrong, and will be pleasantly surprised if I am.
The only thing that would greatly upset me is if Brienne is the one who cuts off his hand. Just.....no. It would destroy their entire dynamic, not to mention it would be a terrible deviation from the Brienne of the books, who would never do such a thing.
If they have her 'accidentally' cut it off in a fight with him, that would still be an awful, awful way to go about it.
I think the brilliance of Vargo Hoat being the one to cut off Jaime's hand is that Hoat was just making a stupid move in his own little 'game', and it really had nothing to do with Jaime. What I mean is, it wasn't 'personal'. It was just a random act -- not an act of vengeance or even 'justice'. If someone like Brienne (gods forbid!) or even the BwB cuts off his hand, the implications would be much different.
2731	Currawong	2012-05-22	I'm starting to worry Brienne or the BwB will dehand Jaime, not Vargo Hoat.I hardly think it's going to be Brienne!!  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />	 That would 100% destroy their entire storyline.Her sympathy for him starts when he loses his hand and she nurses him through it all, and he would hardly feel kindly towards anyine who maimed him.   Just imagine him arriving back at KL with Brienne, and having his meeting with Tywin.  Cue scene in the Hand's quarters::-"Sorry Dad - some great oaf of a woman chopped my sword hand off, so I'm a bit useless at present.  But hey - I brought her along with me anyway.  Want to meet her?" Tywin's jaw drops."Oh yeah, Dad - forgot to say.  Nice sword you left for me in my quarters.  Valerian steel and all.  Thanks.  But it's a bit too good for me, so I've given it to her.  She's not a bad swordsman really." 
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 22 May 2012 - 07:17 PM.
2732	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	itll probably be clegane to cut it off at this point in this new story
2733	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	The Clegane idea has potential but that would cause a lot of problems down the line as Tywin continues to make use of him.  I can't see it.
2734	gmoney88	2012-05-22	Jamie can't possibly lose his hand this season. I'm hoping for midway through season 3, in episode 4 or 5.
Mostly because they're relationship really changes after that point, and Jamie's arrogance needs to be established beforehand. Lol.....before...hand.... /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
Also, somewhat more importantly, Jamie needs to be established as the ultimate badass! This is, IMO, a huge problem with both the show and the books. Jaime is always talking about how his sword hand defined him, and yet we only ever see him in one fight! (vs. Ned)
If Jaime loses his hand at this point, people will think "Oh, that guy who stood around doing not much and then sat in a cage for a whole season lost a hand? Sucks for him I guess?"
I'm hoping for atleast two epic sword fights before he loses his hand: one against some soldiers (possibly either Robb's or his captor's) to show him dealing swift death without mercy, and one against Brienne, to demonstrate how evenly matched they are.
2735	Currawong	2012-05-22	Jamie needs to be established as the ultimate badass! This is, IMO, a huge problem with both the show and the books. Jaime is always talking about how his sword hand defined him, and yet we only ever see him in one fight!Why is it a problem?   Why do we need to SEE Jaime fighting any more in the TV show than in the books - in fact, we already got a better one on one fight in the TV  Ned-Jaime scene.  We know in the books that he nearly fought his way to kill Robb in the Whispering Wood, but again, that is merely related and not shown.   (Can't recall if it was mentioned in passing in the TV episode where he is captured.)  You are also missing the point that his "reputation" is a key element about the character of Jaime himself, something which NCW has mentioned several times in interviews.  Jaime is known as "Kingslayer" - people just put that tag against him and judge him beccause of it, never bothering about 'why' he did it.  Brienne is one of them at first.   So over the years Jaime has developed this arrogant veneer and verbal armour against the world to deal with all the taunts and disdain, even while knowing that his actions saved thousands of lives.  It's only when he reveals his story in the baths at Harrenhal that Brienne really starts to see behind this veneer and the public 'Kingslayer' tag, and begins to understand the man Jaime, as distinct from the reputation Jaime.  Similarly, Jaime learns to look behind the initial outward appearances with Brienne, and he starts to understand her as a person.  In their own ways, Jaime and Brienne are both defined by reputation and how most people 'see' them, rather than who they really are.  HOW that understanding develops is the core of the J/B relationship.Jaime has a fearsome (and fully justified) reputation as a fighter and swordsman, but again, in the books we only hear about it, we never see it until the fight with Brienne, where he is weak from imprisonment and has hands chained.  We find out that he was knighted at an early age, that he was the youngest ever Kingsguard member (you don't get that if you aren't a briliant fighter), and that Tyrion never bet against Jaime in the lists.  Brienne later admits to herself that she may not have been able to stand against a fully-fit and unchained Jaime. When we get to Jaime dealing with the loss of his hand and functioning as Lord Commander of the KG, as well as negotiating in his AFFC campaign in the Riverlands, we see how incredibly important this reputation is.   Kingslayer, Fighter and Swordsman Jaime is so well known and feared that no-one is game to challenge him, even one-handed.  The way he has to outwardly play on his previous reputation as a swordsman and badass Lannister, evenwhile struggling to make the new reality match up to it, is quite critical to his behaviour in later ASOS and AFFC.ETA:  They've already shown Jaime killing a distant cousin in his escape attempt.  If they also give us the J/B swordfight, then we will have far more really Badass Jaime on TV than we got in the books!
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 22 May 2012 - 09:41 PM.
2736	Reposado	2012-05-22	itll probably be clegane to cut it off at this point in this new storymy bet is that it gets bitten off by ghost. that wolf has to be somewhere
2737	gmoney88	2012-05-22	Yes, I understand that people's perception of him is very important, but his self-identity as a warrior is also key. I think one of the most important quotes about Jamie is when Cersei says he "Only feels alive when he's fighting or fucking". This guy lives to kill, and we need to see that. We get only a glimpse when he fights Ned.
The show would benefit greatly from having Jamie display some combat mastery, and the joy he gets from killing people. We need to be shown that this guy is badass with a sword and that his skill makes him who he is, or the loss of his hand doesn't have as much meaning. This is a flaw in the novels that I hope the show has the wisdom to correct. Once his hand is gone, there's no going back.
2738	Patchface12	2012-05-22	So far as Jaime's dehanding goes, I think the best they could do is have Vargo Hoat do the dehanding, but bring him to one of the Freys in the Riverlands. They are about to royally screw Robb over, so they might as well develop them.
The BwB makes sense in a contrived sort of way, but them hanging Jaime on the spot would be more likely and I don't see them just letting him go. Then again, I didn't see Jaime murdering one of his relatives, but that didn't stop them from writing it in.
2739	Currawong	2012-05-22	Yes, but you got a pretty good impression of how important fighting was to him from his conversation with Alton, though it seems many people didn't 'listen' to what was being said, and just dismissed that bit as needless time-wasting.    There is still the opportunity for the J/B swordfight, and plenty of time for more dialogue.  But frankly, if viewers haven't got the idea of Badass Fighter Jaime by now, then tough luck - perhaps they should go back to the Wiggles.
It is highly amusing to find that on the one hand we have so many people griping and complaining bitterly about the show deviating from the books, and yet when the show DOES follow the books, as in this case, there are also complaints.   Obviously the writers cannot win!
2740	Le Cygne	2012-05-22	I would have liked to see the escape scene the way GRRM wrote it.  Tyrion was behind that plan and Jaime was fighting armed guards of the opposing side (and at one point grabbed a sword), not his cousin. 
As much as I liked the scene in this episode (I also agree, it would have been better sans armor) I am worried what they will do next.  Brienne silences Jaime.  Hopefully we get mud wrestling and he yields.
2741	Patchface12	2012-05-22	If she silences him by cutting off his sword hand, I will give serious thought to not bothering with the next season.
2742	Lady Octarina	2012-05-23	So far as Jaime's dehanding goes, I think the best they could do is have Vargo Hoat do the dehanding, but bring him to one of the Freys in the Riverlands. They are about to royally screw Robb over, so they might as well develop them. The BwB makes sense in a contrived sort of way, but them hanging Jaime on the spot would be more likely and I don't see them just letting him go. Then again, I didn't see Jaime murdering one of his relatives, but that didn't stop them from writing it in. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />The Brotherhood under Beric was not cruel, not like the Brave Companions at least. It would make the change they go through after Beric's final death and Uncat's appearance much less dramatic, it wouldn't really make much sense, especially because we're supposed to sympathize with them on some level. Also, it would make the BwB's encounter with Arya and her gang a little more complicated; imagine how pathetic it would be if there's only one episode between Jaime and Brienne's escape and Arya's appearance! Not to mention that, well, how would a recently crippled man manage to escape dozens of outlaws?
2743	Patchface12	2012-05-23	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> The Brotherhood under Beric was not cruel, not like the Brave Companions at least. It would make the change they go through after Beric's final death and Uncat's appearance much less dramatic, it wouldn't really make much sense, especially because we're supposed to sympathize with them on some level. Also, it would make the BwB's encounter with Arya and her gang a little more complicated; imagine how pathetic it would be if there's only one episode between Jaime and Brienne's escape and Arya's appearance! Not to mention that, well, how would a recently crippled man manage to escape dozens of outlaws?I agree 100%. Its implausible. But then again, why was the heir to Karhold doing a common soldier's job?If they're going to bring Jaime and Brienne to a Frey (prolly garrisoned at Maidenpool) I thought maybe Merret would be best. He and Jaime knew each other as kids and 2 of his daughters and his son become important to the plot. If its Merret in charge, I assume it would be some menial task he was given, esp since D &amp; D have moved most action away from the Riverlands this season, plus its Merret.
							Edited by Patchface12, 23 May 2012 - 09:44 AM.
2744	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	This guy lives to kill, and we need to see that. We get only a glimpse when he fights Ned.The show would benefit greatly from having Jamie display some combat mastery, and the joy he gets from killing people. We need to be shown that this guy is badass with a sword and that his skill makes him who he is, or the loss of his hand doesn't have as much meaning. This is a flaw in the novels that I hope the show has the wisdom to correct. Once his hand is gone, there's no going back.I have to disagree by distinguishing between "killing" and "fighting."  This was, I think, an error in characterization on the part of HBO.  Jaime loves to fight- with a sword- because he's gifted at it.  He's a swordsman, not a killer.  It's the swordplay he loves, that makes him feel alive, not the fact of a kill, per se.  There is a difference (though the ends are the same).  I do think that scene with Ned was good b/c the audience did need to see this paragon of swordplay badassery in action at least once, but you see how pissed he got when one of his men ended the fight early.  He could have finished Ned off right there and got off on the killing, but all the fun was taken out of it because it was no longer a challenge to his abilities as a swordsman.  This distinction is why I didn't care for the Alton killing.  And also why the loss of his hand is so devastating.  If the fact of killing were all there was to it, well, there are many ways to kill other than with a sword.  One can bash another man's head in with a rock with either hand.
2745	Currawong	2012-05-23	I have to disagree by distinguishing between "killing" and "fighting."  This was, I think, an error in characterization on the part of HBO.  Jaime loves to fight- with a sword- because he's gifted at it.  He's a swordsman, not a killer.  It's the swordplay he loves, that makes him feel alive, not the fact of a kill, per se.  There is a difference (though the ends are the same).  I do think that scene with Ned was good b/c the audience did need to see this paragon of swordplay badassery in action at least once, but you see how pissed he got when one of his men ended the fight early.  He could have finished Ned off right there and got off on the killing, but all the fun was taken out of it because it was no longer a challenge to his abilities as a swordsman.  This distinction is why I didn't care for the Alton killing.  And also why the loss of his hand is so devastating.  If the fact of killing were all there was to it, well, there are many ways to kill other than with a sword.  One can bash another man's head in with a rock with either hand. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Jaime loves the actual fighting, and also all that goes with it in tournaments etc.  That was what he was describing to Alton, especially where he spoke of how dreams and reality became one,  I thought his dialogue in the Alton scene was wonderful, but like you, I disagreed with him actually killing this distant relative kid who'd worshipped him. @ Le Cygne.  They couldn't do the escape attempt as in the book, because Jaime was being held in cages at camps, not in the castle at Riverrun.   Once they decided not to show the various Riverrun scenes, the GRRM escape also went out the window.  @ Patchface12 - why would they take them all the way to a Frey at Maidenpool, miles away across on the coast?  The J/B trip, including the capture,  takes place in the Riverlands.  No, we haven't seen Riverrun or the Tullys, but we have seen both Harrenhal and Roose Bolton, and we've also seen Tywin and his troops leave Harrenhal to rush across to KL.   Thats important, because several critical scenes in the J/B story during ASOS take place in Harrenhal - the bath scene, the bear pit and Jaime's rescue, and it's on the way from Harrenhal to KL after the rescue that they get the news of the RW.
2746	Katydid	2012-05-23	If she silences him by cutting off his sword hand, I will give serious thought to not bothering with the next season.I wouldn't have to give it any thought.  If the producers were dumb enough as to take their creative liberties THAT idiotically off the charts?  Yeah, they'd lose me completely.As mentioned elsewhere, it would utterly ruin the J/B dynamic.  How could Jaime come to respect and care for Brienne if she were the one to take his hand?  Why would he bother saving her from being raped/a bear if she were the cause of his ultimate misery?Never gonna happen.
2747	Patchface12	2012-05-23	I think its safe to say the bear's out, and where-ever Jaime and Brienne are taken won't be Harrenhal since Gregor holds it.
I said Maidenpool because Jaime and Brienne were captured in sight of the castle. Also, Arya lying she's from Maidenpool before Tywin caught her makes me wonder if the producers have plans for the place prior to its importance in Feast
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 23 May 2012 - 11:53 AM.
2748	Jolene Brown	2012-05-23	There is plenty of time for someone else (perhaps Roose) to take over Harrenhal before Jaime/Brienne are captured.  I think they will end up at Harrenhal, for the practical reason that they have a nice looking set, and why not use it?  They're done with the Tywin/arya stuff there, now they can use it for Jaime/Brienne.  I have stated my hatred for the Talisa storyline many times, so I won't re-iterate it here, but one good thing they could do with it is use it as a catalyst for sending Roose away - he is annoyed about the relationship, Robb doesn't like it, and sends him off to take Harrenhall.  In Season 3, he flips Rorge/Biter/their new leader, takes Harrenhall from Clegane, and sends Rorge/Biter/their new leader out to look for Jaime.  Then Roger or Biter or even Zollo himself (why not use their old Dothraki costumes!) will cut off Jaime's hand.  I think they will save that for Season 3 so there's no reason to think it has to happen with the players now on the canvas or the situation as it is .  There will be new characters and new set-ups for season 3.  The Lannister/Tyrell victory at Blackwater will change allegiances and move people around.
2749	Currawong	2012-05-23	I think its safe to say the bear's out,You have inside knowledge of this?   They can CGI direwolves, they can CGI a bear.
2750	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	The Clegane idea has potential but that would cause a lot of problems down the line as Tywin continues to make use of him. I can't see it.i was making a bad joke! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
2751	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	I have to disagree by distinguishing between "killing" and "fighting." This was, I think, an error in characterization on the part of HBO. Jaime loves to fight- with a sword- because he's gifted at it. He's a swordsman, not a killer. It's the swordplay he loves, that makes him feel alive, not the fact of a kill, per se. There is a difference (though the ends are the same). I do think that scene with Ned was good b/c the audience did need to see this paragon of swordplay badassery in action at least once, but you see how pissed he got when one of his men ended the fight early. He could have finished Ned off right there and got off on the killing, but all the fun was taken out of it because it was no longer a challenge to his abilities as a swordsman. This distinction is why I didn't care for the Alton killing. And also why the loss of his hand is so devastating. If the fact of killing were all there was to it, well, there are many ways to kill other than with a sword. One can bash another man's head in with a rock with either hand.This is some serious hair splitting.  He smashes that one guy in the bear pit that talks about BRienne.  he thinks to himself "I want to FIGHT", not "I want to fence"...oh and that one little thing with that kid in the tower in the north.
2752	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	This is some serious hair splitting. He smashes that one guy in the bear pit that talks about BRienne. he thinks to himself "I want to FIGHT", not "I want to fence"...True, it's a fine line, as I said, the end result is the same.  But if the killing were the thing, I'd see him more likely to idolize the Hound than someone like the Sword of the Morning, Selmy, etc.  Killing by swordplay is what he lives for.  That and Cersei.  Which leads to...oh and that one little thing with that kid in the tower in the north."The things I do for love.." He did that for Cersei and their "life" together, not because he just thought it'd be fun to chuck a kid out the window to his death.
2753	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-23	Sadly, I predict "Brienne silencing Jaime" will be another case of making Jaime seem less skilled than he should be in order to build up some other character. We saw Ned go toe to toe with him which wouldn't have happened in the books. We saw Jaime act afraid of the direwolf despite the books explicitly saying he isn't afraid to die. And on and on... Poor Jaime.
2754	summer_stark	2012-05-23	this isn't exactly on point, but i was reading tv w/o pity (the board for non-readers -- which i love, although sometimes i get the feeling that some  book-reading asshats are posting on the site based on the absurdly on point predictions.  anyway, after jaime's reappearance, the general consensus is - "yay! jaime's back! we love jaime!" not a complete love -- more like a -- he's so funny and honest -- love.  nothing like the hatred for theon/joffrey -- people are stoked he's back. almost no one cared that he killed his cousin.  very interesting and makes me have a little more faith in d&d's vision.
2755	House Snow	2012-05-23	Its a testament to how well NCW plays him.  He is by FAR, even more than Tyrion, the most charasmatic guy on the show, even though almost everything he has ever said should make him come off total jerk.  I mean everyone like Brienne but you can't help laugh when he says something to her.
2756	StarkWard	2012-05-23	Far from the silencing topic, but if it's not the Brave Companions that will take Jaime's hand (given their lack of setup/introduction), does that mean there will be no bear pit? Me loves bear pit! And Brienne in a dress.
2757	Maria Underfoot	2012-05-24	That scene was the best of the episode!! When Nikolaj said "horses?", I couldn't stop laughing... His insolent little laugh and Brienne's awkwardness were ideal, exactly how i pictured them.A bit off the topic, I think there must be a bear pit..... Showing Jaime as fun and all is great, but he also needs to appear more human, more "honorable" (not quite the word /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />), more capable of caring about someone other than himself or Cersei. Saving Brienne was not only an awesome scene, but also a big step in his redemption, as well as a step in their relationship. I'm sure George won't ket them cut it out......
2758	Rapsie	2012-05-24	Shit, whenever I play Skyrim and I'm swimming around in my heavy armour I'm like "this is so unrealistic" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I feel stupid. That never occurred to me playing the game!It's the glass and weaponry that I always find amusing. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But wasn't Brienne still pretty heavily armoured at this point in the book? The only difference being them both being in a much bigger boat. Meh. Only the tiniest of quibbles that. So long as he calls her "wench" and we carry on seeing some of this hilarious banter, I'll be pleased.From the looks of it the Jaime and Brienne scenes are going to be one of the great highlights of Season 3.Edit: Also they can quite easily adapt the story so that Roose is sent towards Harrenhal, has hired mercenaries that capture Jaime and Brienne and bring them back to camp. I don't even mind if they ditch the bear in favour of Brienne in some sort of unfair fight and Jaime coming back to rescue her. Given the depressing potential of Tyrion and Dany's storylines in seasons 5 and 6, Jaime's and Brienne's prominence in those seasons should be great.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 24 May 2012 - 04:49 AM.
2759	Patchface12	2012-05-24	Hopefully, 'Brienne silencing Jaime' is just their swordfight earlier than in the story, only the Bloody Mummers don't capture them right afterwards. Given all the nasty things Jaime has done, I'm sure the TV audience who never read the books would enjoy seeing Jaime getting his ass kicked.
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 24 May 2012 - 09:53 AM.
2760	Katydid	2012-05-24	Hopefully, 'Brienne silencing Jaime' is just their swordfight earlier than in the story, only the Bloody Mummers don't capture them right afterwards. Given all the nasty things Jaime has done, I'm sure the TV audience who never read the books would enjoy seeing Jaime getting his ass kicked.I'm really thinking that their fight won't take place until S3 now.  They simply don't have time...do they?We shouldn't expect to see J/B again until episode 10.  They HAVE to give them some build-up...their relationship is simply too important.  And throwing them straight into the fight scene would clip that severely, unless they spend 3/4 of the episode on their river journey.I really do hope that 'Brienne silencing Jaime' is due to her quick thinking and competence in outsmarting and defeating of the extra 40 men that Robb is sending after the Kingslayer.  Jaime is probably going to be yammering on about how she needs his help, she should unlock his chains and give him a sword...and Brienne will shut him up by doing it all herself.Or maybe something similar.  I hope so, anyway!!  I want as much of these two on-screen as possible, so dragging out their river journey is fine by me!
2761	Currawong	2012-05-24	Or of course it could be that "Brienne silences Jaime" means she just finally shoves a gag in his mouth and continues paddling serenely downriver!  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2762	Jolene Brown	2012-05-24	Or of course it could be that "Brienne silences Jaime" means she just finally shoves a gag in his mouth and continues paddling serenely downriver!  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />That's funny, I've been thinking the exact same thing!  But we do need their banter, or else their scenes are going to be awfully brief.  Maybe she'll gag him temporarily and make him promise to be on his best behavior before she removes the gag.
2763	Currawong	2012-05-25	Maybe she'll gag him temporarily and make him promise to be on his best behavior before she removes the gag.Jaime being on his "best behaviour" with Brienne could be just as funny!   "I haven't said a thing, my lady.  I'm just looking at you."
2764	Catherine Storm	2012-05-25	J&B is my favourite storyline in the books and I kept thinking the escape and river scene had already been aired(only because of my awesome imagination).  Couldn't wait to see them together on screen and wasn't disappointed. 
Need moar banter and wench calling.
To the writers, pls don't take his hand yet!!
Also please don't remove the hot tub scene!!
*fangirling*
2765	Catherine Storm	2012-05-25	Far from the silencing topic, but if it's not the Brave Companions that will take Jaime's hand (given their lack of setup/introduction), does that mean there will be no bear pit? Me loves bear pit! And Brienne in a dress.Â<U+0093>Ser Jaime?Â<U+0094> Even in soiled pink satin and torn lace, Brienne looked more like a man in a gown than a proper woman. Â<U+0093>I am grateful, butÂ<U+0085>you were well away. Why come back?Â<U+0094>Â A dozen quips came to mind, each crueler than the one before, but Jaime only shrugged.Â<U+0093>I dreamed of you,Â<U+0094> he said.http://29.media.tumb...hgqofo1_250.jpgMake it happen!!! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2766	Tadco26	2012-05-25	I know it's nitpicking, but I honestly though their dialogue was a bit backwards from what I expected.  The show has Jamie asking her name, where the first half of their journey centered around him not caring what her name is and constantly calling her wench and her correcting him with "My name is Brienne."
Not that it ruins the scenes or anything, it just stood out to me a bit.
2767	Katydid	2012-05-25	Also please don't remove the hot tub scene!! *fangirling*"I am grateful, butÂ<U+0085>you were well away. Why come back?" A dozen quips came to mind, each crueler than the one before, but Jaime only shrugged."I dreamed of you," he said.http://29.media.tumb...hgqofo1_250.jpgMake it happen!!! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />THESE, please!!!  I believe GRRM is writing one of the episodes for S3...I hope & pray that it includes a big J/B moment!
2768	Currawong	2012-05-27	I know it's nitpicking, but I honestly though their dialogue was a bit backwards from what I expected.  The show has Jamie asking her name, where the first half of their journey centered around him not caring what her name is and constantly calling her wench and her correcting him with "My name is Brienne."Not that it ruins the scenes or anything, it just stood out to me a bit.It's perfectly Jaime in its arrogance and needling and his "I am a knight, what are you?' attitude.  In the book we never see the scene where they escape into the boat - we move from Cat calling for Brienne's sword in ACOK, to Jaime's POV chapter in ASOS, where they are already in the boat sailing down the river, and he recalls how they escaped.  So unless you wanted them to do the entire TV scene in total silence, they had to have the characters say "something":   There's plenty of time for the 'wench' needling.
2769	Lord Haart	2012-05-28	Personally, I liked the parallels between Jon Snow + Yigrette and Brienne + Jaime.  I've been enjoying both sets of actors quite a lot so far.
2770	summer_stark	2012-05-20	um so no weasel soup -- like i predicted.  use of the third name to help her escape instead of having her kill the guard and get the coin.  no coin (yet, still holding out hope for the last episode) -- and she names Jaqen in a totally weird way -- hey can you kill tywin now? no, ok please kill yourself. no, ok help me escape instead of any of that.  umm cool. 
this is basically how i figured it would work out if my worst scenario came true.  i. am. pissed.
arya-lovers, i'm talking to you -- what did you think?
2771	moonsblood	2012-05-20	No weasel soup is such a bummer!  I think Jaqen must meet her on the road and change and give the coin, he has to hear her take his name back etc.  I really hope her arc starts to get back on track from here on out.
2772	teemo	2012-05-20	I can't believe Tywin would just leave a highborn girl there like that.  He knows an Arya Stark is missing, and there is a mysterious girl of highborn status living at Harrenhal, and he just leaves her there...OK.  And yes, no Weasel soup was sad.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 20 May 2012 - 09:17 PM.
2773	summer_stark	2012-05-20	i figure they must meet too -- if only b/c the last episode is called valar morghulis.  and maybe you're right re: taking the name back, but i think she sort of already did.  but maybe she has to do more explicitly -- whatever, i'm for it all the way.  and yes, he does have to change his face etc.  i knew they would sanitize her and have her not kill anyone -- i totally said this would happen a few weeks ago.  no tickler, no guard, no killing people during the yoren take down -- it's like d&amp;d don't want her to go through with her story arc -- which is, um hi -- killing people.
edit: wow. i must've been seeing red when i wrote this b/c those were some heinous grammatical errors.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 20 May 2012 - 11:22 PM.
2774	The Sun's Son	2012-05-20	Don't fret, the title of episode ten guarantees that she will run into Jaqen again.
Obviously bummed that we don't get any Weasel soup but I don't really think anybody should be too surprised. That would have required more set up and we haven't had much of that at Harrenhal. The scenes have been restricted to Arya/Tywin and Arya/Jaqen and not much else.
2775	moonsblood	2012-05-20	no nightwolf! what the shit is that?
2776	unJon	2012-05-20	I can't believe Tywin would just leave a highborn girl there like that. He knows an Arya Stark is missing, and there is a mysterious girl of highborn status living at Harrenhal, and he just leaves her there...OK. And yes, no Weasel soup was sad.Um, why does he know Arya Stark is missing??
2777	WinterWarrior	2012-05-20	Get over it - how can you have Weasel soup when we have not seen the northmen in the dungeons? And Arya has never been Weasel? We have not seen leaders of the northmen at Harrenhall. We know they have prisoners but not who they are. Arya has made no connection with them.
The Arya portion of the show made perfect sense to me. Now they will escape, meet up with Dondarrian's outlaws and the Arya events leading up to the Red Wedding will probably follow the book to a certain extent. I am still holding out hope that when Jaqen gives her the coin she chooses to go with him to train at the House of Black and White as he invites her to do. That would move her story along and maybe even get it in front of the books. The events before she gets on the ship don't make much sense now (except she needs to get Needle back, so maybe the Inn scene with the Hound will make it into the HBO show)
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 20 May 2012 - 09:29 PM.
2778	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-20	I don't have a problem with them cutting out the weasel soup so much as I wish they would have shown her kill at least one guard on her way out of Harrenhal.  The whole Harrenhal experience represents a complete and total loss of innocence for Arya...just not feeling it in the series.  One Lannister throat slash, cut to Arya staring at the bloody knife for a second, and then she continues on her way without so much as a glance back.  That would have done volumes for her character
However, I DID love where Jaqen accuses a girl of having no honor and Arya just shrugs it off.  Honor seems to get a man killed in Westeros...it is known.
2779	teemo	2012-05-20	Um, why does he know Arya Stark is missing??How couldn't he?  The rest of the Lannisters in KL do, and people tell Tywin things.
2780	summer_stark	2012-05-20	yes. thank you.  not killing the guard is the main fail.  i ranted last week that weasel soup was getting left out. so no, not surprised.  she's an assassin who doesn't kill anyone? what is she going to do? become a baker with hot pie?
2781	summer_stark	2012-05-20	Get over it - how can you have Weasel soup when we have not seen the northmen in the dungeons? And Arya has never been Weasel? We have not seen leaders of the northmen at Harrenhall. We know they have prisoners but not who they are. Arya has made no connection with them.The Arya portion of the show made perfect sense to me. Now they will escape, meet up with Dondarrian's outlaws and the Arya events leading up to the Red Wedding will probably follow the book to a certain extent. I am still holding out hope that when Jaqen gives her the coin she chooses to go with him to train at the House of Black and White as he invites her to do. That would move her story along and maybe even get it in front of the books. The events before she gets on the ship don't make much sense now (except she needs to get Needle back, so maybe the Inn scene with the Hound will make it into the HBO show)i hate this scenario.  and no, i didn't expect weasel soup w/o northerners thanks for the vote of confidence though. b/c yea i'm that stupid.  this is a discussion arya lovers have been having for weeks.  about whether there was time for northerners to be brought in -- lots of people thought yes that tywin would leave early in the episode and the episode would end with northerners -- i thought this was unlikely, but held out hope.  also, while i had been grooming myself for this for awhile (see below), i am more upset that she's been totally sanitized.  jaqen helped her escape like she couldn't have done it on her own -- and she is supposed to be able to do it on her own, and to do what needs to be done to get out.rant: of all the things to leave out, weasel soup?!? weasel soup?!? that's the reason jaqen gives her the coin b/c he respects her and thinks she could make a great assassin someday (aww how sweet) -- but in the preview for next episode she distinctly tells jaqen "you have to kill him now" which probably refers to tywin -- b/c tywin is leaving -- which presents a weird problem for the jaqen storyline -- if he agrees, then tywin dies now and doesnt do everything he is supposed to do which doesnt make any sense - and if jaqen refuses, then it goes against his whole you pick a name and the deed will be done thing, which doesnt make sense either.  also, it would mean that weasel soup is very friggin unlikely.  ugh. as much as i love those scenes, i feel like they shouldve had him leave last episode at the latest and had the northern prisoners brought in.
2782	Independent George	2012-05-20	How couldn't he? The rest of the Lannisters in KL do, and people tell Tywin things.They also don't send messages through a war zone which could be intercepted, particularly when it reduces their leverage against their enemies. King's Landing is locked down for the siege, and they don't want the world knowing they lost one of their most valuable hostages.From a plot perspective, weasel soup wasn't that important; once the Northern POWs were written out of Harrenhall, weasel soup became irrelevant.From a character development standpoint, Arya killing the guard was more important (as it's her first true 'murder', and puts her on the dark path she follows), but again - it's not essential. I don't like the way that she's more of a bystander in her own escape, but at the same time, it lets her character keep her innocence a little longer. That has its own potential going forward. I'd call this a lateral change.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 20 May 2012 - 09:39 PM.
2783	teemo	2012-05-20	well, i know that, but I figured he would know anyway by now.  *shrug*  guess not.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 20 May 2012 - 09:36 PM.
2784	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-20	The weasel soup was obvious that would not happen, mainly because Arya, at the series, was never known as Weasel.
Arya + Jaqen worked greatly. It was a bit funny, it made sense, she was pissed (for not having time to kill Tywin).
By the way, Maisie Williams deserves an Emmy indication. Great job as Arya.
2785	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-20	[mod] Keep it civil. Any more snarky comments between boarders will result in deletions and possibly bannings. Thank you. [/mod]
2786	House Snow	2012-05-20	I'm not so dissapointed about weasal soup or that Arya didn't kill someone (the show has been very diligent about not giving kids and dwarves the superpowers they had in the book, which I totally agree with) but I was hoping the kill would be a little cooler.  Someone brought up that they might not really be out of harranhall yet and that maybe something cool will happen outside the gate.  I hope so b/c that would otherwise be kind of an anticlimatic end to Arya's arc.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 20 May 2012 - 09:49 PM.
2787	Patchface12	2012-05-20	Yeah, they prolly escaped with Jaqen. I'll bet Rorge and Biter are with them, since I don't think even a bamf Jaqen could have killed all those guards by himself.
2788	Rapsie	2012-05-20	Although she has had a descent amount of screen time, this season has been as void of characterisation for Arya as it has for Sansa. Both girls have had the developments in their stories and personalities removed. Ayra became the ghost in Harrenhal and Weasel Soup and her killing a Guard and basically manipulating Gendry and Hot Pie to leave with her, were huge steps in her development. They have been completely removed and it now appears that she just has saviours who swoop in and rescue her (the scene where Tywin works out she's a girl and makes her the cupbearer for example). Arya has been saved by Yoren etc, but she also used her initiative in Harrenhal and it developed her personality.
2789	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	they have eliminated so much of the basic characterization that will make Arya a FM
BOOOOO
2790	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	Although she has had a descent amount of screen time, this season has been as void of characterisation for Arya as it has for Sansa. Both girls have had the developments in their stories and personalities removed. Ayra became the ghost in Harrenhal and Weasel Soup and her killing a Guard and basically manipulating Gendry and Hot Pie to leave with her, were huge steps in her development. They have been completely removed and it now appears that she just has saviours who swoop in and rescue her (the scene where Tywin works out she's a girl and makes her the cupbearer for example). Arya has been saved by Yoren etc, but she also used her initiative in Harrenhal and it developed her personality.correct, dont you know that being a victim and classic princess needing rescue makes for a perfect ninja
2791	House Snow	2012-05-20	No offense but Arya killing Grown men in armor at this point is in no way believable.
2792	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	No offense but Arya killing Grown men in armor at this point is in no way believable.why, it was perfectly believable in the book, here is a coin, oops dropped it, expose neck, slice neckperfectinstead we are left with zero empowerment for the one female character that has continously shown growth through the series.how is one to believe this girl is capable of becoming a FM, sorry i just cant
2793	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	She stabbed the stable boy in season 1 - and think she'll stab Polliver at the crossroad inn next season. Plus, by then she'll have lost her father, mother and brother - and will hear from the hound (or someone) about Winterfell. Desperation will push her into going to Bravos, which is in keeping with the books. It's not like she did it with he intention of becoming an assassin.
2794	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-20	Yeah, that was pretty lame and didn't make a whole lot of sense. She went from wanting Tywin dead to naming Jaqen to then wanting to escape in about a minute. They should have at least had a quick scene of Gregor being horrible or something, so that it made it clear that's why she wanted to leave. I guess that's why they left in that scene with Rorge, but I didn't really buy that one short scene as the sudden reason for her wanting to escape.
Poorly done; pretty disappointed in the Arya Jaqen arc that the show has taken. THey haven't even made him that mysterious; he's just the smiling foreign guy that kills people for Arya.
2795	summer_stark	2012-05-20	She stabbed the stable boy in season 1 - and think she'll stab Polliver at the crossroad inn next season. Plus, by then she'll have lost her father, mother and brother - and will hear from the hound (or someone) about Winterfell. Desperation will push her into going to Bravos, which is in keeping with the books. It's not like she did it with he intention of becoming an assassin.even if desperation pushed her to braavos, she wouldn't stay at the house and black and white if she wasnt ready.  the point isn't that she intended to become an assassin -- it's that these are some of the events that put her on that path.  otherwise, why not leave the hob&w and go to the wall?  we are just talking about character development, and how she became who she was by the end of adwd.  the stable boy was an accident.  the other deaths were intentional -- she killed men during the yoren take down and the guard was a very deliberate move of killing someone who was merely "in her way" to use jaime's words.and like arrogant bastard and i have said -- it made very little sense that she named tywin, he said not now, she named jaqen instead. jaqen bristles. she doesn't say go kill tywin now or i wont take the name back.  she says help me escape.  why? where did that come from? so left field.  it wouldve made more sense if she'd ask for him to help and then he denied her.  b/c asking re: tywin and he says cant do it -- anyone else sure, but tywin has plot armor--is just contrived -- especially since we know he can kill fast.
2796	Faraday	2012-05-20	Eh. I am a bit disappointed we didn't get to see Arya take a life on escpaing Harrenhall. I guess it can just be moved to a later date, maybe in episode 10? Obviously she'll still get the coin - that's too important to drop. It's weird, I've liked the Arya plotline this season but it's very different than the books and I'm wondering how it'll affect Arya as a character. She really shouldn't be the same, but I get the impression she will be?
I mean I guess even considering what she went through it sort of makes sense, but the book was a much more traumatic experience for her. So yeah, while I had no actual problems and liked the scene it is a bit of a departure from the books.
2797	Risha	2012-05-20	Miss the weasel soup, but not surprised--too much set up without future plot development. Little miffed that Arya did not have to kill a guard to escape, but I do think that D&D are doing a decent job of balancing viewer expectation (can't have kids killing people left and right on TV, even HBO) and showing Arya's growing sense of empowerment. They are VERY lucky that Maisie is so great: killing the stable boy with just the right amount of freaking; cool as a cucumber when the "gold cloaks" come looking for her; verbal sparring with Tywin (still don't like that Tywin change, tho); her serious consideration of slitting Tywin's throat; taking control of Hot Pie by the ears. I see the development clues on screen and would probably get it without my book knowledge. I have faith in the intelligence level of those drawn to watching GoT without prior book-reading, and applaud D&D for their efforts to maintain the spirit of the story within budget and time constraints. Still enjoying seeing my imagination come to life on the screen!
And can't say enough about Maisie! YOU GO GIRL!!
So much more awaits in the last two episodes: the coin and the dissolving of Jaquen, the BWB, the House of the Undying, J & B sparring, a certain death beyond the Wall, wildfire and the chain and the whole battle. Can't wait!
2798	Darth Pipes	2012-05-20	The sanitizing of Arya's character this season has been a disappointed.  Granted, she's ordering murders so she's not innocent.  But she didn't kill anyone during the "battle" at Castle Darry and she didn't even kill the guard to get out of Harrenhal.  No Weasel soup, as the writers apparently decided to take a good scene from the books and make a bad one for the show.  Arya's Harrenhal storyline ends with an epic fail.
2799	Gogossos	2012-05-21	From a production point of view, I understood that having Charles and Maisie in the same set meant hey did what they did. Because of the addition of extra Dany and Robb scenes, they had to cut Arya's journey etc etc. My problem is that a. the whole weasel soup scenario was too good to drop and b. while the plot will catch up with the books later on, the character won't and this will make it feel awkward next season.
2800	Frumpus	2012-05-21	Who's to say she'll even become a FM? People are quick to forget that the tv show is diverging big time from the books next season.
2801	summer_stark	2012-05-21	Who's to say she'll even become a FM? People are quick to forget that the tv show is diverging big time from the books next season.that would be such a bummer.  i could see it, which is even more of a bummer.
2802	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-21	Hopefully Jaqen meets up with Arya, someone sees the guards dead and some people chase them down.  Than Arya can get in a kill and it doesn't look too ruthless.
2803	kephv	2012-05-21	What an anticlimactic escape. I would've been happier if they just set up her escape this episode and saved the actual escape for the ep 10 (9 is all BW). I actually thought for a second there she was going to slit some guard's throat, but they skipped that for some reason. It's important for where she's headed that they don't skip that though, so I'm hoping that she'll kill someone in ep 10 to make up for it -- Polliver perhaps?Who's to say she'll even become a FM? People are quick to forget that the tv show is diverging big time from the books next season.It's sad that people even consider this a possibility. Though I can't blame anyone, what with the direction the show has been taking with several characters and all.
2804	Envie	2012-05-21	At first I was really disappointed the weasel soup plot was being cut from Arya's Harrenhal story because like many others, it was one of my favorite parts in the book. But in thinking on it from a filming standpoint, I think I can understand maybe why they decided not to put it in and instead have Arya be Tywin's cup bearer for the entirety of her captivity there. Here's my bullet points on possible reasons why they decided to play it the way they have:- Making Arya Tywin's cup bearer gave us tons and tons of exposition material. She was basically privy to every battle plan he made. And even though we know she can't do anything about it, its still a great tool for us, the invisible audience, to get filled in on a lot of details as they played out. - The casting and scene shoots necessary to make Arya become "Nan" and "Weasel" and even the "Ghost of Harrenhal" would have been immense and they've already put a lot of effort into making Harrenhal look pretty believable with the number of cast members and extras there. All that for a few scenes in a couple of episodes. They had to look at the overall cost of scenes that basically do not propel the story line forward overall. YES, I agree, its immensely important for Arya's personal character development, but was it really that important for the overall story of the war happening outside the castle? No.- Complicating Arya's 'journey' down the dark black hole towards future assassin at this point in the series isn't really as necessary as everyone may think it is. For the viewer who doesn't know the books, they're getting a pretty good idea that Arya's not your 'average' little girl and that her thoughts and motivations are becoming much more adult-like and moving her further and further from innocence. I don't think anyone's going to feel she's lessened by the lack of murders at this point. She's still quite a ways away from the worst of it in her story. That being said, I do agree with those who felt she should have at least had one death scene with a guard to better solidify her bravery and willingness to kill for what she wants. She's already showing more balls than hot pie and gendry combined, but having them see her kill a man would have really put her in perspective for everyone. I wonder if they're still playing her down as a 'helpless' child until after the finale of this season and her journey to Bravos. I also thought the naming of Jaqen scene was a little more awkward than I had hoped for and I would have preferred it play out more like the book, except that they've changed all that so its letting their lesser skill slip a bit in comparison to how Martin deftly twisted the plot for us. They've done a magnificent job in other areas with the changes they've made so I have to assume that this was just a little bit of a stumble over dialogue that had to be changed since there's no captives to be freed and they wanted a way for that scene to play out with the same emphasis on her clever ability to twist Jaqen into doing what she wants. Much more awkwardly done however.
2805	LordofWinter	2012-05-21	Can somebody tell me who this girl is and why we are following her story instead of Arya Stark's? The Arya I know didn't sit and reminise with Tywin Lannister. And she didn't just walk out of Harrenhal without any blood on her hands. Mind you I always felt bad for the poor
 girl to have had to turn learn to murder people 
at such a young age; which is why she was 
always my favourite character, she had faced 
harsher scenarios than most of the knights or 
great lords we've read about in this series. The 
show has seriously "Sansa-ed" up her story line. 
Honestly what's the worst Arya has it in the 
show? All of her hardships are gone.
-selling pigeons to survive
-escaping Amory Lorch and his bag of douche
-leading hotpie, gendry, and lommy through the 
woods safely, with her excellent sense of direction/understanding of nature
-trying to rescue gendry
-weese
-roose bolton and his men
-weasel soup
-having to kill a man in order to escape Harrenhal 
At this point she barely resembles the character i know, worried about and loved reading. SOOO MAD RIGHT NOW!
					
					
							Edited by LordofWinter, 21 May 2012 - 03:04 AM.
2806	Morrigan	2012-05-21	It was garbage and these idiot writers are ruining Arya's character. The only way they can redeem themselves (and Arya) is by having her kill someone in cold blood. And soon.
2807	Lord of the Night	2012-05-21	Arya's story has been completely ruined. First they kill off The Tickler, robbing Arya of a vital scene down the line where we see just how much her travels have affected her and her attitude towards killing. Second they kill Amory Lorch which takes away the bear pit scene and Arya's line about it being a black bear, just like Yoren. Now the frakking weasel soup has been cut?! I predicted that this would happen when The Tickler died, and it has happened. Now Arya has virtually no kills to her name, which has destroyed her character development.
The writers are clearly trying to keep Arya innocent, but that is not what her frakking story is about! If we want an innocent little girl in a dark world we have Sansa for that, Arya is the adapter that is becoming as dark as the world. And I doubt Game of Thrones will show that.
LotN
2808	WITCHKING	2012-05-21	Where is the Goat?
2809	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-05-21	Here's the thing about Arya's story at Harrenhall; in the books, it's clearly split up into two distinct sections. One where the Lannisters are in control of it and another where the North is. For many reasons, this has been compressed into one storyline where it's only the Lannisters. There are many clear reasons for this; it gives us Arya as Tywin's cupbearer instead of Roose's thus providing tension and exposition, it allows Roose to stay by Robb's side and set him up as Robb's right-hand man over this season and the next, making his murder of Robb at the Red Wedding all the more shocking, and just the general issue of limited time to tell this story.I bring this up because "weasel soup" is inherently linked with the idea that there are two sections of Arya's Harrenhall story. It's a transition between the two with the freeing of the North men and whatnot. Without the North coming to Harrenhall (and without the "Weasel" stuff at all since Arya's second-half-of-Harrenhall material, being a cupbearer, was chosen as her role there in the show), there's really no need for weasel soup other than the fact that it is (admittedly) a pretty cool scene. But from a pragmatic point-of-view, it makes absolute sense to merge Arya forcing Jaqen to do her bidding by using his name and their escape from Harrenall.Same with Arya murdering the guard. That's the "finale" to the second half of the Harrenhall material, after she's given the coin by Jaqen and is becoming darker and more ruthless. She's not there yet as a character so it makes total sense not have her do it this early. But next season? I'd bet good money that the Harrenhall escape scene from the book is adapted in some form in a future scene. The show's truncating the actual events of Arya's story, it's true, but from what I can see, it's still headed for the Brotherhood, the Hound and Braavos, with all the darkness and murder that implies.
2810	Lord Yarwyck	2012-05-21	She'll kill Polliver in the next episode, and that will be when Jaqen gives her the coin.  My prediction anyway.
2811	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	my bet is she will pet a kitten and dress in a frilly whte dress, then jaqhen will give her thecoin
2812	The Monkey	2012-05-21	Aye, it was a bit of a let-down. We need to have Arya kill in cold blood. Also annoyed that we didn't see Jaq'en in action.
2813	Night Gathers	2012-05-21	The best part of a Clash of Kings was the weasel soup scene. She doesn't need to be Weasel for the scene to happen. I was so looking forward to it, the best scene in the whole book. I'm hoping the last episode will impress since it's called "Valar Morghulis" it has to be significant to Jaqen's coin.
2814	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	That was really bad. One hell of a tacky substitute for weasel soup.
2815	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	seems to me a meeting with JH in the future will seem contrived, arya is supposed to be on the run and JH is well either at Harrenhall or changingfaces and moving to Oldtown, if he is part of the garrison that chases arya, it will seem contrived that he is one of those that meets up with her.
2816	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-21	I was looking forward to the facechanging scene. I have no complaints about the actual escape though.
2817	The hairy bear	2012-05-21	I'm fine with the producers making all the changes they need to make the story work in their book. Taking away the weasel soup, changing the three deads, making Arya  Tywin's cupbearer,... I can accept all of this.
My problem is that they have completely missed the tone. Harrenhal should have been a terrible place that had converted Arya to an hardened girl. I don't see why she feels the need to flee from TV Harrenhal where she'll be much better there than in the woods. But the fact that Gendry and Hot Pie follow her is just unbeliavable. And Arya's future development is at risk of not making too much sense.
They seem to be making Arya to stay as a likeable clever girl instead of the emotionless killer that she should be becoming.
2818	boojam	2012-05-21	I can see now why Tywin never asked her name.
Well ... I expected a replacement for Weasel Soup, I just did not think it would be so 'off stage'.
Interesting that Jaqen finally gets to explain that a named victim will always take a hit, but that it can take a long time to get done. (He says at least a month in show, tho I thought he said longer in the book.)
Some of Arya and Jaqen's dialog , in the 'thrid naming' is almost straight from the book.
I did not expect they would jam so many sequences in such that some variant on Weasel Soup would not play out.
It's left as a mystery as to how Jaqen took down , what ?, at least 6 gate guards, tho something a FM could do... but alas they left the action out.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 21 May 2012 - 07:30 AM.
2819	The Monkey	2012-05-21	I've been thinking. Maybe they did show some character development in Arya after all. We've had four (?) episodes of Arya/Tywin interacting, where he has shown her respect, trust and affection, confiding in her some of his doubts and secrets. And after all that, Arya still wants the man dead without a second thought. I think this shows her emerging ruthlessness, and not letting abstract things like honour stand in her way.
2820	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	Arya's story is the essence of the issue I have with HBO's adaptation this season.
Book Arya was always a bit odd, not at all like a lady.  Tomboy, prefering scabs to sewing, HBO got that right in season 1.  She started training with SF, got that right.  The changes started a little in Season 1 with the killing of the stableboy, which they made an accident more than an intentional self defense act, but passable.
This season they have thrown the book  out the window.
She did not kill men in Yoren's last battle, she did not run out and back into a burning building to save 3 men in a cage, she did not lead her compatriots through the woods, she did not try to save gendry, she did not transform into a sheep, she did not transform into a mouse (those transformations are critical to her experience with the FM), she did not train in the gods woods, she did not break her wooden sword, she did not plan her own escape, she did not cold bloodily kill a man, she did not stand up to Roose Bolton.  All of these actions ARE Arya.
In stead, she sat in a cart going to the wall, she had a short talk with Yoren, she deceived Lorch about gendry being dead, she stood around in a pig sty, she knows all sorts of history (indicating book learning that was counter to her book character, but ok, she liked Nans stories), she ummm was a cupbearer for Tywin making tywin seem like a fool for trusting  her, she used JH to kill a few people (ok I can accept that parrallel with the books-kills but not the kill she should have made), I can even accept the removal of the weasal soup episode.  But she has done very little to empower herself, to show her inner strengths of foreshadow what she is to become.  nothing at all. 
next she will flee (presumably with some interaction with JH to get the iron coin), get caught hang with the BWB for a short while, get kidnapped by the Dog and eventually flee to Bravos.  But very little in that part of the story explains why she should go to the FM.  She will be a child following and being saved instead of the righteously independent BAMF she is in the book. 
serioiusly missed opportunity there.
2821	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I've been thinking. Maybe they did show some character development in Arya after all. We've had four (?) episodes of Arya/Tywin interacting, where he has shown her respect, trust and affection, confiding in her some of his doubts and secrets. And after all that, Arya still wants the man dead without a second thought. I think this shows her emerging ruthlessness, and not letting abstract things like honour stand in her way.im sorry but i dont buy that.  She has no reason to like Tywin, he is the father of the queen that killed her father.
2822	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	And to expand on my point I would point  you to last weeks inside the episode discussion by D&D.  They refer to Jamie as a monster.  To me that is a complete misperception of Jamie's character.  Jamie is a flawed human being, who does despicable things, but he is not a monster.  Gregor Clegane, Joffrey, they are monsters-almost 1 dimensional characters exhibiting evil.  Jamie is far more complex.  and to perceive him as a monster, just shows me that D&D dont understand his character.  Now of course that is probably because of the transition to TV, but it is disconcerting nonetheless.  Why? Because I am hoping for a TV show that is intelligent, that allows the viewer to explore complex human emotions and situations instead of simplistic cliches. 
As an aside, t hat is one reason I am drawn to GoT, for the opportunity for complexity and depth to be infused in a genre that has historically been cliched and childish, it would be fresh.
But if the producers fail in one of the best examples of that complexity, well that makes me worry for the future of the adaptation.  instead of a highly complex character with human's motivations (narcissim), we have a monster.  a one dimenstional character.  Insted of exploring why Jamie is the way he is we get non sequitors (dyslexia-really?).  That will make any redemption cliched and boring, because we dont understand Jamie beyond that he is a monster, cause that is what the producers believe  him to be.  That depth of character, that enrichment of the world is certainly possible, HBO did it with Tony Soprano.  Instead we have a much shallower adaptation. 
Sad for t he missed opportunity.  Please feel free to point out where I am wrong.
2823	Versiroth	2012-05-21	Arya ordered the killing of several men this season.  Just because she didn't kill them herself doesn't change the fact that they're dead because of her.   It's like some of you just can't read between the lines here.   How is she "innocent" in the show if several people are dead on her command?   She also showed that she is quick witted and very adaptable.   When Tywin accused her of being "noble born", she kept coming back at him with answers to continue her cover up.  Even thought he expected she was high born, she never gave in and revealed it to be true.   All of the things that happen still lead into her future very well.
2824	modehead	2012-05-21	they have eliminated so much of the basic characterization that will make Arya a FM BOOOOOTotally. Ugh. Her escape from Harrenhal is absolutely perfect in the book. Why did they screw with it? It would've made great television. Are they writing the Faceless Men out of the series already? If so, where does Arya's plot go?
2825	modehead	2012-05-21	I'm really upset that the Tywin/Arya plot was thrown away in this episode. If they were going to re-write Arya's plot, they could've at least kept that going. Didn't it seem like Tywin was about to figure out who Arya was?
Oh well
2826	Versiroth	2012-05-21	And to expand on my point I would point you to last weeks inside the episode discussion by D&D. They refer to Jamie as a monster. To me that is a complete misperception of Jamie's character. Jamie is a flawed human being, who does despicable things, but he is not a monster. Gregor Clegane, Joffrey, they are monsters-almost 1 dimensional characters exhibiting evil. Jamie is far more complex. and to perceive him as a monster, just shows me that D&D dont understand his character. Now of course that is probably because of the transition to TV, but it is disconcerting nonetheless. Why? Because I am hoping for a TV show that is intelligent, that allows the viewer to explore complex human emotions and situations instead of simplistic cliches. As an aside, t hat is one reason I am drawn to GoT, for the opportunity for complexity and depth to be infused in a genre that has historically been cliched and childish, it would be fresh. But if the producers fail in one of the best examples of that complexity, well that makes me worry for the future of the adaptation. instead of a highly complex character with human's motivations (narcissim), we have a monster. a one dimenstional character. Insted of exploring why Jamie is the way he is we get non sequitors (dyslexia-really?). That will make any redemption cliched and boring, because we dont understand Jamie beyond that he is a monster, cause that is what the producers believe him to be. That depth of character, that enrichment of the world is certainly possible, HBO did it with Tony Soprano. Instead we have a much shallower adaptation. Sad for t he missed opportunity. Please feel free to point out where I am wrong.Nice assumptions.   Jaime at this point in the book was a complete douche.  It wasn't until he was force to struggle with missing a hand that he started to look at things in a different light.   I've never liked Jaime.   It actually made me mad when it was obvious that Martin was trying to redeem him in the first place.   But it isn't time for redemption yet in the show, so stop assuming that things will be mishandled just for the sake of arguing points that don't exist.
2827	Versiroth	2012-05-21	Totally. Ugh. Her escape from Harrenhal is absolutely perfect in the book. Why did they screw with it? It would've made great television. Are they writing the Faceless Men out of the series already? If so, where does Arya's plot go?Why would anyone think they are writing the faceless men out?  All we saw was Arya leaving the castle.  Jaqen could be waiting for them outside to say his good byes and give her the coin.   Also, as I said earlier, Arya has killed one person and ordered the deaths of several others.   I still don't get how people claim her to be all innocent on the show.   She has plenty of blood on her hands.
2828	David Selig	2012-05-21	I don't mind the removal Weasel Soup, but not having Arya kill the guard is a big deal for me.Another case of whitewashing in the show, they've really reduced the moral complexity of the actions of many characters.Arya ordered the killing of several men this season. Just because she didn't kill them herself doesn't change the fact that they're dead because of her. It's like some of you just can't read between the lines here. How is she "innocent" in the show if several people are dead on her command? There's a difference between killing someone with your own hands and ordering it done. More importantly, she's ordered the killing of two complete monsters. Killing a guard who could've been a perfectly decent guy and who's done nothing to her would've been quite different.
2829	Versiroth	2012-05-21	I don't mind the removal Weasel Soup, but not having Arya kill the guard is a big deal for me.Another case of whitewashing in the show, they've really reduced the moral complexity of the actions of many characters.There's a difference between killing someone with your own hands and ordering it done. More importantly, she's ordered the killing of two complete monsters. Killing a guard who could've been a perfectly decent guy and who's done nothing to her would've been quite different.Where do you guys get that Arya is some sort of monster in the books?   She's a girl who will do anything to survive.  They're showing that in the show quite well.  I swear, you guys are all mixed up.  Arya needs to be a monster in your eyes and Jaime needs to apparently be some sort of saint.
2830	Vuron	2012-05-21	I've seen a large number of posts talking about the changes to the different characters, but I think Arya's has been the biggest change.
Arya's entire motivation has been changed from the books to the show.  In the books, she's fighting to become more than a mouse.  She's fighting for control of her life at Harrenhal and her internal monologue turns her experience into something of a game.  She practices constantly with a wooden sword, thinks back to everything Syrio taught her, and begins training herself.  Her motivation is her freedom, control of her life, and to a lesser extent... revenge.
In the show, her entire motivation has become helping Robb.  Every scene with Tywin has her eavsdropping, studying maps, reading letters, and trying to find a way to get the information to Robb.  They made it look like her only reason for escaping Harrenhal is to get to Robb and warn him.
By this point in the books, Arya has already killed a number of people from the stableboy to the guard at Harrenhal.  Plus she had to kill a number of soldiers during the fight with Yoren.  She's gotten better with a sword, waterdancing, moving silently, spying, etc.  TV Arya is nothing more than a cup bearer who pays attention.
Some of my favorite scenes from the books were when she was climbing trees, outmaneuvering the others during their journey, taking control of situations, and bullying Hot Pie and Lommy.  I knew that we wouldn't see most of this, but it kills me that nothing was added to show her development.
The only reason that I can figure it was done like this is because they don't plan for the show to get past the end of the 3rd book and she never goes to Bravos.
2831	David Selig	2012-05-21	Where do you guys get that Arya is some sort of monster in the books?   She's a girl who will do anything to survive.  They're showing that in the show quite well.  I swear, you guys are all mixed up.  Arya needs to be a monster in your eyes and Jaime needs to apparently be some sort of saint.Where exactly did I say Arya is a monster in the books? She's a complex character, who's done some problematic things morally and has been changed by all she's gone through, but she's no monster. TV Arya though is much more unambiguously good morally. Yeah, she killed the stable boy, but it was self-defence and she was panicked.And for the record, Jaime is for me a horrible person in the books who hasn't redeemed himself at all despite what his fans claim. Not that it has anything to do with the topic at hand...
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 21 May 2012 - 08:19 AM.
2832	Reposado	2012-05-21	Um, why does he know Arya Stark is missing??and additionally, he wouldn't suspect that she'd gotten all the way to harrenhal. no reason tywin should have any thought that she could be arya
2833	Morvran	2012-05-21	I've been thinking about the whole Harrenhall thing...the lack of terror in the show.  It should have been a dark and cruel experience for Arya.  BUT I realize it didn't NEED to be for her story arc to work.  There is plenty left in her story that will set her on the right path.  The real horrors are still to come.
2834	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	um so no weasel soup -- like i predicted.  use of the third name to help her escape instead of having her kill the guard and get the coin.  no coin (yet, still holding out hope for the last episode) -- and she names Jaqen in a totally weird way -- hey can you kill tywin now? no, ok please kill yourself. no, ok help me escape instead of any of that.  umm cool. this is basically how i figured it would work out if my worst scenario came true.  i. am. pissed.arya-lovers, i'm talking to you -- what did you think?Actually it was this:Can u kill tywin now?NoCan you help me espcapeNoKiil yourself thenPlease take back my nameOk, can u help me escape now?NoKill yourself thenOk ill hell u escape if u take my name back.Good, i win.Big difference from how you posted the conversation
2835	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	for me, as much as removing the killings has changed arya, the rest of the changes are as important.  What arya was learning were skills at changing her identity, hiding in plain site, subtlty, subterfuge.  Very little of that transitioned to the screen.
2836	Versiroth	2012-05-21	for me, as much as removing the killings has changed arya, the rest of the changes are as important. What arya was learning were skills at changing her identity, hiding in plain site, subtlty, subterfuge. Very little of that transitioned to the screen.Hiding in plain sight?  Kind of how she was Tywin Lannisters cup bearer?  Changing her identity?  Kind of like how she was able to stick to her "stone mason's Daughter" story even when Tywin was trying his best to get her to reveal her true identity?  Subterfuge?  Like what she does to Jaqen to get her way?They set Arya up perfectly this season.  She was the cup bearer for one of her brothers biggest enemies.  If she let on who she really was, she'd be held over her brothers head and she was able to stay in character even when Tywin was trying his best to catch her off guard.   This sequence leads perfectly into her becoming an assassin for the Faceless Men.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 21 May 2012 - 09:17 AM.
2837	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-21	get over it
2838	akajea	2012-05-21	They butchered her story to give more time to Tyrion and his dumb whore and Robb/Talisa. And what's her kill count at? The stable boy, that's it. God, they have amazing actors like Maisie and Tom and they still destroy the best arc in ACoK. Get a hold of your fucking show D&D. ASoS is spread out over 1.5-2 seasons, so please do it justice.
2839	Crown	2012-05-21	Ah well, too bad, loved to have some weaselsoup.
2840	Kaitscralt	2012-05-21	I'm glad the weasel soup has been cut.
2841	Night Gathers	2012-05-21	I've never gotten mad so far concerning TV - shows. And here I am, feeling rather pathetic feeling this mad since they cut the weasel soup scene. I was looking forward to it from the beginning, it was ACOK's best scene. It's not like they had to remove it since it's a "TV adaption".
The scene had to be in... it just had to.
2842	axels15	2012-05-21	The info for either the next episode, or the last one, show that Arya gets a gift from Jacqen, so no worries there. She'll still get the coin
2843	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	but it beggars the question what she could do to deserve a coin
2844	The Monkey	2012-05-21	but it beggars the question what she could do to deserve a coinWhat did she do to deserve it in the book?
2845	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	What did she do to deserve it in the book?that JH witnessed?basically brave companion on march to wall, run out of and into a burning building to free him, trained as a warrior, was a sheep and mouse, fought and killed at Yoren's last stand, stood up to Roose, planned and executed the weasel soup escape and then refused to join her in JH's return to the FM.In the TV JH witnessed her riding the cart to the wall, interact with Gendry and general hanging out on the road, throwing an axe to him that did not endanger her (IIRC) at the battle that Yoren died, act as a cupbearer to tywin and act like a child to get him to allow her to escape.
2846	modehead	2012-05-21	Just sticking with the TV show: I'm upset that they wiped out the Tywin/Arya plot that quickly. I was really enjoying that line, and then they just end it immediately.
2847	LeananKite	2012-05-21	What did she do to deserve it in the book?Cooked the weasel soup.And the Tywin/Arya- scenes showed more of Tywins character then supported Aryas character development.Is there perhaps some policy that underage persons like Arya should not commit cold blood murder in TV? Like that no underages are allowed to have sex, even when the actor is older? Must be something like this.I was very upset about the lot of screentime they gave the romance beetween Robb and the substitute girl.What is the support for the main plot to tell a lengthy story about her nearly drowned brother etc.
2848	Versiroth	2012-05-21	Cooked the weasel soup. And the Tywin/Arya- scenes showed more of Tywins character then supported Aryas character development. Is there perhaps some policy that underage persons like Arya should not commit cold blood murder in TV? Like that no underages are allowed to have sex, even when the actor is older? Must be something like this. I was very upset about the lot of screentime they gave the romance beetween Robb and the substitute girl.What is the support for the main plot to tell a lengthy story about her nearly drowned brother etc.The Red Wedding is coming.  They want to build up Robb and Talisa because this is what causes it in the first place.   The Red Wedding scene still gives be goose flesh....  the whole scene just makes you feel so helpless.   Adding in scenes showing the romance that led up to it was a great addition.   Having Robb leave for the Crag and then come back married wouldn't have worked for the TV audience at all.
2849	Versiroth	2012-05-21	but it beggars the question what she could do to deserve a coinShe fooled people into thinking she was a boy (something the Faceless Men do).  She fooled Tywin into thinking she was a Mason's daughter and even when he started to suspect that she was more, she never gave in.   She showed a willingness to take someone's life.  Even if they were not killed by her own hands.  And she also used deceit to force Jaqen himself to do something more than he had promised.    She did plenty.
2850	insertname	2012-05-21	and additionally, he wouldn't suspect that she'd gotten all the way to harrenhal. no reason tywin should have any thought that she could be arya...Exactly how many northern, high-born girls are running around Westeros, ready to get captured by Lannisters? It's very likely for northern lords to take their ten-year old girls with them and letting them be captured, right?Arya has been sitting around Harrenhal long enough for Tywin to learn that she's escaped. And even if not, he should have put some more work into learning who she is.Not to mention that Amory Lorch got killed just minutes after running after her, after a certain message that she looked at just minutes before disappeared.I'm sorry but the whole Harrenhal story makes Tywin look like a complete and utter fool.
2851	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I believe in the book that Tywin didnt know about Arya-Cersei was keeping it on the downlow because she didnt want it getting out. 
Of course that would require a huge WTF moment when Tywin gets to KL and finds no Arya.
2852	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	Which impacts the story later on when the substitute Jeyne Poole for Arya.  By that point noone had seen her in forever and could easily be presumed dead.  Instead, when they go to substitute JP for AS, Tywin SHOULD know that Arya was alive and well at Harrenhall.  Little ripples in the story that should have impact a couple of seasons from now.
2853	LeananKite	2012-05-21	I think some people suspect that JP is not Arya, even in KL. (for example Jaime). But they don't give a shit.
RB wants Winterfell and he gets it.
2854	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	she definitely earned the coin in both
2855	boojam	2012-05-21	seems to me a meeting with JH in the future will seem contrived, arya is supposed to be on the run and JH is well either at Harrenhall or changingfaces and moving to Oldtown, if he is part of the garrison that chases arya, it will seem contrived that he is one of those that meets up with her.In the book it's Jaqen who comes to Arya for the last name , I think he says explicitly that he has to leave and be somewhere else.In the last episode he does not say it explicitly but I do think he says something that implies that he is in a hurry to get away.My guess is he will met her early in episode 10 giving her the coin and the instructions. He may no longer be in Lannister uniform.After as a FM he seems to do anything, go anywhere ... be anybody he wants, so he's not a Harrenhal anymore.They can to the face changing thing then.What's odd is too think we would never see Tom Wlaschiha again, if the next three books are followed.I don't know what D&D have in mind, since Arya will show up in Braavos and he mentions she may see him there.There is still a chance, I think slight, that Arya may kill a picket duty Harrenhal guard, but doubt it.
2856	HouseLancaster	2012-05-21	Just sticking with the TV show: I'm upset that they wiped out the Tywin/Arya plot that quickly. I was really enjoying that line, and then they just end it immediately.Just sticking with the TV show: I'm upset that they wiped out the Tywin/Arya plot that quickly. I was really enjoying that line, and then they just end it immediately.Yes but, that storyline should never have happened anyway - it pretty much ruined the Harrenhal saga, replacing all the good stuff with this absurd father/daughter relationship. The scenes in isolation were good because the actors were good BUT Tywin will get plenty of time to be Tywin in later seasons - he's also now not as bad-ass.
2857	Night Gathers	2012-05-21	I'm maybe hoping for too much, but did we see them (Arya, Gendry and Hot pie) outside the gates of Harrenhal, or did we just see them leave Harrenhal? Since I truly want the weasel soup scene to be in, I'm hoping they'll get caught on their way out and get ushered back to Harrenhal. Jaqen hasn't truly left and rescues them, with the help of Biter and Rorge with soup directly from the kitchens (Instead of the Northern fellas in the cells in the books) and has his name unsaid, gives the coin to Arya. Arya then tells Gendry and Hot Pie about her escape plan and does actually slit the guards throat after dropping the coin!
This feels way too unlikely, and way too far fetched, but I just want some sort of weasel soup scene to take place. Since the last episode is named Valar Morghulis, there's still some sort of hope.
					
					
							Edited by Night gathers, 21 May 2012 - 02:31 PM.
2858	summer_stark	2012-05-21	Actually it was this: Can u kill tywin now? No Can you help me espcape No Kiil yourself then Please take back my name Ok, can u help me escape now? No Kill yourself then Ok ill hell u escape if u take my name back. Good, i win. Big difference from how you posted the conversationNo -- that's not how it happened.  she didn't ask for his help until after she named him.  big difference from what you're saying, and the reason i'm saying it was illogical.   that difference is the exact reason why i disliked that scene. This was how it went:arya: where were you? Jaqen: a man has patrol duty. arya: tywin was here now gone.jaqen: give man a name.arya: how long after i give name does it take?jaqen: min hr month. death is certain time is not.arya: tywin's taking army to fight robb.  i need him dead now. jaqen: this i cannot do.  arya: you promised you'd help me.jaqen: help wasn't promised, only death was promised.  give another name -- give any name.arya:  and you'l kill them, anybody? jaqen: by seven new and old gods -- i swear it. arya:  alright-- jaqen h'ghar --jaqen: a girl gives a man his own name...unname me.  please.arya:  i'll unname you, if you help me and my friends escape.jaqen: this would require more than life, not part of bargain.arya: fine. jaqen hghar. jaqen: girl lacks honor. arya: shrug. she named him after he said he couldnt kill tywin right away -- then she said she'd take it back ... not if he killed tywin now, but if he helped her escape -- why?  where did that come from?  was she planning on going to kill tywin herself?  why not press him to get him to kill tywin instead? she just dropped the tywin thing altogether when she already had him on the ropes -- she had named him and he was upset -- she couldve said then go do it now -- instead she said then help me escape.  what? why?
2859	boojam	2012-05-21	I'm maybe hoping for too much, but did we see them (Arya, Gendry and Hot pie) outside the gates of Harrenhal, or did we just see them leave Harrenhal? Since I truly want the weasel soup scene to be in, I'm hoping they'll get caught on their way out and get ushered back to Harrenhal. Jaqen hasn't truly left and rescues them, with the help of Biter and Rorge with soup directly from the kitchens (Instead of the Northern fellas in the cells in the books) and has his name unsaid, gives the coin to Arya. Arya then tells Gendry and Hot Pie about her escape plan and does actually slit the guards throat after dropping the coin!This feels way too unlikely, and way too far fetched, but I just want some sort of weasel soup scene to take place. Since the last episode is named Valar Morghulis, there's still some sort of hope.I  am sure we a long past Weasel Soup happening, but there is still the slight chance Arya will get her kill in another way.Was it not odd in this last episode that we see Biter and Rorge? They had seem to vanish.Tho in the book , I think it's Rorge, at the slightest mention of Jaqen's name he cowers away from Arya... D&D did not follow up on that.
2860	summer_stark	2012-05-21	Tho in the book , I think it's Rorge, at the slightest mention of Jaqen's name he cowers away from Arya... D&D did not follow up on that.i thought the same exact thing -- totally added to the mystery and general bamf-ness of jaqen...
2861	The Monkey	2012-05-21	she named him after he said he couldnt kill tywin right away -- then she said she'd take it back ... not if he killed tywin now, but if he helped her escape -- why? where did that come from? was she planning on going to kill tywin herself? why not press him to get him to kill tywin instead? she just dropped the tywin thing altogether when she already had him on the ropes -- she had named him and he was upset -- she couldve said then go do it now -- instead she said then help me escape. what? why?Tywin was probably a few miles away by then, it wouldn't have been quicker if Jaqen had had the burden of his own name on the death list. We would probably kill as quickly as possible in either case so that he might get on with his original mission.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 21 May 2012 - 03:31 PM.
2862	Night Gathers	2012-05-21	Tho in the book , I think it's Rorge, at the slightest mention of Jaqen's name he cowers away from Arya... D&amp;D did not follow up on that.Correct.It feels like D&amp;D focus on tinier details in King's Landing concerning Tyrion and Cersei, but leave out details in other places. Rorge's fear for example, and Arya's storyline, same with Jon's. To me it feels like they focus on King's Landing, and they feel like the other places only contribute to sub-plots. It seems like they follow the books more closely with the King's Landing plot as well. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by Night gathers, 21 May 2012 - 03:16 PM.
2863	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	No -- that's not how it happened.  she didn't ask for his help until after she named him.  big difference from what you're saying, and the reason i'm saying it was illogical.   that difference is the exact reason why i disliked that scene. This was how it went:arya: where were you? Jaqen: a man has patrol duty. arya: tywin was here now gone.jaqen: give man a name.arya: how long after i give name does it take?jaqen: min hr month. death is certain time is not.arya: tywin's taking army to fight robb.  i need him dead now. jaqen: this i cannot do.  arya: you promised you'd help me.jaqen: help wasn't promised, only death was promised.  give another name -- give any name.arya:  and you'l kill them, anybody? jaqen: by seven new and old gods -- i swear it. arya:  alright-- jaqen h'ghar --jaqen: a girl gives a man his own name...unname me.  please.arya:  i'll unname you, if you help me and my friends escape.jaqen: this would require more than life, not part of bargain.arya: fine. jaqen hghar. jaqen: girl lacks honor. arya: shrug. she named him after he said he couldnt kill tywin right away -- then she said she'd take it back ... not if he killed tywin now, but if he helped her escape -- why?  where did that come from?  was she planning on going to kill tywin herself?  why not press him to get him to kill tywin instead? she just dropped the tywin thing altogether when she already had him on the ropes -- she had named him and he was upset -- she couldve said then go do it now -- instead she said then help me escape.  what? why?She asked for help, no? (his respones- help wasnt promised only deatg)  He denied any help, so ahe got him to help her.Thats how i followed it, he denied her request for help, so she said his name.  The quotes you put up clearly show her asking for help first and being denied.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 21 May 2012 - 03:46 PM.
2864	summer_stark	2012-05-21	She asked for help, no? He denied any help, so ahe got him to help her. Thats how i followed it, he denied her request for help, so she said his name.she asked for him to kill tywin, he said no -- she pouted that he said he would help her (i.e., in this context the "help" was killing tywin) i'm not sure what the misunderstanding here is -- i think it's fairly clear that she went from asking to kill tywin to saying oh you cant do that right now, then kill yourself -- no you dont want to kill yourself -- then help me escape...when the logical end of that conversation was ...then go kill tywin right now.  which, incidentally, as far as the show is concerned, shouldn't be difficult for jaqen considering he killed amory w/in 30 seconds of her request.  it just seems contrived that she dropped the tywin thing --to me, it's a plot hole.  but whatever -- if that's how you interpret it, then rock on bro.  i just see it differently.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 21 May 2012 - 03:48 PM.
2865	Tadco26	2012-05-21	The Arya storyline this season has been disappointing, but by this point I wasn't surprised by the changes in this episode and more or less expected them.  Despite the great acting and quality of the sets, costumes and props, the story line has very little to compare to the book and the writing has often been lacking.
Harrenhal was a place of terror and danger even when she was working under Roose Bolton, but working under Tywin she was argueably in the safest place in the 7 kingdoms for a commoner.  She had Jaqen kill some people, but none of them were the same as the books.
I predicted that she would use her last kill to escape and several people told me they would never do that, but here we are.  Basicly the things that match the book are that she was a prisoner at Harrenhal who had Jaqen kill some people for her and then she escaped with Gendry and Hotpie.  All of her other experiences at Harrenhal were changed, and generally made for a much more pleasant experience for Arya.  They should have at least had a scene with Ser Gregor and Arya alone, where he threatens her, to give her more motivation to escape, and motivation for Gendry and Hotpie to want to come.
It's kind of unclear why TV Gendry and Hotpie are coming with her, or why she wants them to without the bonding moments of wandering the wilderness or interacting more at Harrenhal.  With no Roose at Harrenhal, will Bolton ever meet up with Jamie?  Who will cut off Jamie's hand?  Vargo was Tywin's man originally, but Harrenhal is not taken then will he be a Stark ally from the start or cut completely or how will they explain his loyalty change?  I really enjoyed Arya's Harrenhal story line in CoK, and despite the generally stellar acting, the TV story line was rather boring and contrived.
2866	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	she asked for him to kill tywin, he said no -- she pouted that he said he would help her (i.e., in this context the "help" was killing tywin) i'm not sure what the misunderstanding here is -- i think it's fairly clear that she went from asking to kill tywin to saying oh you cant do that right now, then kill yourself -- no you dont want to kill yourself -- then help me escape...when the logical end of that conversation was ...then go kill tywin right now.  which, incidentally, as far as the show is concerned, shouldn't be difficult for jaqen considering he killed amory w/in 30 seconds of her request.  it just seems contrived that she dropped the tywin thing --to me, it's a plot hole.  but whatever -- if that's how you interpret it, then rock on bro.  i just see it differently.Right back atcha! To clarify my point:I thought tywin was already gone, i only saw the ep once so far (after pool and bbq and some libations).  I thought tywin was one so she moved on immediately to the escape plot after realizing that we the only way to get help from him.
2867	boojam	2012-05-21	she named him after he said he couldnt kill tywin right away -- then she said she'd take it back ... not if he killed tywin now, but if he helped her escape -- why?  where did that come from?  was she planning on going to kill tywin herself?  why not press him to get him to kill tywin instead? she just dropped the tywin thing altogether when she already had him on the ropes -- she had named him and he was upset -- she couldve said then go do it now -- instead she said then help me escape.  what? why?He explains to Arya why he can't do it NOW (this appears in the book too but worded differently). Since they do not have time to do Weasel Soup , why does not escape sound like the logical thing to ask for?Actually it shows she is quick on her feet, because she realizes she is going to have to trick Jaqen, which she does.Jaqen has to go out of his FM box... the same thing happens in the book and I have always thought this is why he gives her the coin and the words and says something about Braavos.I think he has been evaluating her as a FM for the FM.
2868	boojam	2012-05-21	It's kind of unclear why TV Gendry and Hotpie are coming with her, or why she wants them to without the bonding moments of wandering the wilderness or interacting more at Harrenhal.  With no Roose at Harrenhal, will Bolton ever meet up with Jamie?  Who will cut off Jamie's hand?  Vargo was Tywin's man originally, but Harrenhal is not taken then will he be a Stark ally from the start or cut completely or how will they explain his loyalty change?  I really enjoyed Arya's Harrenhal story line in CoK, and despite the generally stellar acting, the TV story line was rather boring and contrived.Having 10 one hours episodes explains all this, think this through again.
2869	summer_stark	2012-05-21	Having 10 one hours episodes explains all this, think this through again. actually, thinking through this again doesn't change anything -- if you're referring to the fact that they're prisoners, the answer is -- so what? how is that worse in this context, where hot pie and gendry each get to do what they do best.  we hear no reason from hot pie that makes us think that he will be the subject of torture -- same for gendry.  all we get is that they were brought in and initially possibly subject to torture -- tywin squashed that -- the hangings are for the bwb -- who they are going to leave camp to find.  not a real sense of danger.  and how is being out alone on the run any better?  or going to the wall for that matter? where they will be cold, celibate and possibly not able to do their chosen trades.  we can speculate that they were afraid, that being prisoners was bad -- but the reality of the show is that we haven't seen any fear since the rat torture, which tywin explicitly said is a no no -- what, you think the mountain is going to start it over again now that tywin left?  or that he will hang two kids in an effort to find bwb?  hot pie doesn't seem concerned with this, and gendry makes no mention one way or another.He explains to Arya why he can't do it NOW (this appears in the book too but worded differently). Since they do not have time to do Weasel Soup , why does not escape sound like the logical thing to ask for? Actually it shows she is quick on her feet, because she realizes she is going to have to trick Jaqen, which she does. Jaqen has to go out of his FM box... the same thing happens in the book and I have always thought this is why he gives her the coin and the words and says something about Braavos. I think he has been evaluating her as a FM for the FM.no, he doesnt explain why he can't do it now.  he just says that i cannot do -- but he already said the same exact thing about amory lorch, right before he then went and killed amory lorch about 30 seconds later.  why wouldn't arya press him and say yes you can -- you did it with amory -- just go catch up to him. it would have been logical thing to ask for if jaqen had said no i cant do it now no matter what you threaten me with -- it is impossible to catch up to him now that he has been gone for awhile -- but considering that he could kill amory on the spot based on a simple plea by arya, we are supposed to believe that he couldnt kill tywin asap even under threat of death?  why not? he gives us no explanation.  the book doesn't either -- but time is not of the essence with arya's book kills, so it doesn't matter -- he merely says that they will die sometime both on the show and in the books, not that it is impossible to effect a quick kill -- and the fact that he has already disproved this fact by killing amory on the spot takes away from the argument that he couldnt do it right away.  he is a bamf -- that's what we're supposed to get from him.
2870	HouseLancaster	2012-05-21	Having 10 one hours episodes explains all this, think this through again.Well, no. In fairness to him and in terms of this thread topic - Ayras storyline will have had enough allotted screen time this season to tell a much more faithful and coherant story concerning her arc. Whats the betting they her on a cliff hanger this season, being caught by the brotherhood?
2871	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	i never understood why in the book she took hot pie with her.
I suppose its cause she had to get food from him and couldnt trust him to keep his mouth shut
2872	dreamcatcher	2012-05-21	Maybe they're leaving something like weasel soup etc for next seasons - otherwise, what will Arya do for 2 seasons (aSoS)??
2873	HouseLancaster	2012-05-21	i never understood why in the book she took hot pie with her. I suppose its cause she had to get food from him and couldnt trust him to keep his mouth shutThe food, and she'd secretly grown fond of the useless craven.
2874	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	The food, and she'd secretly grown fond of the useless craven.I think she was still into the idea of finding "her pack."  That's what she wanted from Gendry and Hot Pie.  When they decide to stay with various members of the BWB, she feels abandoned and hurt because she realized they never actually were part of her pack after all.  Poor Arya.
2875	boojam	2012-05-21	he gives us no explanation.  the book doesn't either -- but time is not of the essence with arya's book kills, so it doesn't matter -- he merely says that they will die sometime both on the show and in the books, not that it is impossible to effect a quick kill -- and the fact that he has already disproved this fact by killing amory on the spot takes away from the argument that he couldnt do it right away.  he is a bamf -- that's what we're supposed to get from him.Well you quoted it:"jaqen: min hr month. death is certain time is not."Arya wanted now, and Jaqen can't teleport. He never said he would not , in fact he says he can and will, unless 'death is certain' means something else.He can't meet her conditional.So she asks for the next best thing, but has to trick him.By the by staying at Harrenhal with the Mountain in charge sounds worse to me than having Vargo left in charge as in the book.
2876	boojam	2012-05-21	Maybe they're leaving something like weasel soup etc for next seasons - otherwise, what will Arya do for 2 seasons (aSoS)??In SoS things are kind of a traveloge , with some mild adventure, even the meeting with Lord Beric is not exactly riveting. Tho for a reader it's interesting. Then we get 'travels with the dog', and that IS interesting , gee hope they do the tavern fight to make up for Weasel Soup.
2877	summer_stark	2012-05-21	Well you quoted it: "jaqen: min hr month. death is certain time is not." Arya wanted now, and Jaqen can't teleport. He never said he would not , in fact he says he can and will, unless 'death is certain' means something else. He can't meet her conditional. So she asks for the next best thing, but has to trick him. By the by staying at Harrenhal with the Mountain in charge sounds worse to me than having Vargo left in charge as in the book.boojam -- i feel like we do not understand each other.  at all.  i don't know why exactly.  i can't tell if it's different perspectives, or literally we can't tell what the other person is really getting at.  either way, i disagree with your post, and the reason why is the conversation they had when she wanted amory lorch dead. Arya: Amory Lorch.Jaqen: A girl has named a second name. A man will do what must be done.Arya: NOW!Jaqen: A girl cannot tell a man when exactly he must do a thing. A man cannot make a thing happen before it's time.how, exactly, is that different from what he says in this episodes conversation?  basically, it's the same, but last time he said ok, this time he said i cant do it right now.  the whole min. hr. month thing is his general view on how death wishes work -- as he implied during the amory lorch conversation -- so my point is, if that was the reason -- that it couldnt be done now -- then he should have said why -- and it couldn't have hinged on the hr min month theory b/c amory's didn't either.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 21 May 2012 - 06:29 PM.
2878	summer_stark	2012-05-21	also re: the mountain in charge vs. hoat -- that's the book reader's perspective -- my point was that hot pie does not feel that this is a problem for him -- he wants to stay in the kitchens and cook.  he's given no indication of being afraid.  whether the viewer/reader thinks the mountain is a worse choice is irrelevant to hot pie's decision to leave w/arya in the show -- especially considering the viewer is not shown a worse harrenhal under the mtn.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 21 May 2012 - 06:32 PM.
2879	LordofWinter	2012-05-21	Biter and Rorge? They had seem to vanish. Tho in the book , I think it's Rorge, at the slightest mention of Jaqen's name he cowers away from Arya... D&D did not follow up on that.agreed. it's the combination of the vast amount of "little" things like this that make me believe that the writers are giving us what they think is their better version of the series, because they've left out(or completely changed) the feeling that the books give.
2880	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	a small point but arya, gendry and hot pie leaving Harrenhall without horses?!?
gonna be a long walk or a really short one when gregor catches up with the 3 for killing half his garrison
2881	Gogossos	2012-05-21	OK this is how I view it. Essentially the writers and the actors had so much fun with the Arya/Tywin dynamic, we got them 3 episodes in a row and they advanced nothing, except maybe for some exposition. On their own, I love those scenes too and I wish Maise gets an Emmy nomination for them coz she deserves it, going toe to toe with Charles Dance. 
But for Arya's character growth and path, only one episode with 3 of those scenes would've sufficed. Using the same screen time Arya actually got, I would have shifted one of the torture scenes to Arya in the kitchens, working hard like a commoner. Then Tywin arrives, notices her and makes her his cupbearer. We get those awesome exposition things we got, minus the Littlefinger diversion whose screen time is then used for the weasel soup. As for the kills, I wouldn't have changed much of the first two, only that Amory doesn't die in front of Tywin because that raises unnecessary questions.
We didn't necessarily need the northman captured for the weasel soup, the same random prisoners from earlier in the season would do. So, as far as I can tell, they changed Arya's Harrenhal set up partly because it was cheaper (one room set with a table and chairs) and also because they had too much fun with Maisie/Charles's chemistry. I have to repeat that I loved the Arya/Tywin dynamic too but ultimately it added little to the show while removing the weasel soup. The other thing is I have to wonder whether there are age restriction rules about portraying how dark such a young character can be.
					
					
							Edited by Gogossos, 21 May 2012 - 07:33 PM.
2882	boojam	2012-05-21	boojam -- i feel like we do not understand each other.  at all.  i don't know why exactly.  i can't tell if it's different perspectives, or literally we can't tell what the other person is really getting at.  either way, i disagree with your post, and the reason why is the conversation they had when she wanted amory lorch dead. Arya: Amory Lorch.Jaqen: A girl has named a second name. A man will do what must be done.Arya: NOW!Jaqen: A girl cannot tell a man when exactly he must do a thing. A man cannot make a thing happen before it's time.how, exactly, is that different from what he says in this episodes conversation?  basically, it's the same, but last time he said ok, this time he said i cant do it right now.  the whole min. hr. month thing is his general view on how death wishes work -- as he implied during the amory lorch conversation -- so my point is, if that was the reason -- that it couldnt be done now -- then he should have said why -- and it couldn't have hinged on the hr min month theory b/c amory's didn't either.Well I think that's up to D&D's teleplay writing.In Lorch's case Jaqen saw it was very difficult, but he could do it, in a matter of seconds it seems, and too Jaqen didn't seem to happy about it.I suppose Arya could have demanded that Jaqen kill Tywin, even it took years...One think left out that is in the book was that Jaqen could not stick around any longer and need to be on his way. Even then it seemed that George had him thinking that Arya would again name someone trivial when when she had something more elaborate in mind , namely Weasel Soup. I am guessing that in the writing D&D had this in their minds ... so it slips through.The saying 'why' is contained in Jaqen's explanation of the difference between death and time , but has to be puzzled out. D&D seem to struggle with their condensations a lot of times this season.Not everything is to be taken as literal with their teleplay writing.
2883	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-22	The math is all wrong, and it irks me.  The red god or the cult of the FM or whatever seems so strict and disciplined.  Arya saved three men from the burning barn, thus cheating death.  So three deaths have to be made instead.  Well, after Amory Lorch is killed, at least 20 other people are hanged.  This is Arya's fault and she doesn't even show any remorse; there's no sympathy for a bunch of extras.  Not even the audience gives a hoot about them.  And then Jaqen kills several more guards to help them escape.
It doesn't make sense, or it's inconsistent anyway.
2884	lomiller	2012-05-22	um so no weasel soup -- like i predicted.  use of the third name to help her escape instead of having her kill the guard and get the coin.  no coin (yet, still holding out hope for the last episode)In one of the interviews after filming was completed Maisie Williams was asked about her favorite scene, and she says it's the one where she gets the coin, so she does get it this season. Not killing the guard is a problem IMO, more so than no weasel soup or not killing anyone in the battle because it was her first premeditated kill.  It's the first time she has time to think through the fact she's going to kill someone, what that means and then goes ahead and does it.  Perhaps we will still get something like that with her killing Polliver.  It would be problematic for the TV series for her not to get Needle back this season IMO, so killing Polliver could cover both points.
2885	Morrigan	2012-05-22	Ohai there fellow JREFer /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2886	kephv	2012-05-22	a small point but arya, gendry and hot pie leaving Harrenhall without horses?!?gonna be a long walk or a really short one when gregor catches up with the 3 for killing half his garrisonIt's not a problem. Winterfell is one or two days tops on foot.
2887	Bee Diddie	2012-05-22	I have the benefit of being a huge fan of The Walking Dead comic book, and have seen how bad TV can change the original story. Trust me when I tell you, WE ARE GETTING OFF EASY. I consider the TV story of Arya a bit of a trade off...while some details are changed, we do get a few excellent scenes between her and Big Daddy Lannister, and IMHO, that's some great TV watchin' my friends.
I am a bit of a johnny-come-lately to Westeros, having watched Khal Drogo say "Crown for a King!" and dumping the molten gold on the begger king. At that moment I knew I had to purchase the book...and to my utter delight...there were four of em!
Anyway, i have resigned myself that the book is the book and the TV series is the series. We can only hope they get the best parts right.
If they pull a Walking Dead...I'm out.
2888	The Monkey	2012-05-22	The other thing is I have to wonder whether there are age restriction rules about portraying how dark such a young character can be.If you've seen the 4th and 5th seasons of The Wire, you'd see there is really no limit to the horrible acts HBO can made their child characters commit.
2889	Nathaniel Hawke	2012-05-22	Jaqen is a beast. How did he manage to lift that guard up and nail him?
As for the iron coin, perhaps we'll see it in 'valar morghulis'. The title really hints at that scene.
2890	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	I have to believe they will have Arya commit a cold blooded murder and get the coin.  My concern is that it will either be very contrived or be less that cold blooded.  I cant imagine a scenario where someone fleeing like arya is would have time or need to commit a cold blooded murder
2891	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	actually, thinking through this again doesn't change anything -- if you're referring to the fact that they're prisoners, the answer is -- so what? how is that worse in this context, where hot pie and gendry each get to do what they do best. we hear no reason from hot pie that makes us think that he will be the subject of torture -- same for gendry. all we get is that they were brought in and initially possibly subject to torture -- tywin squashed that -- the hangings are for the bwb -- who they are going to leave camp to find. not a real sense of danger. and how is being out alone on the run any better? or going to the wall for that matter? where they will be cold, celibate and possibly not able to do their chosen trades. we can speculate that they were afraid, that being prisoners was bad -- but the reality of the show is that we haven't seen any fear since the rat torture, which tywin explicitly said is a no no -- what, you think the mountain is going to start it over again now that tywin left? or that he will hang two kids in an effort to find bwb? hot pie doesn't seem concerned with this, and gendry makes no mention one way or another. no, he doesnt explain why he can't do it now. he just says that i cannot do -- but he already said the same exact thing about amory lorch, right before he then went and killed amory lorch about 30 seconds later. why wouldn't arya press him and say yes you can -- you did it with amory -- just go catch up to him. it would have been logical thing to ask for if jaqen had said no i cant do it now no matter what you threaten me with -- it is impossible to catch up to him now that he has been gone for awhile -- but considering that he could kill amory on the spot based on a simple plea by arya, we are supposed to believe that he couldnt kill tywin asap even under threat of death? why not? he gives us no explanation. the book doesn't either -- but time is not of the essence with arya's book kills, so it doesn't matter -- he merely says that they will die sometime both on the show and in the books, not that it is impossible to effect a quick kill -- and the fact that he has already disproved this fact by killing amory on the spot takes away from the argument that he couldnt do it right away. he is a bamf -- that's what we're supposed to get from him.he can't do it because Tywin already left.  am i crazy here?
2892	summer_stark	2012-05-22	he can't do it because Tywin already left.  am i crazy here?you're not crazy -- i just thought it was portrayed poorly if that is what they were going for -- i.e., say he's long gone -- b/c in the show it looks like a couple of hours at most, which shouldn't make it impossible -- not to mention the fact that jaqen never says i can't do it b/c he's long gone -- he just reiterated the same argument he made when she asked him to kill amory -- i.e., you can't rush these things.  but the fact that he rushed w/amory seems to be a point against that argument is all i was getting at. but, i can concede that maybe this is what was meant -- i just didn't love the way the conversation went down.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 22 May 2012 - 12:16 PM.
2893	Frumpus	2012-05-22	Jaqen is a beast. How did he manage to lift that guard up and nail him?As for the iron coin, perhaps we'll see it in 'valar morghulis'. The title really hints at that scene.Probably with help from Rorge and Biter.
2894	boojam	2012-05-22	Jaqen is a beast. How did he manage to lift that guard up and nail him?As for the iron coin, perhaps we'll see it in 'valar morghulis'. The title really hints at that scene.As we find out in the later books Jaqen, if he's the only FM on Westeros , at this time, is the most dangerous person on that land.Seems to me I saw more than two guards who had been taken out.One note that I am not sure D and D are going to include, and that is , that Jaqen has known she is Arya Stark all along, he tells her this twice in the book. That is mystery in itself that George has yet to explain.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 22 May 2012 - 12:54 PM.
2895	Dannyisnow	2012-05-22	I'd like to hope we see Arya take a guards life along the road at some point during episode nine, but with the battle of RW taking up at least the majority of episode nine it seems unlikely. Maybe the beginning of episode 10, and then the the whole valar morguhlis/coin/face changing scene at the end.
2896	Silverx2	2012-05-22	all this hate about how arya escaped and everyone is leaving out the part with JH killed what i counted to be 5 men in an open courtyard without any of them noticing each other being taken out one by one.
sure he killed and old woman in the book, and some dude who trained dogs, and with help poured some soup and helped boltons men out of the cages. But in the show hes clearly shown himself to be an assassin of a much higher quality then in the book.
So while arya's story is a little bit behind, Now when JH was given a much more impressive kill list.
2897	Silverx2	2012-05-22	I think the easiest way for them to do this is end an episode 9 where shes about to act and then open episode 10 where arya is standing over a dead body with hands covered in blood
2898	Blangadanger	2012-05-22	Wow, a lot of people have given up on TV-Arya's character already. Just because she didn't kill a guard in that exact moment in the show doesn't mean she isn't going to kill one in the same manner in the next two episodes or next season. They haven't actually shown them outside Harrenhal just yet, and Gregor's going to know something is up when he's not getting his fill of ale and a bunch of guards are dead. Gregor's not the type to take such an escape lightly, especially since Tywin ordered him to keep her there.
2899	Tadco26	2012-05-22	Having 10 one hours episodes explains all this, think this through again.And they used much of those 10 hour episodes making up their own stories to replace what happened in the books, time which could have been used sticking to the story the book tells.  It's hard for me to accept that they couldn't adapt a more faithful version of Arya's book story in the same amount of time they used to tell their TV version, for a similar budget.  Sure some things would be cut, altered, or reduced, but for the most part they did a very good job of this in season 1.  It is disappointing that they haven't been able to do a similar job this season on many of the story lines.
2900	lomiller	2012-05-22	Ohai there fellow JREFer /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />/wave
2901	The Monkey	2012-05-22	And they used much of those 10 hour episodes making up their own stories to replace what happened in the books, time which could have been used sticking to the story the book tells. It's hard for me to accept that they couldn't adapt a more faithful version of Arya's book story in the same amount of time they used to tell their TV version, for a similar budget. Sure some things would be cut, altered, or reduced, but for the most part they did a very good job of this in season 1. It is disappointing that they haven't been able to do a similar job this season on many of the story lines.Arya's Harrenhall chapters were only interesting because of her internal dialogue, and they couldn't exactly show that on screen, bar conversations with Gendry. That said, I wish they would have shown her more in some actual terrible misery, but I suppose we will have time for that in S3.
2902	LordofWinter	2012-05-22	If you've seen the 4th and 5th seasons of The Wire, you'd see there is really no limit to the horrible acts HBO can made their child characters commit.Thank you, I think this same thing everytime somebody claims Arya has to be made more "tv friendly". While waiting for this season to start I was worried that they might cut some of her book scenes for the same reason, but then I remember the wire and say a prayer for Omar. HBO has no excuse in my opinion. This was just a poor rewrite.
2903	House Snow	2012-05-22	It should be noted that the Wire wasn't exctly a ratings success and if it weren't for HBO ignoring the ratings likely would have been cancelled, I would submit stuff like kids killing certainly didn't help to attract viewers.  I want Arya to kill too, but lets not pretend its not a serious consideration for the TV show.
2904	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-22	I just watched "Kick-Ass" over the weekend for the first time, which is R-rated like Game of Thrones, and didn't really have a problem with the kid slaughtering everybody and saying something like, "Okay, you cunts, let's see what you can do."  (By the way, I hate the C-word and never use it myself.)
I don't think her age is why Arya's not directly killing anybody yet on the show, but obviously I couldn't say that for sure.
2905	House Snow	2012-05-22	Loved Kick-ass but that was a movie that also didn't do as well as it should have.
2906	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	It should be noted that the Wire wasn't exctly a ratings success and if it weren't for HBO ignoring the ratings likely would have been cancelled, I would submit stuff like kids killing certainly didn't help to attract viewers. I want Arya to kill too, but lets not pretend its not a serious consideration for the TV show.That's the point, I want a smart show that breaks conventions, that in a mature way presents the fantasy genre to the world, to give it the respect it deserves.  When they fail to inject the great things about GRRMs world (the moral grayness, the destruction of heroic and villian stereotypes) they destroy great work that GRRM created.  If you take the BAMF out of Arya you get just a CLICHED wiseass preteen, of which there are INFINITY on tv and movies.  Sheesh you could replace Arya with Hannah Montana or Jaden Smith for all it would matterIf HBO shrinks from putting forth GRRMs twisted genius work of art, the show will fail, cause taking away the darkness will make it fantasy lite, unappealing to the true fantasy fan and the fan of adult drama
2907	boojam	2012-05-22	Sure some things would be cut, altered, or reduced, but for the most part they did a very good job of this in season 1.  It is disappointing that they haven't been able to do a similar job this season on many of the story lines.Having read CoK, I had an immediate fear that trying to do it in 10 episodes was going to demand a huge commitment to the teleplays. I was very impressed with D&D the first season... but this season they seem , frankly, overworked as producers, paying attention to new locations, details, that forcing the novel into 10 1 hr episodes was going to strain them. I frankly see fatigue in their teleplays.On the other hand I would rather have an imperfect season than no continuation at all.Some small things could have been fixed, but the problem of giving characters and settings roughly 2.5 min. in one hour , and only getting 10 of those 1 hrs tot tell the story is a chore I would not want.
2908	Reposado	2012-05-22	and only getting 10 of those 1 hrs tot tell the story is a chore I would not want.its a chore they chose though. there is no reason that season 2 needs to end at the same point COK did. There is no dragon moment that the show needs to end on in ACOK. They could have done 2/3 of the book and ended ACOK 3-4 episodes into season 3. They are doing that for ASOS. They had all the time they needed to flesh out these storyline. they jus chose not too.
2909	Whitering	2012-05-23	What has she done in the show to convince Jaqen that she would be a good recruit? She saved him and has taken on a different persona, is that it? In the book he genuinly liked her. I really like this Arya, and there are lots of reasons to admire her character, but I don't think he has any reason to like her the way he did in the books and certainly no reason to see her potential and ability to learn. Heck, they haven't really pressed that home while in the books it is kind of central to her character. She won't learn things she considers useless but nobody will put in more work and try harder to learn things she considers worthwile. We haven't gotten the lessons about barefeet or much elsel, we haven't seen as much of her intuition and she only goes to Jaqen when she is desperate.
2910	boojam	2012-05-23	its a chore they chose though. there is no reason that season 2 needs to end at the same point COK did. There is no dragon moment that the show needs to end on in ACOK. They could have done 2/3 of the book and ended ACOK 3-4 episodes into season 3. They are doing that for ASOS. They had all the time they needed to flesh out these storyline. they jus chose not too.You tell me how D and D would have known they were going to get a 3rd season?HBO was a little slower this year than last in green lighting a third season.HBO waited until past episode 3 to give D&D a go.... and even though my strong hunch is that they will get a fourth it's up to HBO to make that decision. I know D&D have a working template that SoS will be two seasons, but we can't be sure that will really happen.So you see the bind they were in this season.Even if one were to cut some of the useless exposition , most of it sex fringing, we are now up to chapter 62(Tyrion XIV) by the end of E9 next week,the essence of the story is there.I am guessing a large bulk of E10 will be Daenerys IV and a quick Daenerys V. How they stick in parts of the next 6 chapters is gonna be brief. How they get a little of Jamie and Brienne from SoS I don't know. A ton of stuff to put into two hours.I am gonna guess that out of the approximate 50+a little min. next week won't be exclusively Blackwater. HBO could make E9 or E10 run 5 to 10 min. longer but we almost never know that until the actually showing.Using Arya's story at Harrenhal was just impossible in 10 hours, I thought they did a great job of modifying it. They kept the essentials of Jaqen's story which is solely George's twist.
2911	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	you're not crazy -- i just thought it was portrayed poorly if that is what they were going for -- i.e., say he's long gone -- b/c in the show it looks like a couple of hours at most, which shouldn't make it impossible -- not to mention the fact that jaqen never says i can't do it b/c he's long gone -- he just reiterated the same argument he made when she asked him to kill amory -- i.e., you can't rush these things.  but the fact that he rushed w/amory seems to be a point against that argument is all i was getting at. but, i can concede that maybe this is what was meant -- i just didn't love the way the conversation went down.I can see it both ways.  I was eagerly awaiting their version of weasel soup so i knew it wasnt going to be tywin.  The weasel soup was one of my 2 favorite scenes in CoK.  Like the Jon Snow/Qhorin hunt and fight, it was deleted.  Oh well.
2912	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	Disappointed in how they turned her arc in this and the last episode.  Weasel Soup would not have fit in to the story the way they portrayed things happening, but would have been nice to see - to me that was one of the things that helped Jaqen decide to give her the coin, how she was able to be part of that and play it out.
Not having her name Tywin as soon as Lorch was dead is a mistake in writing - they showed us she knows Tywin is dangerous, yet this impetuous little fireball waits?
2913	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Arya stark is my favorite character and im cool with the adaptations.  Im not fully satisfied, but i understand most of them.
My wife and her sister are non-readers and they still have Arya on badass status.  
Cant say i wouldnt like to see her stuck needle through someones neck.
I think the scene with Gendry is sufficient to remind everyone what Arya's all about, that and her bravery in general.
2914	boojam	2012-05-23	Not having her name Tywin as soon as Lorch was dead is a mistake in writing - they showed us she knows Tywin is dangerous, yet this impetuous little fireball waits?Well... it's the same in the book, George had already put her through enough horror , and she is learning, and she gains more 'street smarts', ..., but not enough ... she names two unimportant louts before realizing that she could have name somebody who would make a difference. That was George's decision to develop her that way.At least on the show the first victim was a real lout who deserved it.The second was a situation that saved her skin.In the book she did not even think to take out Tywin until he was really long long gone. So I give D and D credit for her coming around faster, tho not fast enough.If you looked at those chapters vs. time per sequence per episode, one can see now there would be no time for Weasel Soup.I did think that some variant of that would happen with Jaqen being check mated into freeing her, tho I did expect to see him in action, sort of missed that.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 23 May 2012 - 07:54 AM.
2915	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	Disappointed in how they turned her arc in this and the last episode.  Weasel Soup would not have fit in to the story the way they portrayed things happening, but would have been nice to see - to me that was one of the things that helped Jaqen decide to give her the coin, how she was able to be part of that and play it out.Not having her name Tywin as soon as Lorch was dead is a mistake in writing - they showed us she knows Tywin is dangerous, yet this impetuous little fireball waits?She went to plan b, escaping with her friends.  Perfectly plausible.
2916	Silverx2	2012-05-23	Not naming tywin right away wasn't just because she was "slow" on the uptake.
Tywin treated her well, She was relatively safe while he was around, and from a couple of instances she ate better then most of tywins own men. Twin took her from sleeping in a puddle of mud to spending her nights indoors. I think ultimately Tywin leaving caught her off guard, im sure she thought she had more time, maybe she expected tywin to say "ill leave tomorrow at first dawn" which would give her time to talk to JH. Instead tywin said "ill ride at once" this left no time for her to plan with JH.
2917	Greywolf2375	2012-05-23	Well... it's the same in the book, George had already put her through enough horror , and she is learning, and she gains more 'street smarts', ..., but not enough ... she names two unimportant louts before realizing that she could have name somebody who would make a difference.That was George's decision to develop her that way.At least on the show the first victim was a real lout who deserved it.The second was a situation that saved her skin.In the book she did not even think to take out Tywin until he was really long long gone. So I give D and D credit for her coming around faster, tho not fast enough.That's the problem though - the show tells us she knows he is a target by staring at his neck with a knife and has told us that she knows she sometimes needs to run to get it taken care of immediately like Lorch.  And then drops the ball with it by ignoring it.
2918	Reposado	2012-05-23	You tell me how D and D would have known they were going to get a 3rd season?not sure how that's relevant. if they don't get a third season, then not all of ACOK gets into the show. Not a big deal. It's not like the story ended there
2919	boojam	2012-05-23	not sure how that's relevant. if they don't get a third season, then not all of ACOK gets into the show. Not a big deal. It's not like the story ended thereBut the show sure would have, not season, no show, it's HBO's call.
2920	Reposado	2012-05-23	But the show sure would have, not season, no show, it's HBO's call.so why does it matter where they leave off?
2921	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	I like the idea of HBO letting the viewers know which books the seasons will mirror personally.
2922	Reposado	2012-05-23	I like the idea of HBO letting the viewers know which books the seasons will mirror personally.but that is going to end after this season at the latest. book three will be split and then, there will be events from books 3 4 and 5 all helping simultaneously. season 3 will be part of book 3. season 4(if it happens) will be parts of 3,4,5. season 5-6 will be parts of 4 and 5 and possibly beyond.(if they get that far) no need to cram all of two into one season just because book one worked out that way.the narrative is suffering for it
2923	Morrigan	2012-05-23	If you've seen the 4th and 5th seasons of The Wire, you'd see there is really no limit to the horrible acts HBO can made their child characters commit.No need to get that far, just check season 1, Bodie/Poot/Wallace anyone?
2924	boojam	2012-05-23	so why does it matter where they leave off?Have to ask D and D ... I don't know what they anticipated , I have not heard that  HBO told D and D when they green lighted season 2 that HBO would green light a season 3.It's a question someone should ask D and D. Despite HBO's enthusiasm last fall (only public one I know of ), HBO had nothing to say about season three until about 3+ weeks into season 2.So D and D had to make the teleplay decisions about season 2 last spring ,not knowing, I guess, about a season 3.Why they have stuffed book 2 into one season is something one will have to ask them.I do know they had said last year that SoS would have be 2 seasons... but they did not say why CoK had to be one season.
2925	Gogossos	2012-05-23	Wow, a lot of people have given up on TV-Arya's character already. Just because she didn't kill a guard in that exact moment in the show doesn't mean she isn't going to kill one in the same manner in the next two episodes or next season.I said earlier that the plot will probably catch up with the books quickly enough but the character might not. Whitering explained better what I meant:What has she done in the show to convince Jaqen that she would be a good recruit? She saved him and has taken on a different persona, is that it? In the book he genuinly liked her. I really like this Arya, and there are lots of reasons to admire her character, but I don't think he has any reason to like her the way he did in the books and certainly no reason to see her potential and ability to learn. Heck, they haven't really pressed that home while in the books it is kind of central to her character. She won't learn things she considers useless but nobody will put in more work and try harder to learn things she considers worthwile. We haven't gotten the lessons about barefeet or much elsel, we haven't seen as much of her intuition and she only goes to Jaqen when she is desperate.There are lots of tiny things that are in the books which are not critical to the adaptation's plot but are critical to Arya's character. Basically D&D should have decided that Arya is one of the main characters and her turning point, a critical juncture, was Harrenhal. She met and impressed Jaqen, one of the super expensive assassins in the world. While she spent most of ASOS intending to head to Riverrun (and family, safety, place in the world, etc) most of that was pulled right underneath her by the RW. She was then left alone, believing her only two remaining siblings were in no position to help her. So she follows Jaqen's path. So, for me, there are three critical ingredients to her narrative: she suffers a lot and is put in desperate situations numerous times; she has the inner strength to survive; she is talented and is focused enough to be a Faceless (Wo)man, an elite profession. The weasel soup was definitely part of the third ingredient, it gave Jaqen enough of a glimpse into her potential talents. The fact that D&D can nonchalantly write off one of the most important moments of one of the main characters (not to mention it's popularity) fills me with a certain uneasiness.
					
					
							Edited by Gogossos, 23 May 2012 - 05:11 PM.
2926	turdle	2012-05-23	its a chore they chose though. there is no reason that season 2 needs to end at the same point COK did. There is no dragon moment that the show needs to end on in ACOK. They could have done 2/3 of the book and ended ACOK 3-4 episodes into season 3. They are doing that for ASOS. They had all the time they needed to flesh out these storyline. they jus chose not too.completely agree, except that they aren't even giving acok a full season. they have crammed it down into 8/10 of season with the exception of a few storylines. the excuse that they didn't have enough time to fit the story in doesn't work with a tv show.  HBO would love to keep this show going for 20 years if it keeps the ratings, they don't have any desire to "get it over with."
2927	summer_stark	2012-05-23	I said earlier that the plot will probably catch up with the books quickly enough but the character might not. Whitering explained better what I meant: There are lots of tiny things that are in the books which are not critical to the adaptation's plot but are critical to Arya's character. Basically D&amp;D should have decided that Arya is one of the main characters and her turning point, a critical juncture, was Harrenhal. She met and impressed Jaqen, one of the super expensive assassins in the world. While she spent most of ASOS intending to head to Riverrun (and family, safety, place in the world, etc) most of that was pulled right underneath her by the RW. She was then left alone, believing her only two remaining siblings were in no position to help her. So she follows Jaqen's path. So, for me, there are three critical ingredients to her narrative: she suffers a lot and is put in desperate situations numerous times; she has the inner strength to survive; she is talented and is focused enough to be a Faceless (Wo)man, an elite profession. The weasel soup was definitely part of the third ingredient, it gave Jaqen enough of a glimpse into her potential talents. The fact that D&amp;D can nonchalantly write off one of the most important moments of one of the main characters (not to mention it's popularity) fills me with a certain uneasiness.i agree with this post -- obv since i started this thread.  still, i was thinking about weasel soup v. what the show did, and it struck me that the weasel soup scene has very little to do w/arya -- both the guard killing and weasel soup have little to do with her.  the differences are:  she isn't thinking big picture, she is only thinking of herself -- and the main thing is that she didn't escape on her own.  however, in terms of the actual importance of weasel soup (my favorite scene in acok), it seems now in thinking about it, that it is less important to her storyline than her reasoning behind it.the important things are: 1) she pulls her clever trick on jaqen,here, the clever trick fell flat in the show -- which really bothered me.  they tried to pick up where the book left off w/r/t naming tywin -- only thinking about it as he was leaving, and not finding jaqen in time.  however, in the show, this makes a lot less sense than it did in the books.  she obv considered killing tywin already -- as we saw from the whole knife/neck sequence -- so she didn't think about it at the last minute as she did in the books. plus, having constant interaction with him and knowing his plots against robb, it seems silly that she wouldn't name him (and the whole argument that she was safe under tywin makes little sense since a) she did name him, just too late; and b ) she thought about killing him herself, so obv this wasnt a major concern for her).  add that to the facts that she is younger and has more pressing concerns in the book (e.g., daily ass kicking from weese), she never interacts with tywin, and is not privy to his plots.  yet she still tries to name him -- albeit too late -- but still, the show never gives a concise reason why she waited so long. so, this plot failure makes her seem much less clever on the show than in the books.  say what you will about the fact that she waited in the books, but i'm not buying it -- esp since she clearly thought about killing tywin -- and she clearly wanted to kill tywin as evidenced by the late naming of him.  therefore, failure to name him sooner is a mark against her in the show.2 ) she effectively plans a coup. she can foresee that freeing the northmen will mean that robb's men will overtake harrenhal from the lannisters.  The failure to use any name to effect any change outside of her own situation makes her seem less mature -- in the books she considers the fact that there are enough northmen to overtake amory's men -- and just needs help with the execution -- so she effectively plans a coup -- though the logistics are handled by jaqen.  this is the important part of weasel soup to her development -- she is finally bright enough to realize consequences and strategize to achieve her goals. in the show, she merely uses the last name for her own benefit, showing her to be not only helpless, but also showing no growth in her time at harrenhal.  her realization that tywin would have been the smart name starts her on a path to realizing that she needs to do more to help -- maybe this can still be achieved in the show, since she leaves right after the naming instead of sticking around harrenhal under roose. 3) she is clever enough to plan and execute her own escape --that in and of itself is a big deal.  it shows her development from helpless child to mature adult (with the free the northmen plan being a sort of transition from one to the other)the way she used her last name to get help -- it seemed strange for one thing (as i went on about at length earlier in this thread), plus it makes her helpless.  whereas in the books she not only plans the escape, she executes is, and a guard.  those three things are pivotal to her development.4) kills in cold bloodshe deliberately kills a guard who has done her no harm -- this is the single most important part of her growth at harrenhal in terms of her path to being a fm.  this can still happen, but at this point in the show, she does not have the development, or the personal hardship required to be so cold-blooded (beat downs by weese, killing several men intentionally as self-defense, general sense of fear at harrenhal).so, all in all, as much as i lamented the deletion of weasel soup and its importance, i think that the important part of weasel soup was the plan to free northmen knowing that they would be able to take over the castle.   since they didn't have the whole northmen sub plot, a major growth opportunity is lost that they haven't substituted as of yet.  the only other point of weasel soup is to show the way she tricked jaqen into helping, and how much of a bamf jaqen truly is -- both of those two things are accomplished in the show. however, the loss of her maturity in realizing she has to use the third name to effect real change and planning the coup is the real loss to her development.  the fact that it is substituted with jaqen helping her escape means that those things are lost, along with two of her most important developments at harrenhal -- being independent and clever enough to figure out how to escape on her own, and intentionally killing a guard.  the epic fails of her storyline this season imo.can they bring it back and effect her development in other ways next year?  probably.  but the fact remains that at this point in the books, she is well on her way to becoming a FM, and that is why jaqen gives her the coin.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 23 May 2012 - 06:06 PM.
2928	summer_stark	2012-05-23	so, after reading tv w/o pity (a board for non-book readers) i have to re-assess my feelings about arya's story line.  for one thing, most viewers think she doesn't name tywin b/c she'd be worse off if he was dead, so unless she had an escape plan, naming him would be a bad idea.  they don't see her timing in naming tywin as odd (since he was leaving to fight robb).  they also think that it was definitely time to leave b/c of the mountain, so i was glad people remembered how crazy he is and the implications for her.
also, most people think that she is getting way more ruthless b/c she didn't flinch at the killing of several guards, and shrugged at the thought of not having honor.  so her cold bloodedness is starting to come out.  also, most people think she will be a warrior -- especially based on her fangirl description of rhaenys and visenya. 
so maybe we are just being too hard on the show at this point.  it makes me happy that people view her the way i do.  i wish i could remove my memories of the books just for the course of each season . . .
2929	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	so, after reading tv w/o pity (a board for non-book readers) i have to re-assess my feelings about arya's story line. for one thing, most viewers think she doesn't name tywin b/c she'd be worse off if he was dead, so unless she had an escape plan, naming him would be a bad idea. they don't see her timing in naming tywin as odd (since he was leaving to fight robb). they also think that it was definitely time to leave b/c of the mountain, so i was glad people remembered how crazy he is and the implications for her. also, most people think that she is getting way more ruthless b/c she didn't flinch at the killing of several guards, and shrugged at the thought of not having honor. so her cold bloodedness is starting to come out. also, most people think she will be a warrior -- especially based on her fangirl description of rhaenys and visenya. so maybe we are just being too hard on the show at this point. it makes me happy that people view her the way i do. i wish i could remove my memories of the books just for the course of each season . . .The 2 non readers I watch with still think she's cold blooded and a badass.
2930	Archmaester Marwin	2012-05-24	I think they have handled Arya's plotline clumsily. It just needs more time...the pacing has been incredibly rushed. I can't help but cringe at the minutes put into Rob/Talissa scenes, imaginary Littlefinger scenes, etc. that could be used for something developing Weese, Raff, Dunsen, Polliver, or whomever to provide names for Arya to use without taking the wind out of the sails of the scene with the Hound and Arya in the inn where the meet the Tickler and Polliver down the line.  We are also woefully short on bloody mummers, who end up featuring in Jaime and Brienne bits later on and are not easily replaced in the story. The northmen not taking the castle also provides logistical problems. I am starting to think Jaime will not go to Harrenhal. I think the changes they are making are like a lie...they will need to keep making more to get out of it.
That said, I got goosebumps when Arya started telling Tywin about Visenya and Dark Sister. That was a really nice moment that near redeemed it for me. Tywin's view of Harrenhall was quite good (and overdue) too.
					
					
							Edited by Archmaester Marwin, 24 May 2012 - 11:09 AM.
2931	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	I think they have handled Arya's plotline clumsily. It just needs more time...the pacing has been incredibly rushed. I can't help but cringe at the minutes put into Rob/Talissa scenes, imaginary Littlefinger scenes, etc. that could be used for something developing Weese, Raff, Dunsen, Polliver, or whomever to provide names for Arya to use without taking the wind out of the sails of the scene with the Hound and Arya in the inn where the meet the Tickler and Polliver down the line.  We are also woefully short on bloody mummers, who end up featuring in Jaime and Brienne bits later on and are not easily replaced in the story. The northmen not taking the castle also provides logistical problems. I am starting to think Jaime will not go to Harrenhal. I think the changes they are making are like a lie...they will need to keep making more to get out of it.That said, I got goosebumps when Arya started telling Tywin about Visenya and Dark Sister. That was a really nice moment that near redeemed it for me. Tywin's view of Harrenhall was quite good (and overdue) too.I think that HBO could have done ACOK justice with a 12 or 13 episode season and getting rid of the changes in the characters.  They could have fleshed out Arya's story more appropriately and stayed true to the story.Of course it aint my money so you have that as well.
2932	boojam	2012-05-24	1) she pulls her clever trick on jaqen,here, the clever trick fell flat in the show -- which really bothered me.  they tried to pick up where the book left off w/r/t naming tywin -- only thinking about it as he was leaving, and not finding jaqen in time.  however, in the show, this makes a lot less sense than it did in the books.  she obv considered killing tywin already -- as we saw from the whole knife/neck sequence -- so she didn't think about it at the last minute as she did in the books. plus, having constant interaction with him and knowing his plots against robb, it seems silly that she wouldn't name him (and the whole argument that she was safe under tywin makes little sense since a) she did name him, just too late; and b ) she thought about killing him herself, so obv this wasnt a major concern for her).  add that to the facts that she is younger and has more pressing concerns in the book (e.g., daily ass kicking from weese), she never interacts with tywin, and is not privy to his plots.  yet she still tries to name him -- albeit too late -- but still, the show never gives a concise reason why she waited so long. so, this plot failure makes her seem much less clever on the show than in the books.  say what you will about the fact that she waited in the books, but i'm not buying it -- esp since she clearly thought about killing tywin -- and she clearly wanted to kill tywin as evidenced by the late naming of him.  therefore, failure to name him sooner is a mark against her in the show.But that my take on what George wrote in the book. The way I saw it was Arya just did not have the maturtiy of judgement yet to make the right choices. George has her introspective most of time going back and forth on her strengths and her weaknesses. She repeats Syrio Forel's teachings which play to her strengths one moment and then despairs at lack of power the next. She was after all not even a teenager in the book, well in George's universe there are no teenagers. Seems to me George makes her out to be a more complex character than than others around here do.She's learning to be more mature on the show just as she does in the books.Someone will have to ask George if the show captured Arya's character close enough... cause all we have are our individual impressions.
2933	summer_stark	2012-05-24	Eh. I think plenty of ppl find her complex. Seems like the gripes here are that she's not complex enough (she's neither a mouse nor an independent person). She's just helpless a clever. Pretty one note. 
That said, I think non book readers see her on the show much the way we see her in the books--cold blooded badass (like mulled wino said) who is struggling to be in charge of her life. So *shrug* I'm more ok with it now than I was. My non book reading friends and family like her but don't really think she's a badass. But most others seem to, so I'm guessing that we are just seeing her on a slower path than in the books. Or at least that what I'm hoping!
2934	Gogossos	2012-05-24	But I think that impression most non book readers have of Arya are from the first season. That season did incorporate a few of her characteristics: she hated needlework, she was better than Bran with the arrow, she wasn't afraid of Joffrey and her attitude to the Lannisters mirrored most of the veiwers'. Arya's BAMFness was established early and only maintained this season but not, I suspect, amplified.
 For me, seeing Arya physically suffering with hunger, hard manual work and the like compares quite nicely with Sansa who, while in comparatively more comfortable surroundings, suffers similar albeit phychological horrors and faces them with the same stoic attitude. I thought that contrast would translate well to a visual medium but it has not happened yet. Seeing Arya working the kitchens would've done that.
2935	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-24	She is a badass in the show, but she is so much more of a badass in the books.
The way they can remedy this is that in the next episode, as they leave the castle they come upon a lone man on patrol, and Arya kills him the way she does in the books.
2936	DurararaFTW	2012-05-24	But I think that impression most non book readers have of Arya are from the first season. That season did incorporate a few of her characteristics: she hated needlework, she was better than Bran with the arrow, she wasn't afraid of Joffrey and her attitude to the Lannisters mirrored most of the veiwers'. Arya's BAMFness was established early and only maintained this season but not, I suspect, amplified. For me, seeing Arya physically suffering with hunger, hard manual work and the like compares quite nicely with Sansa who, while in comparatively more comfortable surroundings, suffers similar albeit phychological horrors and faces them with the same stoic attitude. I thought that contrast would translate well to a visual medium but it has not happened yet. Seeing Arya working the kitchens would've done that.That is not an Arya characteristic, just the opposite. Arya has no idea how to shoot an arrow. In the books she was greatly frustrated that she was unable to get the same training as Bran, who, rather then be a screw up at archery, was pounding Tommen in the ground in swordpractice. That scene undermined Bran and Arya both IMO.
2937	boojam	2012-05-24	She is a badass in the show, but she is so much more of a badass in the books.The way they can remedy this is that in the next episode, as they leave the castle they come upon a lone man on patrol, and Arya kills him the way she does in the books.It's odd about people's take on Arya.I guess I don't know what people mean when they say 'badass' , in the book and the show she seems confident , expedient and and a survivor type ... in the book she's even more complex than that.She seems to adapt to really a really awful mileu without really being a mean person, which she is really not.
2938	Bee Diddie	2012-05-24	If the weasel soup scene is so good, why don't I remember reading it? I've read all the books and I don't remember that at all.
2939	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-24	It's odd about people's take on Arya. I guess I don't know what people mean when they say 'badass' , in the book and the show she seems confident , expedient and and a survivor type ... in the book she's even more complex than that. She seems to adapt to really a really awful mileu without really being a mean person, which she is really not.She's not just a survivor, she's a stone cold killer with no fear. Witness her eating the wormed apple without even noticing, her killing of Dareon (that wasn't about survival), her figuring out how to kill the merchant
2940	summer_stark	2012-05-24	don't get me wrong, i'm with you guys -- i think she is way more badass in the books than in the show.  it's just after reading tv w/o pity, i thought that people were getting some of the same impressions of her that we did in book 2 -- clever and smart to go toe to toe with tywin (but still a kid since she does mess up a bit); cold blooded is coming out more now with the "shrug" and the fact that she didn't care about all the guards that needed to be killed. 
personally, it bums me out that she isn't as awesome in the show as she is in the books, but for some reason, some of my enjoyment of the show is tied to my non-book reading friends and family, so when they see her as cold blooded, clever, intelligent, this makes me happy. it also makes me think maybe i'm just overly biased b/c she is my favorite character and maise williams is so talented at bringing her to life that i want to see her develop like she dos in the books.  
then again, she really does need to start killing people...it's really high time. . . i just hope it isn't too jarring when it happens b/c they have left out some of her development --- but if people think she is cold blooded already, then maybe it won't be too much of a shock.
Bee Diddie:  weasel soup is the name for the stunt she pulls where she gets jaqen, rorge, and biter to free the northmen who amory lorch brought in, because she thinks the northmen can take the castle.  so jaqen makes her go to the kitchens and ask for huge kettles (or maybe just one huge kettle) of soup, and then the 4 of them go to the dungeons and tell the guards that it's food for them (or for the prisoners) but instead they throw the scalding hot water on the guards, kill them, and free the northmen who are numerous enough to then overtake the skeleton crew tywin left behind.
2941	teemo	2012-05-24	she's awesome in the show and everyone I know that watches but doesn't read loves her to death.  every single one.  it's a shame she's not as complex and cool as in the books, but at least she's still loved for pretty much the same reasons.
2942	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	does it occur to all you arya fans that she is probably quite psychotic?  certainly anti-social?  Doesnt she hurt small animals?  She is the Jason Voorhees of Westeros!
2943	summer_stark	2012-05-24	does it occur to all you arya fans that she is probably quite psychotic?  certainly anti-social?  Doesnt she hurt small animals?  She is the Jason Voorhees of Westeros! /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' /> arya doesn't hurt animals.  she was devastated to have to make nymeria run off, but she did it to save her.  and she caught cats in KL,  for practice and let them go.  and she killed pigeons for food -- which, if you're a carnivore, shouldn't trouble you.  i'm vegan and i don't begrudge a poor starving girl any food she can find (frankly, i don't begrudge anyone anything they want to eat, eating animals just isn't my bag).i don't think she's psychotic or anti social.  maybe a bit of a sociopath, but not pyschotic (which implies super emotional batshit crazy type shit -- i think aside from killing the tickler, which i don't blame her for, she is pretty unemotional about killing).  also, as evidenced by her lamenting the loss of her little gendry/hot pie family, and her real family, she's not anti social, just lonely w/o many trustworthy people around her these days.wait, aren't you an arya fan too? were you just kidding?  if so, replace my post with /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 24 May 2012 - 08:29 PM.
2944	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	perhaps i used the wrong phrase but it somewhat disturbs me her inability to feel anything over killing several strangers, esp. the guard and the insurance guy in braavos
2945	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	You really dont remember when arya "rescues" the northmen from the dungeon in harranhal and they take the castle for roose?
2946	Bee Diddie	2012-05-25	Nope. I didn't really get into Arya until she ate the worm from TKM's skull. During the course of these books I found myself growing weary of Dany's POV (was one of my favorites along with Jon and Tyrion) and growing increasingly fond of Stannis, Davos and Arya.
2947	The Monkey	2012-05-25	That is not an Arya characteristic, just the opposite. Arya has no idea how to shoot an arrow. In the books she was greatly frustrated that she was unable to get the same training as Bran, who, rather then be a screw up at archery, was pounding Tommen in the ground in swordpractice. That scene undermined Bran and Arya both IMO.I'm hoping for this too.
2948	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Nope. I didn't really get into Arya until she ate the worm from TKM's skull. During the course of these books I found myself growing weary of Dany's POV (was one of my favorites along with Jon and Tyrion) and growing increasingly fond of Stannis, Davos and Arya.It was a pretty tense/dramatic situation.  One of my 2 favorite scenes in CoK (along with the qh/jon snow chase and capture).  If you di reread, you should read arya chapters as close as any tyrion chapter.  Im so fed up with Dany its killing me to read her on my DwD reread.  I detest her right now
2949	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	perhaps i used the wrong phrase but it somewhat disturbs me her inability to feel anything over killing several strangers, esp. the guard and the insurance guy in braavosWell, the insurance guy was a contract hit.The guard was to save her and her friends lives.  Dont seem out of place with lots of oter deaths in the books.  Especially the red wedding massacre or frey pies.
2950	boojam	2012-05-25	She's not just a survivor, she's a stone cold killer with no fear. Witness her eating the wormed apple without even noticing, her killing of Dareon (that wasn't about survival), her figuring out how to kill the merchantThe killing of Dareon comes much much later, and an odd touch by GRRM...but while in Westeros she is not a sociopath ... who seem to populate GRRM's books without number.Every thing that happens to her in Westeros is tied to survival.
2951	boojam	2012-05-25	Well, the insurance guy was a contract hit.A bank and an insurance agent, how many fantasy novels have those?This brings up a complaint of mine. I see the , often, reviews in the media referring to Jaqen as a high paid assassin.We know that the FM are so much more than that.In fact the killing of the insurance agent (which by the by was clever trick on Arya's part)... did not seem to be for money, as I remember.If I remember correctly a FM contract has to involve more than money.The FM have to have ,also, some enigmatic motivation. Jaqen does his for Arya, not for money, but for a philosophical(?)principal, I hesitate to call it religious, since the FM have one hell of a strange and inscrutable 'religion'.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 25 May 2012 - 06:37 AM.
2952	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	You really dont remember when arya "rescues" the northmen from the dungeon in harranhal and they take the castle for roose?actually her role was generally passive beyond getting JH to do the deed
2953	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	Well, the insurance guy was a contract hit. The guard was to save her and her friends lives. Dont seem out of place with lots of oter deaths in the books. Especially the red wedding massacre or frey pies.Certainly, but for a series that seems to acknowledge real life effects on people who do bad things. It is odd that this child shows no remorse, guilt or stress over cold blooded murder.  And if that is intentional, it is indicates Arya's character is a monster.I do find that Arya's chapters have a unique writing style that often shows he is writing about a child, shorter sentances, more rapid and less complex characterizations.  They seem to have their own voice.
2954	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	A bank and an insurance agent, how many fantasy novels have those?This brings up a complaint of mine. I see the , often, reviews in the media referring to Jaqen as a high paid assassin.We know that the FM are so much more than that.In fact the killing of the insurance agent (which by the by was clever trick on Arya's part)... did not seem to be for money, as I remember.If I remember correctly a FM contract has to involve more than money.The FM have to have ,also, some enigmatic motivation. Jaqen does his for Arya, not for money, but for a philosophical(?)principal, I hesitate to call it religious, since the FM have one hell of a strange and inscrutable 'religion'.WRT to the insurance agent. I thought it awesome that GRRM would add such detail to his setting.  Assuming that they did have such things in the medieval world, which I have no idea whether there were or not.
2955	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	A bank and an insurance agent, how many fantasy novels have those?This brings up a complaint of mine. I see the , often, reviews in the media referring to Jaqen as a high paid assassin.We know that the FM are so much more than that.In fact the killing of the insurance agent (which by the by was clever trick on Arya's part)... did not seem to be for money, as I remember.If I remember correctly a FM contract has to involve more than money.The FM have to have ,also, some enigmatic motivation. Jaqen does his for Arya, not for money, but for a philosophical(?)principal, I hesitate to call it religious, since the FM have one hell of a strange and inscrutable 'religion'.Lol, more brilliance from George.  Seems like the insurance thing was fairly popular in the free cities.  There was mention of someone else in DwD who was in the insurance biz.Yes, The FM dont just kill for x doller amount, it's like they perform a spiritual reckoning.
2956	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	actually her role was generally passive beyond getting JH to do the deedShe was the orchastrator.  She made it happen.
2957	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	Certainly, but for a series that seems to acknowledge real life effects on people who do bad things. It is odd that this child shows no remorse, guilt or stress over cold blooded murder.  And if that is intentional, it is indicates Arya's character is a monster.I do find that Arya's chapters have a unique writing style that often shows he is writing about a child, shorter sentances, more rapid and less complex characterizations.  They seem to have their own voice.Same as Jamie Lannister. I would agree that Arya is a monster (and I love it).  The reason Arya is my favorite character is we are privy to the creation of a monster from the cradle to the grave (im assuming).  Everything about her is brutal and we get to see the softness ripped out of her by the tragedies and hardships in her life, yet she bounces back with singular determination.  I dont find her lack of remorse odd because i understand her.
2958	Gogossos	2012-05-25	I certainly hate to call her a monster. In a world where boys grow up idolising fighters, killers and society deeming it honourable to join one of these, it seems that Arya might be the odd one out because she is a girl. The FM are skilled assassins and Arya is joining them. That doesn't make her a monster in my book, considering the world she inhabits. What we might accuse her of is having less honour that Ned, Robb and indeed Jon and I think I can defend her somewhat in that also.
					
					
							Edited by Gogossos, 25 May 2012 - 03:00 PM.
2959	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	I certainly hate to call her a monster. In a world where boys grow up idolising fighters, killers and society deeming it honourable to join one of these, it seems that Arya might be the odd one out because she is a girl. The FM are skilled assassins and Arya is joining them. That doesn't make her a monster in my book, considering the world she inhabits. What we might accuse her of is having less honour that Ned, Robb and indeed Jon and I think I can defend her somewhat in that also.Depends on your definition of monster and the stigma you associate with that definition.  I dont think monster always carries negative connotations.
2960	boojam	2012-05-25	I certainly hate to call her a monster. In a world where boys grow up idolising fighters, killers and society deeming it honourable to join one of these, it seems that Arya might be the odd one out because she is a girl. The FM are skilled assassins and Arya is joining them. That doesn't make her a monster in my book, considering the world she inhabits. What we might accuse her of is having less honour that Ned, Robb and indeed Jon and I think I can defend her somewhat in that also.Remember Brienne is one of the 'boys' too, seems we need a better word than monster. I would not call Lisbeth Salander a monster either, or Matt Dillon ... being a hard edge because of circumstances must have a better characterization.Again, the FM are a whole lot more than just skilled assassins , as we find out later.
2961	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	I certainly hate to call her a monster. In a world where boys grow up idolising fighters, killers and society deeming it honourable to join one of these, it seems that Arya might be the odd one out because she is a girl. The FM are skilled assassins and Arya is joining them. That doesn't make her a monster in my book, considering the world she inhabits. What we might accuse her of is having less honour that Ned, Robb and indeed Jon and I think I can defend her somewhat in that also.By the way, i agree with your post completely.  Some people may call her character traits monstrous.  I wouldnt argue that, nor defend her is someone says she's cold blooded and a killer.  I fucking love that about her and I think she commands respect because she earned it.
2962	SerMixalot	2012-05-25	arya is ned starks daughter. NS certainly bore the burden of killing. It is natural to compare that to his other children.  S, B&R havent killed anyone yet, Robb is too one dimensional, though killing Karstark was very difficult for  him.  Jon certainly had an issue over killing Ygritte (I will have to give more thought to his other kills, Orell, Slynt, etc).  But Arya does not seem phased in the least for what certainly is the most cold blooded. Certainly that is intentional of GRRM to present her thisway.  Which raises the question to my mind of whether Arya is a villian or not.
2963	Mulled Wino	2012-05-25	arya is ned starks daughter. NS certainly bore the burden of killing. It is natural to compare that to his other children.  S, B&R havent killed anyone yet, Robb is too one dimensional, though killing Karstark was very difficult for  him.  Jon certainly had an issue over killing Ygritte (I will have to give more thought to his other kills, Orell, Slynt, etc).  But Arya does not seem phased in the least for what certainly is the most cold blooded. Certainly that is intentional of GRRM to present her thisway.  Which raises the question to my mind of whether Arya is a villian or not.but ever other stark/snow child has had different external influences than arya....  She's a product of a completely different environment.  And she's stayed true to her roots throughout everything.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 26 May 2012 - 06:07 AM.
2964	lomiller	2012-05-25	But Arya does not seem phased in the least for what certainly is the most cold blooded.She went though all kinds of rationalizations about why the insurance salesman was probably someone evil who deserved to die.  She may have taken the actual killing in stride as she does almost anything but if anything she thinks more about why people should live/die than any other PoV character.  At one point (before the RW) she was worried that her family would not want her back because she had killed people.
2965	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-26	Wait.  Who is the insurance man?
2966	ARYa_Nym	2012-05-26	I think  Arya felt bad about the killing but at the same time she's very desensitized at this point."Have you killed anyone?" That seemed to startle him. "I'm only twelve." I killed a boy when I was eight, Arya almost said but she thougth she'd better not. "You've been in battles, though." "Yes." He did not sound very proud of it...Arya was remembering the stableboy at King's Landing. After him there'd been that guard whose throat she cut at Harrenhal, and Ser Armory's men at that holdfast by the lake. She didn't know if Weese and Chiswyck counted, or the ones who'd died on account of the weasel soup...all of a sudden, she felt very sad."
2967	boojam	2012-05-26	Wait.  Who is the insurance man?It does say spoilers on this thread. That is way later in Arya's story if you have not read the books. If the show gets that far it may be a sequence that's cut. Nothing but a pick pocket's cut purse tool and a coin, leading to psychological trauma. Quite clever.An insurance salesman in a fantasy novel, that takes the cake!
2968	Mulled Wino	2012-05-26	Wait.  Who is the insurance man?Edited, defer to superior answer by boojam.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 26 May 2012 - 06:12 AM.
2969	Bee Diddie	2012-05-26	Reading this thread it is easy to see how Arya can be viewed as a psycho, but I never truly got a sense of that when reading her POV. She's an eleven year old girl thrown into a bad situation and she's a survivor and a Stark, the blood of the first men is strong in her.
I am re-reading the books now, and her inner narrative doesn't describe someone without remorse, in my humble opinion. In aSoS she misses Hot Pie, even though she admits he was weak and thoroughly useless, she doesn't want to tell the things she's done to someone who she associates with her father because she can't bare for the late Lord Eddard to know. Even later in aDwD I never got the sense she was a cold killer, only that she wants the learn the skills she needs to exact vengeance from the people responsible for destroying the life she knew.
2970	Gogossos	2012-05-26	I think we can all agree that vengeance is a word that we associate with her. She doesn't wantonly destroy lives but there is a short list that you just know she is not going to let them live if she can help it. And that list only includes those who have destroyed/hurt her family and their pets. We've mentioned Dareon earlier and that it was an odd touch by GRRM, but I've always thought that it was because he deserted Jon.
					
					
							Edited by Gogossos, 26 May 2012 - 02:11 PM.
2971	Bee Diddie	2012-05-26	That's right, I nearly forgot about the crow who left Sam and Maester Aemon! Now that you mention it, she wanted to kill The Tickler for his torture as well. So if we consider this, is it vengeance she wants, or justice? While she may not have a true sense of the concept of justice just yet, what would Ned have done in her place? What would an honorable warrior of the north do?
I think their actions would be similar to young Arya's (excluding of course traveling abroad to train as an assassin), but given she's so young and a female in a mideival setting (and wanted by noble houses to exploit her claim as they have done to Sansa) her choices are few.
					
					
							Edited by Bee Diddie, 26 May 2012 - 02:24 PM.
2972	SerMixalot	2012-05-26	Im sorry but to an extent I dont believe this.  The killing of the guard was not vengence or justice, it was someone in her way.  GRRM purposely wrote the story such that it was a northman and she did not gendry or JH or inconjunction with any of them.  IIRC there were mummers at Harrenhall or freys at Harrenhall so the killing could have seemed more justified.  it was intentionally someone she should have identified with and had no beef with.
Now certainly it could be inthere to demonstrate her continuing detachment witih her identiy as Arya and  her continued growth as a cold blooded killer, but her lack of remorse or nightmares on the incident paints her as a sociopath. 
she has been traumitized?  yes so was joffrey being raised by cersei, that does not make Arya any less responsible for her actions as Joffrey
and I wold not want to stand in the way of a murderous 11 year old gettting what they want
and as an aside, do you get that same feeling of ruthlessness from Show Arya?  I dont
2973	Bee Diddie	2012-05-26	I thought Joffrey's mean streak was a result of his parent's incest. The Targs were certainly prone to madness as a result of such close breeding.
Killing the guard was a necessity of escape.
I don't particularly get a sense of ruthlessness from book Arya.
					
					
							Edited by Bee Diddie, 26 May 2012 - 03:43 PM.
2974	lomiller	2012-05-26	I think we can all agree that vengeance is a word that we associate with her. She doesn't wantonly destroy lives but there is a short list that you just know she is not going to let them live if she can help it. And that list only includes those who have destroyed/hurt her family and their pets. We've mentioned Dareon earlier and that it was an odd touch by GRRM, but I've always thought that it was because he deserted Jon.IMO it's because she is a Stark.  Death is the penalty for desertion from the Nights Watch and Starks have carried out that penalty for 6000 years.
2975	Whitering	2012-05-27	Actually taking out Daeron, which I hope she does in the show, was very in character. She has always been a little wild, I suspect that even the nine year old fresh out of Winterfell Arya would have thought him deserving of execution, but just not have had the means or talent to pull it off.
He deserted from the Night's Watch. Even in this world deserting from a military order can get you killed. In the West it mostly now gets you imprisoned for a long time, but that's pretty recent.
2976	Mulled Wino	2012-05-27	Reading this thread it is easy to see how Arya can be viewed as a psycho, but I never truly got a sense of that when reading her POV. She's an eleven year old girl thrown into a bad situation and she's a survivor and a Stark, the blood of the first men is strong in her.I am re-reading the books now, and her inner narrative doesn't describe someone without remorse, in my humble opinion. In aSoS she misses Hot Pie, even though she admits he was weak and thoroughly useless, she doesn't want to tell the things she's done to someone who she associates with her father because she can't bare for the late Lord Eddard to know. Even later in aDwD I never got the sense she was a cold killer, only that she wants the learn the skills she needs to exact vengeance from the people responsible for destroying the life she knew.She's cold blooded in that she doesnt hesitate to kill when its necessary.  Very good points though by yourself and someone else regarding her sense of remorse.
2977	teemo	2012-05-20	Okay, finally an episode that I thought was very good.  I could practically predict everything that was going to happen.  For a second there at the end, I thought Dagmer was going to be Reek, and that really freaked me out.  My main issue with this episode:
TALISA/JEYNE WHOEVER YOU ARE - SHUT UP YOU ARE ANNOYING.
Yeah, that storyline with her and Robb is just garbage.  It is so fake, cheesy...the writing is bad.  It's just awful.
Dany/Jorah - lame/cheesy.....sick of hearing her talk about being a "mother."
No Sansa /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Almost every woman cast member was in this episode except Sansa....ugh.  Sansa is being dissed by this show, big time.  
Basic rules for this thread:
#1 - you can't nitpick actress' breasts, faces, etc.  Please be respectful.  Also, no threatening to beat up or physically harm the writers of the show (the moderators almost shut down this thread a couple weeks ago because of this)
#2 - for the good of the thread, please don't attack others about their nitpicks/complaints.  Debating the validity of a nitpick is fine, but nothing is too small of a nitpick or too ridiculous to be posted here.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 21 May 2012 - 10:53 AM.
2978	moonsblood	2012-05-20	first Jaime with dyslexia and now a mention of medieval cpr preformed by a slave, probably just me but I found these things to be pretty amusing.
Also this is probably a really petty nitpick but why no beyond the wall points on the opening map?
2979	teemo	2012-05-20	I could barely listen to Talisa/Jeyne's story because it was so boring....especially since I'm thinking it's all made-up.  Or is it???? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2980	Katydid	2012-05-20	Dany/Jorah - lame/cheesy.....sick of hearing her talk about being a "mother."Dany's story has completely lost me this season, and this episode was just ridiculous.  There was no reason for that scene at all.  Just leave her out of tonight's epi, finish her up in 2x10.And for the love of the Gods, get her on track next season.
2981	birdsong66	2012-05-20	I'm sorry, but wouldn't threatening to behead Jaime also qualify as an act of treason, Lord Karstark?
ROBB:  you are neither suffering from some wound, nor are you grieving your younger siblings deaths, but overwhelmed by the thoughtful story relayed by Whatsherface, and you have sex.  Fantastic.   
I can only hope that no one else just happens into your tent in the same manner as whatsherface has a habit of doing.  The entire Doctors without Borders/Robb/Volantis plot is such a pile of drying ejaculate...there are no words.
2982	Patchface12	2012-05-20	Yeah, that storyline with her and Robb is just garbage. It is so fake, cheesy...the writing is bad. It's just awful.I had wondered about that from the beginning of all this. Beinhoff is best known for Troy and that movie was awful
2983	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-20	Robb's storyline is really boring. It simply did not work. Talisa's premise is stupid. It would be much better if the series have been faithful to the books.
During the time Talisa was telling her story, I was tweeting, and missed nothing.
No other nitpick, it was a good episode, really.
2984	Rapsie	2012-05-20	So no Sansa yet again. Given that she should actually have a lot of scenes in ASOS I really don't understand moving her escape story with Dontos to Season 3. Tonight's episode would have been a good one to introduce that storyline and her having at least a second conversation with Sandor (the person she spends most of ACOK talking to). Sansa has almost been reduced to a more minor character than Ros or Shae!
No Weasel Soup, or Nan Soup even? One of Arya's best moments in the book that has gone for some reason.
Robb and what's her face: dear lord how badly can Robb and Cat's motivations and storyline become more messed up.
2985	Mark Antony	2012-05-20	i hate all the changes in Jons storyline.
2986	Lannes	2012-05-20	Robb and what's her face: dear lord how badly can Robb and Cat's motivations and storyline become more messed up.Totally agree. The changes made to Robb and Cat's storyline are bewildering and seemingly pointless. I suppose we will see, but this season has had a boat load of changes that seem to have been made just for the sake of change.
2987	NedFlanderStark	2012-05-20	I have a problem w/ most of the actresses faces and breasts
2988	irishtemper	2012-05-20	i hate all the changes in Jons storyline.This times 1 million...and some of the Arya changes as well
2989	Rapsie	2012-05-20	Totally agree. The changes made to Robb and Cat's storyline are bewildering and seemingly pointless. I suppose we will see, but this season has had a boat load of changes that seem to have been made just for the sake of change. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Given the plot changes to far, I'm starting to sympathize with Roose over his decision at the Red Wedding. Unless Season 3 gets back to the plot, I really can't see myself being upset about Robb or Cat's demise.
2990	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	i had some hope that they would correct the grievous errors they  made but NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
and soon will come the apologists
2991	fede989	2012-05-20	I'm no book purist but the relationship between Robb and Talisa has been terrible. It's not because of the changes per se but the feel of it. Everything seems so forced about it. There's no chemistry between the actors, and it certainly doesn't help that the dialogs are so poor and uninteresting. 
If the whole idea of showing more of Robb this season was for the audience to empathize with him, it's just not working. As a spectator I'm losing interest in his character and this is really one of the worst dangers: We're supposed to root for Robb, aren't we? But why should we? There's have been very little interest in showing him fighting a war and everything that it implies, and more interest into this relationship, that most people couldn't care less. I know that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s too expensive to show battles, but we could see some planning or some briefing about the current situation, we know almost nothing about this war only that Robb is supposedly winning it.
					
					
							Edited by fede989, 20 May 2012 - 10:33 PM.
2992	sbjackdaw	2012-05-20	Where in the seven hells is the iron coin?
2993	The NAomenA3rean	2012-05-20	Robb/Talisa storyline. Is she actually Jeyne? Get on with it. And the conversation with her about Ned = ugh
Cat releasing Jaime even though she thinks Bran and Rickon are still alive
Yara(Asha)/Theon scenes are kinda pointless
Dany pointless
Luwin is doing.... what?
Highlights: Jaime/Brienne scenes. 
Tyrion/Bronn scenes
Jaqen
2994	birdsong66	2012-05-20	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Given the plot changes to far, I'm starting to sympathize with Roose over his decision at the Red Wedding. Unless Season 3 gets back to the plot, I really can't see myself being upset about Robb or Cat's demise.THIS.  I cannot believe that I'm actually beginning to feel for ROOSE!  Blasphemous, but a fact, nonetheless.
2995	Tewks44	2012-05-20	I can stand changes that involve budget issues, actor schedules, and other issues related with filming and production.  
However, I CANNOT stand changes that involve a bunch of stuck up T.V. writers wanting to stroke their ego by trying to "one up" GRRM.  Jeyne Westerling was fine... why did you replace her with this random girl from Volantis that decided to heal wounded people on ANOTHER CONTINENT because her brother drowned and a slave died saving her.  It just doesn't make sense.  Sure the whole not wanting to live in another slave city ever I can deal with, but Braavos isn't a slave city, and it isn't half way across the damn world, and her back story really doesn't explain why she felt the need to treat wounded soldiers.
And what's up with Qhorin.  The gruff but understanding father like figure has apparently been rewritten as an angry old man with a hair up his ass.
oh, and to top it all off, Jaqen, a character that has been interpreted very well has just had one of his best moments written out of the show (it would seem).
 I mean, I still gave the episode a 9/10 because it's still a good show on its own merit but PLEASE STOP MAKING POINTLESS AND SEEMINGLY RANDOM CHANGES FROM THE BOOKS, THE BOOKS ARE WHAT PEOPLE FELL I LOVE WITH AND THE STORY THEY TELL IS WHY YOU ARE MAKING THIS SHOW IN THE FIRST PLACE.
2996	teemo	2012-05-20	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Given the plot changes to far, I'm starting to sympathize with Roose over his decision at the Red Wedding. Unless Season 3 gets back to the plot, I really can't see myself being upset about Robb or Cat's demise.you read my mind....while I wasn't a huge superfan of book Robb (it's difficult with no POV and not a whole lot of time spent with him), I did like him.  I know he acted like a fool in the books by breaking the Frey pact, but on the show he is acting like a fool/asshole.  Book Robb didn't spend his time walking around camp finding girls to talk to and have sex with during grievous times....the relationship with him and Jeyne stemmed from him being badly injured and being stuck with her.  Book Robb was also 15. On the other hand, we have TV Robb.  TV Robb is a grown man, and it's clear that we're supposed to think that.  Why in the hell is he spending so much time with this girl when all of this very serious stuff is going on right in his own camp?  He's not grievously injured on the Crag and being nursed back to health by a beautiful girl....it's kind of pathetic, really.  And I'm kind of excited now to see TV Robb get stabbed in the back by Roose.  Damn, never thought the show could make me hate their version of Robb! wtf.  And if the writer that wrote these scenes wrote Troy.....I see the problem.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 20 May 2012 - 11:23 PM.
2997	Faraday	2012-05-20	Don't like the changes to the Jon story, or how they've turned out. At least not yet.
Actually fairly okay with Robb/Jeyne (or w/e she's calling herself) - don't particularly love the scenes but I can bear them fairly easily.
2998	Jolene Brown	2012-05-20	I know this ship sailed many moons ago, but I'm sad that we can't get Roose's killer line to Brienne, when he tells her and Jaime about the Robb/Jeyne marriage and she says "This can't be true," Brienne said stubbornly.  "King Robb was sworn to wed a Frey.  He would never break faith, he -" and Roose says, "His Grace is a boy of sixteen," said Roose Bolton, mildly.  "And I would thank you not to question my word, my lady." 
Just love the way he slapped her down there, and loved the whole dynamic of the story - Robb's accomplishments are many, but he is still a boy of sixteen, and ultimately his youthful naivete is his downfall.  Sigh.  I know they needed to make him a little older, but I thought that aspect of the book was so moving and profound.
2999	Umberto	2012-05-20	This thread has way too much negativity. I will slowly back out...with one final statement...
	Spoiler  I LIKE ALL THE CHANGES AND THEY ARE NECESSARY FOR A TV ADAPTATION.
*runs out of room* 

					
					
							Edited by Umberto, 20 May 2012 - 11:42 PM.
3000	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-20	--This is defintiely nitpicking, so I'm in in the right thread. Stannis telling Davos he'd make him hand happened too early. That's one of my favorite scenes from ASOS, and here it's relegated to an offhand comment. Especially disappointing since I was really enjoying their scene together prior to that, and if I hadn't read the books I wouldn't care. But it's a very strong moment in A Storm of Swords, one that made me realize I liked Stannis, and here he just seems to do it out of the blue, whereas in the book it's because Davos tells him the hard truths.
--Qhorin is just not the same character. Really looks like a bumbling idiot on the show, one who can't even keep track of his own men. Jon looks even worse. 
--So sick of Dany mentioning her damn dragons and needing to get them back. That was a waste of a scene, though at least it was short.
--Tyrion just doesn't seem as clever on the show. Almost feels like he's being played more for comic relief, and he is funny (in the books too), but he just doesn't seem as smart.
3001	teemo	2012-05-20	Spoiler  I LIKE ALL THE CHANGES AND THEY ARE NESSICARY FOR A TV ADAPTATION.*runs out of room* 
yeah, you better...hah /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 20 May 2012 - 11:35 PM.
3002	Gogossos	2012-05-20	No weasel soup? There's no justification for that whatsoever! It just shows that these writers probably read the books too fast and they completely miss the point of some of these character moments.
3003	congokong	2012-05-21	I agree with hk47 on everything really. This episode was much less painful than last weeks. But I still have nitpicks.Tyrion now is wondering how to defend the city, and goes through old books to figure it out and asks his commander of the city watch/sellsword Bronn for advice?What happened to the plot with Tyrion poisoning Cersei? Tyrion opening asked Pycelle for what I thought was a diuretic, and then the plot was dropped.Stannis declaring Davos his hand now is a change I actually don't mind. I just found it funny how Davos didn't protest it at all. He looked like he was feigning surprise and thinking "About time!"The Cersei/Tyrion feud seemed a little forced considering the lack of hostility they've had this season.Where is Sir Dontos?No Vargo Hoat?Quorin Halfhand would never be taken alive!Catelyn frees Jaime before the news about Bran/Rickon, and Robb has sex with this flaky woman who is always around him for some reason also before the news.This season will never stand up to the first, but this episode wasn't as ridiculous.Edit: Oh, and Stannis does smile sometimes. The writers got him mixed up with Tywin.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 21 May 2012 - 12:13 AM.
3004	seikai	2012-05-21	Okay, I am now completely convinced that the show is making an active effort to sideline the moments of awesome given to the female characters. I was so looking forward to them proving me wrong and showing Arya's Weasel Soup moment (at least don't ruin HER, right?)... aaaand nothing. It's like they're purposefully trying to make the women more pathetic than they actually are. (And don't even get me started on her asking for the Tickler's death before... that gives me little hope for future episodes. I predict she won't get that awesome moment where she stabs him to death and all the fighting will instead be done by the Hound.)
3005	congokong	2012-05-21	No weasel soup? There's no justification for that whatsoever! It just shows that these writers probably read the books too fast and they completely miss the point of some of these character moments.They're not fond of food like GRRM. Like with Renly's peach.
3006	congokong	2012-05-21	Don't like the changes to the Jon story, or how they've turned out. At least not yet. Actually fairly okay with Robb/Jeyne (or w/e she's calling herself) - don't particularly love the scenes but I can bear them fairly easily.I can endure them too. But they are terrible. At least they don't change something really important to the grand scheme of things. What I don't like is how this random woman follows and questions the king of the north about his motives in the war. It doesn't feel authentic as a medieval-era type of story when women (especially strangers) can speak so freely without hesitation. GRRM made their encounter plausible, but this is painfully forced.
3007	Golden Twin	2012-05-21	I can stand changes that involve budget issues, actor schedules, and other issues related with filming and production. However, I CANNOT stand changes that involve a bunch of stuck up T.V. writers wanting to stroke their ego by trying to "one up" GRRM. Jeyne Westerling was fine... why did you replace her with this random girl from Volantis that decided to heal wounded people on ANOTHER CONTINENT because her brother drowned and a slave died saving her. It just doesn't make sense. ... PLEASE STOP MAKING POINTLESS AND SEEMINGLY RANDOM CHANGES FROM THE BOOKS, THE BOOKS ARE WHAT PEOPLE FELL I LOVE WITH AND THE STORY THEY TELL IS WHY YOU ARE MAKING THIS SHOW IN THE FIRST PLACE. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  So much this. I mean what they hell? There is no, and I mean absolutely no excuse for them to have changed Jeyne. There are no money or production issue involved except the dialogue would be different. I am OK for them to change things when they have to be changed in an adaptation but this is purely a measure of stroking their ego. A complete waste of a character storyline. How in the name of gods are they going to convince people who haven't read the books that the red wedding happened because of little miss cliche as hell?We need some goddamn GRRM loyalists in the writing team and by that I mean sack the producers and fill the positions up with purists.Also the whole Dany being the 'mother' and 'I am the blood of the dragon' can only remain fresh for so long. They screwed her arc up as well. I understand that they decided to spice things up with the whole dragon stealing thing but didn't bother to explain why. Who the balls is Pyat Pree? Why does he want her to visit the house of the undying? We got nothing.
					
					
							Edited by raggin, 21 May 2012 - 12:35 AM.
3008	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	-I like the Talisa/Jeyne changes. In the books Jeyne has zero personality or culture. Talisa has travelled pretty far, knows about Nobility and the plight of the ordinary man. I think she will be interesting.
-The dany scene was pointless, i would rather have had a scene where they were preparing to attack or get to the House of Undying. Her with a determined look on her face, going up the steps.
 - I absolutely loved the Yara scene and her whole persona
- I would have preferred to see Cat make the deal with Jaime though
3009	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	The thing is that one of the most poignant aspects of Robb's story was precisely the incredible cost of a decision made so purely out of honor, rather than real knowledge of Jeyne or even necessarily true affection for her.  It was so Ned.  He married her because he had compromised her own honor, and in doing so, damaged his with the most far-reaching of consequences.  This is exactly what I love most about the storyline and it is killing me to see them change it.
3010	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> So much this. I mean what they hell? There is no, and I mean absolutely no excuse for them to have changed Jeyne. There are no money or production issue involved except the dialogue would be different. I am OK for them to change things when they have to be changed in an adaptation but this is purely a measure of stroking their ego. A complete waste of a character storyline. How in the name of gods are they going to convince people who haven't read the books that the red wedding happened because of little miss cliche as hell? We need some goddamn GRRM loyalists in the writing team and by that I mean sack the producers and fill the positions up with purists. Also the whole Dany being the 'mother' and 'I am the blood of the dragon' can only remain fresh for so long. They screwed her arc up as well. I understand that they decided to spice things up with the whole dragon stealing thing but didn't bother to explain why. Who the balls is Pyat Pree? Why does he want her to visit the house of the undying? We got nothing.Agree with everything you said. A lot of this season has felt like David and Dan trying to spice up A Clash of Kings and making somewhat of a mess, and in Qarth making a total clusterfuck. Did anyone at all care about Xaro trying to be the king of Qarth, or was anyone shocked at his betrayal? We hardly even knew who he was, or anything about Qarth, so who cares if about his power plays agianst the Thirteen or invoking Sumair or any of that crap.Same thing with Jeyne. Wasn't enough that Robb gets married offscreen to the daughter of a smaller house on the Lannister side. Instead, they put in scenes of cliched romance with some noble turned healer that are really just a waste of time.Some of my least favorite scenes have been the cliffhangers. In the book, Jon hears that Craster may be sacrificing babies to the others. The show though, has to make everything explicit, and not only does Jon see an other taking one of the babies, but he gets whacked over the head by Craster in a cringeworthy cliffhanger more suited to True Blood.
3011	MaJose	2012-05-21	No weasel-soup! ok, so she did name Jaqen as her last name wich is cool, but the weasel soup plan is so much awesome not only because of the way they did it but also because thanks to Arya Harrenhal was taken by the north.
The news of Bran and Rickon's supposed death not reaching the Starks. Way to make Robb and Catelyn seem completely incompetent. They are fitting a freaking war and they go and make all this stupid desicions. At least in the book they had the excuse of being emotionally unstable during their screw ups. 
And speaking of screw ups, Robb's "love story" is just a mess. I though this Talissa woman was Jeyne Westerling in disguise or something but now we had a whole story about her past. So is this a completely different character? This is making Robb seem all the more stupid. I guess my vision of Robb's wedding was "less romantic" than the producer's. I always saw it as Robb succumbing to a moment of weakness due to emotional distress. Jeyne was a high born lady and Robb tough he dishonored her by sleeping with her (high born ladies are supposed to be virgins when they marry) so he marry her. It was an honorable decision in a way, he just put Jeyne's honor above his own. I'm not saying he didn't fall in love her, I'm sure there was that too, but I always thought that it was his sense of duty and honor that really push him to make that decision and not just "love" cause he wouldn't be so stupid to ditch the Freys just for that. But, well since we don't have a Robb POV, I guess this is just me wishful thinking that Robb wasn't that stupid.
3012	House Martell	2012-05-21	I'm going to hang on to some shreds of hope and try to rationalize some of the "changes". Without Riverrun they can change "Jenye" and eliminate all the Westerlings from the show (save time and actors), I mean without Riverrun how can they have her mom and sister part of the story, therefore she can be nurse from Volantis. I agree that they could have given Robb some more "excuses" for falling for her (Bran & Rickon dead, him wounded and her caring for him) but the door is still open for her to escape with his baby (which aside from being the catalyst for the Red Wedding is her biggest role).
No "weasel soup" or coin YET, but the last episode is titled "Valor Morgalis" so there is hope they include it some how, I'm hoping Aryas escape won't be that easy, she's had a cake walk of a time so far, things have to get harder.
3013	Golden Twin	2012-05-21	Also, I think someone mentioned this already but does Jaqen give Arya the coin before she leaves (which I know she doesn't until after Roose takes Harrenhal), I don't remember exactly but after Weasel soup (damn you D&D), he does give the coin right? They also didn't show Tyrion commissioning the chains I am hoping they make use of it and not just put forth throwing wildfire as the ultimate master plan. I am kinda OK with there not being Cleos in the Jaime redemption arc but his dialogue with Brienne could have been a little more better ("wench..."). I hope Dany gets into the house already also I am skipping all the Robb/Talisha bits when watching an episode from now on.
3014	nothatso	2012-05-21	I feel like they've completely destroyed the relationship between Jon and Qhorin in favor of having Jon parade Ygritte around in the middle of nowhere. That seems like something that had a somewhat significant role not only in his character development, but in the perception of the character by readers(and potentially viewers). Now he just kind of looks like an idiot.
Also I was really looking forward to that chase scene from the books where the rangers stay behind one by one to stall Rattleshirt, but it's not going to be there. Very disappointing.
					
					
							Edited by nothatso, 21 May 2012 - 01:38 AM.
3015	seikai	2012-05-21	Also, I think someone mentioned this already but does Jaqen give Arya the coin before she leaves (which I know she doesn't until after Roose takes Harrenhal), I don't remember exactly but after Weasel soup (damn you D&D), he does give the coin right?I reread it recently - yes, Arya receives the coin from Jaqen before she leaves, and after Weasel soup (in fact, he leaves it with her right before he departs after having fulfilled his deal with her).
3016	Evamitchelle	2012-05-21	I thought Cat's reaction was a bit off. She owns up to her treason and repeats several times that she'll gladly be punished for it, but here she just kinda sits there. She didn't even mention that Karstark was about to kill him, which I thought was the whole point of changing the narrative. At least they could have had her stand up so she didn't have to look up to Robb and Karstark the whole time. It'll also make Robb look like a giant moron and a hypocrite : "[Jaime Lannister] has played you for a fool. You've weakened our position and brought discord into our camp". If that is so bad then what the hell are you doing walking around the countryside and having sex with Talisa Medicine Woman ?Also Podrick is huge. Isn't he 12 or something ? He looks taller than Cersei.
					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 21 May 2012 - 02:15 AM.
3017	kephv	2012-05-21	I'm the furthest thing from a purist, mind you, as long as the changes are better, but I don't like the changes to Jon or his story one bit. They lost all the tension of them being hunted to focus all on the tension in Jon's pants.Not to mention they've made him completely incompetent, along with Qhorin and the rest. It also makes absolutely no sense how Jon lost them in the first place. They were supposed to be waiting for him at the top of that hill, but apparently he didn't even know the direction they were headed in.EDIT:Also Podrick is huge. Isn't he 12 or something ? He looks taller than Cersei.Yeah, I laughed when she called him a little boy. That guy's as big as the hound! He also looks older than -- or as old as -- Joff, so they've probably aged him up a bit.
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 21 May 2012 - 02:26 AM.
3018	Envie	2012-05-21	The thing is that one of the most poignant aspects of Robb's story was precisely the incredible cost of a decision made so purely out of honor, rather than real knowledge of Jeyne or even necessarily true affection for her. It was so Ned. He married her because he had compromised her own honor, and in doing so, damaged his with the most far-reaching of consequences. This is exactly what I love most about the storyline and it is killing me to see them change it.I agree with you. This is my biggest nitpick so far. I see absolutely no reason why they needed to change her name or who she is at all. It doesn't make sense Robb would betray his word to the Frey's for a piece of ass from Volantis, it just doesn't! I mean, it was hard enough to take in the books. Everyone did a facepalm and shook their heads saying what a foolish mistake Robb had made... but now, this sex scene of frantic ripping of clothing off to do it on the floor with a girl he barely knows from Volantis? BLAH.My second biggest nitpick was the awkward scene between Jaqen and Arya. Since they dropped Weasel Soup, it felt a lot less significant how they played out the dialogue. I'm actually ok with production reasons for shortening Arya's complicated story at Harrenhal, but at least make the scene between she and Jaqen work like it did in the book and also she should have at least gotten one killing of a guard in there somewhere. My last nitpick is a doozy though... why the HELL are they leaving out Tyrion's chain??? It's such a huge huge part of the plot and having him standing around bickering with Bronn about cleaning his nails while he pores over old books was humorous but made him seem somewhat clueless and like a bumbling idiot to be honest. Tyrion's much much more clever than that, we all love him for it, and I don't like how they're playing that scene out, boring boring. They spent more time on his lines with Cersei and with Ros (which albeit were good) than they did or could have making a solid plot road towards the making of the chain that takes so long you wonder if it will ever get done in the books! Tell me they're not going to put it in and instead made the ships just all magically burst into flame from wildfire and somehow not escape out of blackwater? LAME.
3019	Morrigan	2012-05-21	No chain. No weasel soup. No Arya killing her own guard to escape Harrenhal. Catelyn's character is nearly destroyed and she looks like a moron. Jon/Qhorin was boring. Dany is still annoying. Almost nothing happened in this episode.
Also, the writers like the word "cunt" a bit too much. Yeah yeah you're so edgy, lawl.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 21 May 2012 - 02:58 AM.
3020	birdsong66	2012-05-21	I thought Cat's reaction was a bit off. She owns up to her treason and repeats several times that she'll gladly be punished for it, but here she just kinda sits there. She didn't even mention that Karstark was about to kill him, which I thought was the whole point of changing the narrative. At least they could have had her stand up so she didn't have to look up to Robb and Karstark the whole time. It'll also make Robb look like a giant moron and a hypocrite : "[Jaime Lannister] has played you for a fool. You've weakened our position and brought discord into our camp". If that is so bad then what the hell are you doing walking around the countryside and having sex with Talisa Medicine Woman ? Also Podrick is huge. Isn't he 12 or something ? He looks taller than Cersei.Which is exactly what I'm looking forward to now.  I mean really, as they have written it, it would suggest that discord and weakness was given to them by Robb himself, given that it was his choice to put cousin Alton in the cell with Jaime, because he has too many live prisoners, allowing for his death, Jaime's initial escape, and Karstark's sowing discord with threats to behead him for the resulting death of his son, leaving Catelyn with an impossible decision, whilst he's off somewhere, made all the worse because he asked Volantis to join him.  In HBOGoT, Robb deserves, even earns, the RW, guest right customs or not.It's so much easier to blame Catelyn.  And it really rather makes sense in the books.  But the show makes the idea odd because those that are holding her accountable, forcefully and loudly, are the hypocrites, overly emotional in the accusation, while she sits calmly and takes it.   It's so completely upside down and backwards, one can't help but notice it feels a bit off.  I don't like what they've done to one of the few Mother/Son relationships that was presented as positive and nurturing.  Instead, we laud Dany because she is willing to sacrifice everything because her dragons, DRAGONS, are her children, and we have little difficulty enjoying as Cercei mucks around protecting her children, one of which is a vile little shit, but we vilify Catelyn for doing something in the hopes of protecting her children, the only children who are in every sense of the word, in real danger?  I simply can't wrap my head around it.   And really, how is it that woman got Jaime out of there unobserved in the first place.  Really?  She just walked him out, commanding everyone to step aside, and then served herself up for punishment afterwards?  Seriously, that just pushes even my considerable abilities of "willing suspension of disbelief."  You don't have to be a "purist" to question the logistics of that scenario; it simply doesn't make sense, even for a TV adaptation.  Certainly "purists" are going to dislike alterations from the original meat, but for me, it's the changes, or adaptations, that don't hold up logically that are the most bothersome.
3021	Lebronn Jaime	2012-05-21	So the Jon storyline looks to be getting us to the same place, but now Jon is an idiot, Qhorin is not a badass, and the sacrifice of the rangers is a casual aside. What was the point of the changes?
3022	Evamitchelle	2012-05-21	Which is exactly what I'm looking forward to now. I mean really, as they have written it, it would suggest that discord and weakness was given to them by Robb himself, given that it was his choice to put cousin Alton in the cell with Jaime, because he has too many live prisoners, allowing for his death, Jaime's initial escape, and Karstark's sowing discord with threats to behead him for the resulting death of his son, leaving Catelyn with an impossible decision, whilst he's off somewhere, made all the worse because he asked Volantis to join him. In HBOGoT, Robb deserves, even earns, the RW, guest right customs or not.I do hope they eventually spin it that way, showing that Robb made one political mistake after another, but I'm worried they're gonna go with "she tricked Robb into sleeping with her !!" instead if Talisa does turn out to be Jeyne Westerling.
3023	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-21	There is a chain, it can be seen in the promo picture with Bronn.
Three pages of nitpicking and no one points out the following... Lord Karstark prayed to one of The Seven!!! 
He clearly says something about The Father when he should be talking about an old tree.
Also I'm completely dumbfounded by the fact that Talisa is Talisa.  What manner of retardation is this? 
So all across the world people have the same basic accent and language save for the Bravosi and Dothraki?
Apart from the already mentioned complaints this sure shits over the world building in this series.
3024	Harland Flint	2012-05-21	this is probably a really petty nitpick but why no beyond the wall points on the opening map?If you remember Bran's first dream after he was pushed from the window, he can't see beyond the wall because there is a blinding light. That's my rationale.Also there isn't really anything to attach moving cogs to north of the wall, except walruses.My Nitpick:Where the hell is ghost while Jon gets captured? I understand that it's expensive to CGI the wolves. But, if you cut the scene with Dany (kinda pointless, we've already established many times that Jorah is like "Lets flee and live together" and Dany's like "But, draaaaaagons") and extend Jon Snow getting kicked in the snow a bit where he sees ghost tailing him in the distance, he can gesture to Ghost "stay behind for now"
3025	Rapsie	2012-05-21	So I never thought I'd say this, but I am now looking forward to the Red Wedding.
3026	madman2711	2012-05-21	There is a chain, it can be seen in the promo picture with Bronn.Three pages of nitpicking and no one points out the following... Lord Karstark prayed to one of The Seven!!! He clearly says something about The Father when he should be talking about an old tree.Somebody said that it is intentional as he would pray or sacrifice to foreign gods and not old ones just to get his sons backI really think that after the battle of the "yellow fork" any other stupid mistake in history geography or religion is adding just as superficial / careless writing of the seriesProbably the red wedding will be a brown one
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 21 May 2012 - 04:20 AM.
3027	insertname	2012-05-21	-Tywin is officially a fool now
-The show has a completely messed up perception of time being needed (Tywin specifically says Stannis is only days away from Kings Landing - How is he supposed to get there soon enough? Or are they cutting that? Tyrion also apparently can have the smiths make a giant chain within a day?)
-Yeah Robb/Talisa really doesn't make any sense, Robb wouldn't do it nor would Catelyn allow him to do it...
3028	madman2711	2012-05-21	OMG hope im not right but the only reason Robb will marry Tallysa is if she gets pregnant and Robb doesnt want a bastard as his mother instucted him
3029	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-21	I'm actually cheering for the Red Wedding solely to put an end to Robb/Talisa scenes.  Why is it that she keeps barging into Robb's tent?  This is not a M.A.S.H. unit; she's an unattached woman of dubious status, he's the King in the North, and this is Westeros, where rank and privilege count for, if not everything, than almost everything.  And here I was hoping for another Roz-free episode.  I knew she was going to be Alayaya's stand-in.  I suppose it's too much to expect that she leaves King's Landing after this season and never reappears in the show...Hopefully Tyrion has already set the smiths to working on the giant chain and won't have a sudden flash of inspiration 30 hours before the battle...I think that Emilia Clarke would have been better served without a scene in this episode.  As much as I enjoy looking at the Mighty Cheekbones and Azure Eyes of Iain Glen, the scene was a waste - more whining about the dragons.  I can only hope that we'll get to see all three of the critters before Season 2 ends.  Maybe Drogon will have taught his brothers how to cook by then...
3030	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-21	Speaking of rank and privilege can I nitpick one detail about episode 7? How in the hell does it make sense of one of Karstark's sons to be positioned as a jailer.  This really seems demeaning when considering Mord and the ones described in ADWD.Seemed like a shitty plot device and one of the many reasons I couldn't be buggered to discuss last weeks episode.Somebody said that it is intentional as he would pray or sacrifice to foreign gods and not old ones just to get his sons back I really think that after the battle of the "yellow fork" any other stupid mistake in history geography or religion is adding just as superficial / careless writing of the series Probably the red wedding will be a brown oneGood gods...  I know that GRRM involvement is minimal but you'd think they'd have him go over the scripts!Oh and one more thing, the new Mountain makes me cringe anytime I see him and I hope they recast Conan.
3031	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-21	I've liked most of the Robb/Talisa stuff but I don't know why they couldn't have just had her be Jeyne.
3032	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-21	Reading through this thread, two things stuck out:
1. How is it a good thing when you can predict what's going to happen (Responding to OP)?That's generally not something a television show or any other artistic creation should aspire to. It's also the reason why Robb's story is badly written IMO, and it's also bad writing in all other cases.
2. Speaking about Robb, his love story is cheesy for sure. It's very clichA© which is why you can predict what's going to happen. I did find this one of the more succesful sex scenes, tasteful in comparison to the whore abuse.
I disagree that it was better in the books because there is NOTHING in the books to compare to. It's just bad television but I totally understand why they added it. This is not to "one-up" on grrm, it just makes sense to show this part of the story and keep Robb's presence more continuous for the non-readers. Good decision/bad execution.
3033	GoodGuyA	2012-05-21	The weasel soup is fundamentally silly. All I remember about it was that they poured it on some people and then slaughter happened. The basic idea behind the scene, "Girl is greedy", is what they needed to get down. Obviously they didn't that either, but people must get what is at the heart of a scene rather than just what was presented the first time around.The Jeyne changes are to make us give a shit. You can argue if it's executed well, but the original story was lame. Robb finds girl after she heals him, Robb falls in love. I seriously had no reason to care for Jeyne in the books, no real position on her place in society, and no reason to care about Robb's decision as it related to himself but rather how it related to the rest of the North. If you just did that (and off screen, no less) it would be the most boring story in the entire TV show.
3034	Sharpes	2012-05-21	Dammit, where is Ghost?
And where is the Harrenhall Godswood?!! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3035	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	joffrey is now older than robb???
3036	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	want to point something out, i believe it was in the past episodes
cat married ned and he essentially left on his wedding night to fight in robert's rebellion, robert's rebellion was before rob ert married cersei
cat got pregnant with rob on their wedding night
soooooo
joffrey is older than robb?
3037	Lady Cheeseheart	2012-05-21	Phew, what to say, what to say.
I always lurk, and after last week's hideous monstrosity this week really made up for it in staying true to the books...mostly.
Again, Jeyne/Robb.  I'm sitting here going "wtf?" whenever they're talking.  We know GRRM is finicky for keeping customs, manners and the like in keeping with the time period in which they are set.  How the hell is this random Volantene woman getting in to Robb's tent all time?  His guards must suck at their jobs to let an unknown woman saunter into the tent.  I'd be a LOT more understanding of it all if a guard popped his head in and said "Your Grace, the Lady Talisa begs a word" or SOMETHING.  Roose should at least question her presence.  That bothers me.  Then, as said before, WHY WHY WHY do they let it get so bad?  Viewers will say "oh what an idiot" but it's just....so not his character.  I try to look at it all as a new story, so I'm not too pissed off at the stupidity of some of it, but I just think it ruins that whole dynamic of choosing to protect her honour.  I could have forgiven the impulsive sexytime if he had recently learned of Bran/Rickon; the same goes for Catelyn.  Nah, sorry producers, but you've really cocked up the chronology.  There's just so much that is forgiveable and understandable assuming character knowledge of Bran and Rickon's deaths.
Not so fussed about Weasel soup.  I think they've done REALLY well in adapting that storyline to fit budget constraints, and to make it easier for the unsullied (wahey!) viewers to understand.  It works, she wastes 2 names and regrets it but it's too late in the end.  Now I just need to see that damned coin make an appearance.
Jon Snow storyline is...sub par.  I don't like the changes they've made to it, but I can see that it will get to the same place in the end.  I'm not happy with it, but I know that it'll make sense as an adaptation.  We just lack character building.  I still resent that they made Jon ask to go, instead of Qhorin requesting him.
UGH, Luwin and Osha with your stage whispers.  Maybe it's because I'm such a fan of the books, but....it just feels so ham-fisted and heavy handed all the time.  Viewers aren't stupid, they know the boys aren't dead anyway.
All in all, though, this episode was much better than the last few.  Dany still needs to STFU and put on her interesting character.  Fire and blood, mother of dragons...I swear I could slap her.  She's one of my favourite book characters but she's such a little wimpy brat in the series.  Give it time, give it time.....
3038	DurararaFTW	2012-05-21	When did they say Joffrey is older then Robb?
3039	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I agree with you. This is my biggest nitpick so far. I see absolutely no reason why they needed to change her name or who she is at all. It doesn't make sense Robb would betray his word to the Frey's for a piece of ass from Volantis, it just doesn't! I mean, it was hard enough to take in the books. Everyone did a facepalm and shook their heads saying what a foolish mistake Robb had made... but now, this sex scene of frantic ripping of clothing off to do it on the floor with a girl he barely knows from Volantis? BLAH. My second biggest nitpick was the awkward scene between Jaqen and Arya. Since they dropped Weasel Soup, it felt a lot less significant how they played out the dialogue. I'm actually ok with production reasons for shortening Arya's complicated story at Harrenhal, but at least make the scene between she and Jaqen work like it did in the book and also she should have at least gotten one killing of a guard in there somewhere. My last nitpick is a doozy though... why the HELL are they leaving out Tyrion's chain??? It's such a huge huge part of the plot and having him standing around bickering with Bronn about cleaning his nails while he pores over old books was humorous but made him seem somewhat clueless and like a bumbling idiot to be honest. Tyrion's much much more clever than that, we all love him for it, and I don't like how they're playing that scene out, boring boring. They spent more time on his lines with Cersei and with Ros (which albeit were good) than they did or could have making a solid plot road towards the making of the chain that takes so long you wonder if it will ever get done in the books! Tell me they're not going to put it in and instead made the ships just all magically burst into flame from wildfire and somehow not escape out of blackwater? LAME.the chain is even more important than that.  the chain saved kings landing, thus tyrion saves kings landing.  they have  removed a huge part of tyrion's character going into next season, the unrecognized hero of the battle tossed aside, partially fueling his drunken stupor at the PW
3040	The hairy bear	2012-05-21	The show has a completely messed up perception of time being needed (Tywin specifically says Stannis is only days away from Kings LandingTV Westeros is much smaller than books Westeros, of that we can be sure. That's good to a certain extent, since it justifies the smaller armies. But having Tywin to depart from Harrenhal in westward direction, being intercepted by Tyrell ambassadors and strike a deal with them, and then ride to King's Landing in time... it's just too much. That would mean that one could travel from Dorne to the Wall in less than a week or so.When did they say Joffrey is older then Robb?They didn't say it. They only said that Joffrey is seventeen, and they are assuming that since Robb is sixteen in the books.But we know that all characters are being aged up. Specifically, the war is said to have taken place 17 years before the start of the series. Since Robb was conceived at the beginning of the war, that would make tv Robb 18-19 by now.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 21 May 2012 - 07:26 AM.
3041	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	This episode established that Joffrey is 17, right?  So maybe that person is thinking that means he's older than Robb, who is 16 in the books.  But obviously he's not 16 in the show, so it doesn't really matter.  Clearly, Robb is older than Joffrey, especially since when he was conceived, Robert and Cercei weren't even married yet.
3042	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	This episode established that Joffrey is 17, right? So maybe that person is thinking that means he's older than Robb, who is 16 in the books. But obviously he's not 16 in the show, so it doesn't really matter. Clearly, Robb is older than Joffrey, especially since when he was conceived, Robert and Cercei weren't even married yet.the problem being is that earlier in the show (IIRC), it has been established that robb was conceived on his wedding night with cat (he sleeps with her and goes off to roberts rebellion-returns with jon snow) and of course robert doesnt marry cersei until after he wins throne, making robb what 20 or 21?
3043	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	TV Westeros is much smaller than books Westeros, of that we can be sure. That's good to a certain extent, since it justifies the smaller armies. But having Tywin to depart from Harrenhal in westward direction, being intercepted by Tyrell ambassadors and strike a deal with them, and then ride to King's Landing in time... it's just too much. That would mean that one could travel from Dorne to the Wall in less than a week or so. They didn't say it. They only said that Joffrey is seventeen, and they are assuming that since Robb is sixteen in the books. But we know that all characters are being aged up. Specifically, the war is said to have taken place 17 years before the start of the series. Since Robb was conceived at the beginning of the war, that would make tv Robb 18-19 by now.if robb is 18 or 19, well he would be 20 or 21, makes his choices with Talisa much less acceptable as he should be a little bit wiser
3044	Evamitchelle	2012-05-21	Robb is around 17 at the beginning of the show, so he should be 18 now.
3045	Arkash	2012-05-21	joffrey is now older than robb???Show-Robb is nearly 20.
3046	ipsuel	2012-05-21	the chain is even more important than that.  the chain saved kings landing, thus tyrion saves kings landing.  they have  removed a huge part of tyrion's character going into next season, the unrecognized hero of the battle tossed aside, partially fueling his drunken stupor at the PWAmen... it's the epitome of what's happened to Tyrion his whole life... it is such an important part of character motivation that to remove it was just stupid on all fronts. One of GRRM's strengths is that his characters are human/we understand their motivation even when we don't agree... the chain missing is big error imo.
3047	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	and I dont believe that it would have taken much effort, put a line or two earlier in the season,
having tyrion reading old books on the eve of battle while the capt of the guard is cleaning  his fingernails smacks of incompetence
3048	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	Robb/Talisa really doesn't speak to me. I could kind of understand if he, say, found himself in a moment of weakness after learning about Bran and Rickon, and takes solace in the arms of this girl he (apparently) has some preexisting chemistry with... but eh. I was really tuning out during her backstory monologue, and we all saw that coming a mile off. It takes the gut punch out.
3049	ipsuel	2012-05-21	and I dont believe that it would have taken much effort, put a line or two earlier in the season, having tyrion reading old books on the eve of battle while the capt of the guard is cleaning his fingernails smacks of incompetence^^This.Love Bronn and Tyrion... but here again, one of the vital, defining characteristic of a character (Tyrion's brains) was destroyed. They could have *easily* shortened a few bs scenes throughout the season to add in a few lines here and there. Having him sit with a pile of books does not in any way indicate he's bright. And if Tyrion is one thing at this point--it's bright.
3050	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	I do hate to be a book purist, I honestly do, but this week had me seething with the deviations. Not because they were deviations, but because they simply did not make sense.
Taking away Bran and Rickon as the motivation behind Robb and Catelyn's actions makes them both far far weaker than they should be. It was farcical writing.
Why was Osha out in the open? Why would Luwin risk Bran and Rickon being caught? Someone highlighted Tyrion's brains being called into question, a point well made.
Why did Jon and Qhorin discuss their plans openly while walking along with the Wildlings? Why would any two people ever be that stupid?
3051	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	on the age thing, I believe it was also established that theon is a few years older than robb, but has spent 9 or 10 years with the starks, putting theon at 18 to 20
3052	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	I do hate to be a book purist, I honestly do, but this week had me seething with the deviations. Not because they were deviations, but because they simply did not make sense.Taking away Bran and Rickon as the motivation behind Robb and Catelyn's actions makes them both far far weaker than they should be. It was farcical writing.Why was Osha out in the open? Why would Luwin risk Bran and Rickon being caught? Someone highlighted Tyrion's brains being called into question, a point well made.Why did Jon and Qhorin discuss their plans openly while walking along with the Wildlings? Why would any two people ever be that stupid?I had the same questions. I fear the answer is just ham-fisted writing. Feels like the writers thought the reveal that Bran and Rickon were alive would be a big surprise, though I doubt many new viewers actually thought they were dead. I think this could have waited until episode 10, and it didn't have to be so heavy handed. THeon not only mentions it's the farm boys, but Osha for some unknown reason pops out of hte crypts in broad daylight, and Maester Luwin has to visit them under.Jon and Qhorin made little sense either. The wildings don't speak a foreign language; they should be able to hear Jon and Qhorin talking if they're halfway competent. And if Qhorin is such a great ranger, how did he lose Jon so easily for so long? He really doesn't come across well on the show, and I don't think anyone will care or be surprised when Jon has to kill him.I read Sepinwall's review, and I agree that it really feels like this show is juggling too many plotlines. Jon's been wandering around in the North with Ygritte for like three episodes already, adn basically nothing has happened other than him getting captured. Stannis has been totally absent for a couple episodes, and the writers just thrown in little asides like "his fleet is three days from King's Landing" just to remind people that he still exists.This season needed more than ten episodes; it's been totally rushed. It doesn't help that they're also moving up storylines from ASOS as well as adding their own lengthy new scenes.
3053	Conchobar	2012-05-21	This thread has way too much negativity. I will slowly back out...with one final statement... 
	Spoiler  I LIKE ALL THE CHANGES AND THEY ARE NECESSARY FOR A TV ADAPTATION. *runs out of room* 
 /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />There is too much negativity in this thread though, although I am starting to agree with many points being made.
3054	ipsuel	2012-05-21	/biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />There is too much negativity in this thread though, although I am starting to agree with many points being made.Giving an honest opinion isn't negativity... it's just an honest opinion. For those who like the changes--that's great. I've no issue with that (my son, for instance likes quite a few of the changes)... there are quite a few I like (and have stated so) but for this episode... I don't. I think some of the changes are poorly conceptualized, poorly written and unnecessary at best. But as I stated in another thread, I will still support the show cuz it's a good show by TV standards.
3055	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	wrt to the negativity, please let me say, I am still enjoying the series.  it is fine tv and entertaining.
I am expressing my initial reactions to what I see. 
I actually have to watch each episode twice, 1st as a purist and then as entertainment.  I am expressing initially my reactions to what I see, which tends to concentrate on the faults.  as time goes on I begin to appreciate the good things
For example, I think HBO and done an excellent job on the Theon and B&J storyline with all the budget and related constraints available.
3056	ipsuel	2012-05-21	wrt to the negativity, please let me say, I am still enjoying the series. it is fine tv and entertaining. I am expressing my initial reactions to what I see. I actually have to watch each episode twice, 1st as a purist and then as entertainment. I am expressing initially my reactions to what I see, which tends to concentrate on the faults. as time goes on I begin to appreciate the good things For example, I think HBO and done an excellent job on the Theon and B&J storyline with all the budget and related constraints available.This is funny cuz I do the same thing... watch it 2x. I get all my bitching done the first, then try to enjoy it the second. I've said all along that it's still a great TV show, and I would recommend it to anyone--but that doesn't mean I can't be disappointed at times. Creating scenes for no apparent reason is disappointing to me--simple. The example I'll give again is Talisa's drowned brother... Why did they need to create a vulnerable, emotional moment about a young boy dying when they already had that moment in the books with Bran's/Rickon's death? I don't care if her brother died, he's not a character I've grown to love (nor is she)... but... as a viewer I would care to see Robb hurting about HIS brothers dying. Just seems silly to me, Same with Osha/Maester L having a little chat in the crypts... ridiculous at best.
3057	Rigor Morty	2012-05-21	Just going to nitpick Karstark saying he would carve out his heart and offer it to the Father for revenge. Which I found weird, seeming he's a Northerner, who doesn't follow the Seven.
Edit: Spelling & Grammar
					
					
							Edited by Rigor Morty, 21 May 2012 - 08:14 AM.
3058	Morvran	2012-05-21	Regarding Robb and Talisa....if they followed the book, one episode Robb would just show up with a girl he married.  You think this stuff doesn't fly??  I'm not crazy about their scenes in general, but if you throw out expectations from the book I can see where the writers are going.  They want viewers, especially non-readers to be invested in Robb before the RW, and a love story is the best way to do that if you're not able to finance battle scenes.  I'll admit that as their scene opened last night I picked up my phone and started to play a game.  I didn't care about her story.  But then I forced myself to watch b/c this was actually a backstory from the book that we never really get (I mean the falling for each other, not the actual way it happened) and I actually ended up liking their scene.  (and she's gorgeous...that's ok to say right??).
My ONE nitpick was that they ended the episode on a complete non-cliffhanger.  WE ALREADY KNEW THEY WEREN'T DEAD!  They messed the whole Bran/Rickon thing up badly.  You either try to make the viewers believe they killed Bran and Rickon, only to reveal the next week that they didn't (which would work), or you make it painfully obvious that they didn't really kill them (like they did last episode with the pointless scene where Bran points out the orphan boys) and then end the next episode with a real cliffhanger.  
Otherwise I really like this episode.
3059	Independent George	2012-05-21	I don't mind the Arya changes; it changes her character development somewhat, but all it really does is push things back a little. It's still the same basic trajectory.
The Jon changes, though... It's just dumb. It makes both Qhorin and Jon into bumbling idiots. I kept holding out hope that there would be a better explanation, but... it makes no sense for Qhorin to leave Jon alone with Ygritte like that, or for them to be taken unawares while searching for the greenhorn they just left alone to execute the prisoner. None of it makes sense. I was willing hold off judgement until we knew for certain that this is what they were really doing.
I also agree about both Robb and Catelyn's actions not being driven by grief. I just don't understand why they would make that change for dramatic purposes; it weakens everyone, and they could have told the story just as easily the way it was originally written. I'm hard enough on Robb and Catelyn in the books; this makes their actions so much worse.
ETA: Here's what I don't get. I'm 100% on board with the changes to Dany's story, as it closes a gaping plot hole from the books which has always bothered me. So if the writers were wise enough to do that, why would they decide to open up a completely new set of plot holes and character lobotomies in Westeros? I'm not a purist - I like a great many of the changes they've made. But I don't understand this dumbing down of the characters.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 21 May 2012 - 08:27 AM.
3060	Le.Chevalier.D'Eon	2012-05-21	I consider this a very weak episode.  Too many scenes were used just for filler material.  This is a dialogue heavy show, I understand.  But there was too much talk and not enough action.   You would think this was soap opera, where everything is dialogue because it's cheap to film.
3061	Bearsblood8	2012-05-21	I think we've lost a possibly excellent scene in seeing Robb receive the news of his dead brothers.  This scene should have occurred while the audience still believed Theon had killed them.  It won't have the same impact watching Robb grieve while the audience has cofirmed they aren't dead.  Instead of being poignant, the audience will simply go, silly Robb, if you only knew!
3062	Evamitchelle	2012-05-21	Stannis and Selyse being married during the Rebellion bugged me. Especially since they mentioned that Cersei married Robert at 19, after the Rebellion. A second son being married before the first ? That's a bit weird I think.
3063	kungtotte	2012-05-21	So the Jon storyline looks to be getting us to the same place, but now Jon is an idiot, Qhorin is not a badass, and the sacrifice of the rangers is a casual aside. What was the point of the changes?Holy shit, yes.In the books it's a fair stretch that Jon is elected Lord Commander, and that's when he's done pretty much everything right and been the very model of a man of the Night's Watch.In the show, I would vote for Grenn over Jon. Hell, I'd vote for Craster over Jon.
3064	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	rowing a rowboat in plate mail?  seems a tad absurd
3065	boojam	2012-05-21	I thought Cat's reaction was a bit off. She owns up to her treason and repeats several times that she'll gladly be punished for it, but here she just kinda sits there. She didn't even mention that Karstark was about to kill him, which I thought was the whole point of changing the narrative. At least they could have had her stand up so she didn't have to look up to Robb and Karstark the whole time. It'll also make Robb look like a giant moron and a hypocrite : "[Jaime Lannister] has played you for a fool. You've weakened our position and brought discord into our camp". If that is so bad then what the hell are you doing walking around the countryside and having sex with Talisa Medicine Woman ?Yeah I had not noticed that. Not only the Karstark thing D&D could have borrowed from the book (I am not a purist)... the (fake) deaths of her youngest sons, and I though there was a letter from Tyrion about trading Jamie for the girls... ? LG had made that offer episodes ago, but did not seem to leave Tyrion's message.Its all simple logic, and brief dialog.I don't know D&D seems slipping this year... they wrote such tight teleplays last year.Now they had a problem with a bigger book this year , but even with their own rework of the material they don't even follow their own internal logic.Some dramatic drifting , Dany in particular, things here and there that seemed could have been fixed within their constraints.They seem overworked or distracted for some reason.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 21 May 2012 - 09:00 AM.
3066	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	they never explained why Cat asked for Brienne's sword last episode.  You know, like that was the cliffhanger.  Nothing about wringing oaths at the point of a sword.
3067	David Selig	2012-05-21	Holy shit, yes. In the books it's a fair stretch that Jon is elected Lord Commander, and that's when he's done pretty much everything right and been the very model of a man of the Night's Watch. In the show, I would vote for Grenn over Jon. Hell, I'd vote for Craster over Jon.  Hell, I dislike Jon in the books, and even I hate what the writers have done to him this season. He's a total joke. Why would anyone vote for him for LC? Sure, in the books it is somewhat contrived that it happened at his age, but at least he's a competent brother of the NW, highly rated by almost everyone who has had a chance to work with him. Here, he can't do anything right, and almost everyone treats him like a fool.
3068	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	if you watch some of the "inside the episode" videos on HBO.com, D&D believe Jon suffered from a lack of a male adult role model and thus sought a fatherly relationship with Lord Mormont.  1st Jon did not suffer from a fatherly role, Ned loved him.  It was a motherly relationship he didnt have, though I will grant there was something of a fatherly role played by Mormont, but it was more in the terms of a mentor/mentee relationship.  Nothing in the books showed the conflict with Craster, Mormont etal.  Jon was a quiet serious young man in the book, the show a loud mouth needing some place putting.  Again I believe a basic misunderstanding of the character by the producers.
3069	ServantOnIce	2012-05-21	Just going to nitpick Karstark saying he would carve out his heart and offer it to the Father for revenge. Which I found weird, seeming he's a Northerner, who doesn't follow the Seven. Edit: Spelling & GrammarSame exact thing I thought. They are the Karhold Starks and they are of the Old Gods of the North. Just like Bolton . .. my goodnes I caught that as I am sure all "bookies" did. It was a good complaint about Tyrion about all the gods of Martin's world other than the fertility goddess of the Summer Isles.
3070	ServantOnIce	2012-05-21	if you watch some of the "inside the episode" videos on HBO.com, D&D believe Jon suffered from a lack of a male adult role model and thus sought a fatherly relationship with Lord Mormont. 1st Jon did not suffer from a fatherly role, Ned loved him. It was a motherly relationship he didnt have, though I will grant there was something of a fatherly role played by Mormont, but it was more in the terms of a mentor/mentee relationship. Nothing in the books showed the conflict with Craster, Mormont etal. Jon was a quiet serious young man in the book, the show a loud mouth needing some place putting. Again I believe a basic misunderstanding of the character by the producers.That makes sense ... and that is the one thing I have to remember, that as many of us see the characters and their psyche differently so o our fellow fans D and D.I have to remember and we "nit pickers/bookies" have to remember that D and D are just like us.Because I see Danny as  MLK and Spartacus and some see her as Jenna Bush or Teddy Kennedy.
3071	Archangel84	2012-05-21	I'm not sure how important this is but in the TV episode when they find the dragonglass and horn, its under a rock and Sam makes a point about how it's probably been buried there for a long time.  In the books Jon Snow points to how soft the dirt is and something about the Nightwatch cloak in reference to how it was placed there recently.
					
					
							Edited by Archangel84, 21 May 2012 - 09:25 AM.
3072	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I'm not sure how important this is but in the TV episode when they find the dragonglass and horn, its under a rock and Sam makes a point about how it's probably been buried there for a long time. In the books Jon Snow points to how soft the dirt is and something about the Nightwatch cloak in reference to how it was placed there recently.though one of the other brothers points out how they were  meant to find it.  I think that scene generally worked.  Though I have a problem with the setting, beautiful it may be but I dont believe there was snow there until the attach of the others and there are no trees.
3073	boojam	2012-05-21	they never explained why Cat asked for Brienne's sword last episode.  You know, like that was the cliffhanger.  Nothing about wringing oaths at the point of a sword.I think that is in the book too, and the way the chapter ends.I don't think it's  explained in the book either, I think, since the next chapter picks us with Brienne and Jamie on the road.
3074	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	point with the snow is, are the planning to have the assasination plot against Mormont next season? If so kind of dumb for the plotters to plot killing mormont with all that snow around and wide open vistas. That will probably be revised though
3075	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-21	Just going to nitpick Karstark saying he would carve out his heart and offer it to the Father for revenge. Which I found weird, seeming he's a Northerner, who doesn't follow the Seven.You stole my one nitpick!  He could just as easily (and more appropriately) have said that he'd offer it to the Old Gods as a sacrifice.  D&D generally do a good job with the adaptation, but their sloppiness with the source material astounds me sometimes.
3076	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I think that is in the book too, and the way the chapter ends. I don't think it's explained in the book either, I think, since the next chapter picks us with Brienne and Jamie on the road.just read it this morning, in the 3rd book during the 1st part of the escape (while starting on the river, where they are now) Jamie reflects on making his oath at sword point.  I think they could haev referenced it tonight to at least address teh cliffhanger
3077	Evamitchelle	2012-05-21	I think that is in the book too, and the way the chapter ends. I don't think it's explained in the book either, I think, since the next chapter picks us with Brienne and Jamie on the road.Jaime mentions that he was drunkenly swearing oaths in his first chapter in ASoS.
3078	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	We're told in the books that Cat made Jaime swear to various things at swordpoint before releasing him.  I wish they would have included this; it could have been a short scene and it really becomes an issue later on, this whole thing where he swore not to take up arms against the Starks and Tullys and of course his promise to return Catelyn's daughters.  It is also one of the factors that demonstrates his evolution, since at first, he doesn't really take seriously the idea that he could be held to an oath sworn drunkenly at swordpoint, but eventually, he tries to fulfill these oaths.
3079	johnsomc	2012-05-21	Nitpicking the nitpicking...
1.  A television adaptation needs to choose the narrative threads it is going to emphasize carefully.
2.  No television adaptation can emphasize every narrative thread from the literary works it adapts.
3.  Moments that aren't absolutely necessary to the chosen threads are fair game for excision.
4.  Arya's weasal soup moment is a favorite of book readers.
5.  Adapting a literary work for television must target the widest possible audience.
6.  Arya has had many, MANY moments demonstrating her strength of character over the past several episodes.
7.  The weasal soup moment is nice, but unnecessary within that context.  There is absolutely no narrative justification that it NEEDS to be there except for book-fans' unwillingness to accept that it is unnecessary to developing Arya as a strong character.
8.  The only argument that could be made for it NEEDING to be there would be if a future plot point involving Arya turned on the weasal soup moment AND it was necessary to further development of the main narrative threads of the story as a whole.
9.  There is no such plot point; there is no such necessity to the overall narrative.
Conclusion:  The narrative excision of Arya's weasal soup moment is completely understandable given the time and contextual constraints of adapting hundreds of pages of novel to ten hours of television storytelling.  Not only is it understandable, it is completely justified given the incredibly difficult task the show-makers have to make the show accessible to a broad audience that also, by default, includes thousands of viewers who wouldn't know the weasal-soup moment if it walked up and whacked them over the head with a two-by-four.
Secondary Conclusion: nitpicking an adapted television show often involves an inability or unwillingess to understand, admit, or appreciate the creative constraints television writers are under.
					
					
							Edited by ZbA3j Xray, 21 May 2012 - 10:07 AM.
3080	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	for me the issue is from a television standpoint, the created a cliffhanger-all good, appropriate for the scene, series and adaptation.  Cat asks for the sword.  Next thing we know Jamie has escaped and cat allowed it.  How was the sword part of that?  It should have been explained.  The cliffhanger was left hanging.  That is poor tv writing in my book.  Very easily resolved with either Cat or B/J discussing the oaths taken at sword point.  Perhaps they will get to it later in the next couple of episodes.
3081	So1ar	2012-05-21	I did not like Catelyn just sitting there when Robb and Karstark showed up demanding answers. Her whole reason for releasing Jaime was so Karstark and his men wouldn't kill him, yet Karstark is standing right there and calling her a traitor and she does nothing? WTF.
3082	Night Gathers	2012-05-21	The best moment in the whole book was the Weasel soup scene! I've been looking forward to that scene from the beginning and they decide not to show it. I mean, not even anywhere close. It's not like they can't do it because it's a "TV adaption" that scene would fit perfectly, even if they ruined most of Arya's storyline so far. 
Episode 10 is named Valar Morghulis, at least we get the coin. But the weasel soup scene just... had to be in.
3083	unRobert	2012-05-21	Three pages of nitpicking and no one points out the following... Lord Karstark prayed to one of The Seven!!! He clearly says something about The Father when he should be talking about an old tree. .Oh, I was fuming at that one. hahaBut, seriously, I noticed a lot of religious themes in this episode and it is a disservice to viewers to be so inconsistent. The North has a unique culture from the south, and little lines like this (for no reason?) obfuscate the size of the continent and complexities of differing regional cultures. Who wrote this episode? D &amp; D? Do they not know the importance of the difference in Southron and Northern culture and religion?
					
					
							Edited by ZbA3j Xray, 21 May 2012 - 10:14 AM.
							
								removed quote of now-deleted material
3084	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-21	[mod] Keep it civil. Further, suggesting that anyone involved with the show deserves a beatdown or death will earn you a long timeout from posting on this site. Thank you. [/mod]
					
					
							Edited by ZbA3j Xray, 21 May 2012 - 10:14 AM.
3085	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	i am fearing that they will create some ham fisted way for JH to hook back up with Arya to accomplish the giving of the coin.
3086	teemo	2012-05-21	Okay, guys, if this thread offends you, it's very simple....don't read it!  I think the name of the thread explains it all.  It doesn't even mean we all hate the show (one of the first things I wrote is that I actually really liked this episode).  I didn't even know what I was going to write in this thread up until the Robb/Talisa thread.  While a lot of us love this show, I still think it's totally fair to nitpick things that we don't like.  Plus, this thread is a great way for people to vent their frustrations in a repercussion-free zone, and can help cause less arguing over in the main discussion thread.  
If you don't want to hear people complain about the show, then you should all means stay away from this thread.  There are plenty of other threads in this forum where you will see a lot less complaining...but this thread was made for it! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3087	kingkiller	2012-05-21	1- arnolf karstark said he would give his heart to the father to get his kids back. he's a northerner so i found it odd he would reference one of the 7.
2- davos said POTATOES!!!!
3- gendry called arya arry... i know thats what he met her under but he knows her real name now.
3088	Gran de Lys	2012-05-21	Complaints, not genuine nitpicks:
1) Who the f is Talisa and why does she talk so much? Is she going to be revealed as Jeyne Westerling or is she just a deadly dull nurse soaking up endless screen time boning Robb?
2) Weasel Soup should be the name of our band and therefore, I wanted it.
3) "Pigshit"? Tyrion's chainy brilliance becomes somehow using mud to defeat Stannis? Not really looking forward to "Blackwater" as much as others are.
Nitpicks:
1) A blacksmith friend points out that the anvil at Harrenhall was manufactured in the 1920s.
2) And I strongly suspect that's not genuine Valyrian steel. 
On the upside:
A man can be hot. A girl can want to run her fingers through his weird hair.
					
					
							Edited by Gran de Lys, 21 May 2012 - 11:37 AM.
3089	Mista C	2012-05-21	Now that I've watched this episode twice and had time to digest, here are my two cents:
Not really happy with how they are portraying the Imp preparing for defending King's Landing.  So it's the day before the siege and it's just him and Bronn trying to figure out how to defend the capitol of Westeros by reading through old books.  THE DAY BEFORE.  If I was a non-book reader, I would think that he is a clueless fool.  Wouldn't there be dozens of different people in on these "city defense" meetings?  Wouldn't every large city/castle have people that this is their only job?  To know how to defend their city?  To know what steps are to be put in place and when?  But it's just two men trying to figure it all out on their own.  TWO MEN... THE DAY BEFORE!
Also not really happy with the final outcome of Arya/Harrenhall.  I knew weeks ago that there would no be any weasel soup, which I was fine with, but NO coin yet and NO slitting the guard's throat?  How much harder would it have been to have Jaqen give her the coin at their last meeting and have her kill one guard on the way out?  Now she is going to have to meet-up with him on the road somewhere for him to give her the coin.  I don't think that it will have the same impact.  Also, not thrilled with her ending with Tywin.  I wasn't expecting him to give her a hug and tell her to keep in touch, but all those weeks of tense verbal sparring between the two was for nothing.  Regardless of whether or not he knew who she was, it didn't even matter.  When she ran out into the courtyard and saw him leaving, I thought maybe he would have given her a wink or a little nod, but nothing.
Thought that they should have kept Bran hidden in the cryptys until they emerge in episode 10, but oh well.  Thought that would have been a more impressive reveal, rather than ML seeing Osha sneaking around.
					
					
							Edited by Mista C, 21 May 2012 - 12:01 PM.
3090	Bearsblood8	2012-05-21	A man looks like a young brendan fraser...
3091	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-21	Uhm...isn't Theon the older brother?
3092	Bride of Winter	2012-05-21	They completely fucked up Robb's storyline. Like it's absolutely unforgivable at this point.They're making it look like Robb and Catelyn were screwed from the beginning because they're absolute idiots. Which couldn't be more wrong. The point is that Bran and Rickonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>deathsâ<U+0080><U+009D> made Robb and Cat do things on impulse they wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t normally do, and the tragedy of it is that Bran and Rickon didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t actually die.HBO's really failing in the subtlety department. 
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 21 May 2012 - 12:22 PM.
3093	notakneeler	2012-05-21	if you watch some of the "inside the episode" videos on HBO.com, D&D believe Jon suffered from a lack of a male adult role model and thus sought a fatherly relationship with Lord Mormont. 1st Jon did not suffer from a fatherly role, Ned loved him. It was a motherly relationship he didnt have, though I will grant there was something of a fatherly role played by Mormont, but it was more in the terms of a mentor/mentee relationship. Nothing in the books showed the conflict with Craster, Mormont etal. Jon was a quiet serious young man in the book, the show a loud mouth needing some place putting. Again I believe a basic misunderstanding of the character by the producers.THIS!I have been watching the show in the happy expectation of changes to serve visual story-telling that would keep things fresh and interesting  for both book readers and the unsullied. I was NOT expecting a rewrite of the characters that goes against the spirit of the book. IMHO this is not tomayto -tomahto but a real difference in many, many cases.Qhorin- why is this famous and awesomely skilled ranger suddenly a bumbling fool that can't track John and gets himself captured and the other NW men killed by his ineptitude? Why is their death not a result of self-sacrifice but a result of stupidity? How does it serve the medium of television?Robb- in the books he does what he does for honour, making his end a tragedy. Now he "deserves" a comeuppance.Catelyn- so the show changes her motivation from unhinged grief to fear of losing her one chance to use Jaimie to an unbridled act of revenge-OK> well why does she not say so to Robb, Karstark and the audience? Watching that scene made me think she had no reason whatsoever for her actions.Cersei- last week she acknowledges Joffrey is out of control, irredeemable and a punishment for her sins. This week she is unhinged by the possibility he might die in battle. Last week's Cersei would have welcomed that outcome.Tyrion- book Tyrion orders the chain made immediately. Show Tyrion is still reading books for an answer on the eve of battle. And sellsword Bronn can read while last week Tywin's bannerman can't read.How does stupid Tyrion serve a TV adapatation better than smart Tyrion?Tyrion declares his WUV to Shae who WUVS him right back. Will this make their ultimate end more poignant or more unbelievable?Stannis- intends to make Davos his Hand without our seeing how Davos is willing to give advice Stannis doesn't like but is willing to follow because it is good advice. Undercuts Stannis' good qualities and Davos'es decent wisdom.Arya- without all the traumatic hardships she endures in the books, how can one understand her willingness to train at the house of black and white without seeing her as a psycopath?John- how does making him a bumbling tongue-tied fool serve the story?Dany- I won't even go there- no nuance at all, just a one-note portrayal of an unpleasant character.I'm going to watch the Battle of the Blackwater, and then I'm done with the show
3094	rmanoj	2012-05-21	Uhm...isn't Theon the older brother?No. He's about three years younger.
3095	Kushluk of Skagos	2012-05-21	Major Nitpick: HBO is making me like Roose Bolton. He seems to be the only northman capable of playing the game at any level.
3096	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	They completely fucked up Robb's storyline. Like it's absolutely unforgivable at this point. They're making it look like Robb and Catelyn were screwed from the beginning because they're absolute idiots. Which couldn't be more wrong. The point is that Bran and Rickonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>deathsâ<U+0080><U+009D> made Robb and Cat do things on impulse they wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t normally do, and the tragedy of it is that Bran and Rickon didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t actually die. HBO's really failing in the subtlety department. I simply could not agree with this more.  The irony of it was so moving.  And it means that Theon shares some culpability for the Red Wedding, which was really tragic to me, because it was clear that he just got in over his head, and did not really intend the extent of the damage he did.  These aren't small changes, these are changes that cut away at the very heart and soul of the strongest and most important storyline in the entire series!
3097	Fat Mac	2012-05-21	Major Nitpick: HBO is making me like Roose Bolton. He seems to be the only northman capable of playing the game at any level.I believe thats what they're trying to portray. I mean every time Talisa comes on screen, Roose Bolton is with Robb, and you can tell by his facial expressions that he's getting sick of this chick. Foreshadowing his viciousness and oncoming betrayal. Roose Bolton has very little honor. The less honor you have, the better you can play the game /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3098	King Stannis	2012-05-21	I believe thats what they're trying to portray. I mean every time Talisa comes on screen, Roose Bolton is with Robb, and you can tell by his facial expressions that he's getting sick of this chick. Foreshadowing his viciousness and oncoming betrayal. Roose Bolton has very little honor. The less honor you have, the better you can play the game /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />The Northmen were clearly unable to play the game in the books as well, and they are showing Roose being tired of all this. Making Roose's betrayal more understandable to his character
3099	rmanoj	2012-05-21	How about this one: If the reason Cat released Jaime was to stop him being killed by the Karstarks, why didn't she just tell Brienne to take him but double back the next day when Robb would be back and it would be safe?
3100	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-21	I could've sworn Tyrion told someone in an earlier episode that Joffery was "only a 13 year old boy!" and then says that Joffery is 17 in this episode? I could be wrong though. Either way Joff does not look 17.
3101	Dracarya	2012-05-21	One episode I have so much to moan about. Haven't read the whole thread so at the risk of repeating points I'll keep it brief:
Talisa - fuck off. That is all.
Dany - you don't have any magic, GTFO. What the hell is HBO doing to her?!
Karstark - the fuck? You're a Northman, STFU about the Father. 
Arya - no Weasel soup? WHY NOT? NO reason for it not being in.
Sansa - oh, no, you weren't in it. Moving on..
Joffrey - 17, is he? Might be I'm getting the ages mixed up, but isn't that a little old? Sansa is like 14/15 in the show, right?
Jon - stupid pouty bastard, why are they changing everything? At least they've got Qhorin and the Lord o' Bones to spice things up a bit
Ghost - where are you?
Dragonglass/obsidian - what an absolutely ridiculous scene. It really is as if they'd forgotten about it so tried to slip it in. Stupid.
There's probably more but those are the ones that spring to mind.
Oh, and the word 'c*nt' was also used a ridiculous amount of times in this episode. Don't get me wrong, I like swearing as much as the next person, I just found it weird.
3102	Kushluk of Skagos	2012-05-21	I believe thats what they're trying to portray. I mean every time Talisa comes on screen, Roose Bolton is with Robb, and you can tell by his facial expressions that he's getting sick of this chick. Foreshadowing his viciousness and oncoming betrayal. Roose Bolton has very little honor. The less honor you have, the better you can play the game /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />It is really less of a "nitpick" and more of an "interesting and new point of view." Reading the books, one thinks of Roose as a butthole, but watching it on screen in HBO, one is forced to consider that he has to watch the daily follies of a king and his mother who are great in the battle field, but have absolutely zero political skill. This is all the more obvious with Jayne/Whatsherface who literally interrupts great lords talking about Winterfell, battle plans, etc, with her pointless nattering. It is also clear here, that he actively ignores RooseÂ´s advice, when in fact he should be hand. From this conception it is clear that: 1) Roose offered leal service and was declined, 2) Roose is a rational, careful player of the game and an observer 3) that he observes that the Stark boy is shitting this war down his leg and 4) that he plans to survive the end of this war.Looking at it this way, I kind of have to side with House Bolton (!!!!!) believe it or not... Which is a very, very strange feeling.
3103	Bride of Winter	2012-05-21	Can I also point out that what they're doing with Robb isn't an adaptation - it's a complete 180. In the book, he's torn apart because of honor. His honor as a Stark, Jeyne's honor, and honoring his pact with the Freys. yet here he's sleeping with Talisa because WAH I DON'T WANT TO MARRY THE FREY GIRL. Honestly, at this rate, Roose stabbing Robb through the heart will be the most honorable thing about this storyline.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 21 May 2012 - 01:46 PM.
3104	teemo	2012-05-21	One reason I am seriously frustrated is that the person I (force) to watch the show with me doesn't like it at all.  He thinks the romance is cheesy and cliche, and the Robb/Talisa dialogue just went overboard (he fell asleep during her story).  I just kept saying while he eyerolled, "this is NOT the books I love."  It makes me defensive of the books, because GRRM is not a cheesy romance writer, not even close, and that is one of the many reasons that I love him.  There is no way in a billion years that GRRM would write a storyline like the one between Talisa and Robb.  I'm not kidding when I think there are tons of people with no real television writing experience that could produce something better than that.  It is atrocious on every level.  Even my friend who loves T&A at every opportunity in the show was disgusted and disappointed by their scene, saying it was "too forced with no chemistry."  It's hard to believe that book Robb, a 15 year old boy, is more mature than TV Robb, a grown man.  Yes, Robb in the books makes totally foolish decisions, but when he came back to camp with Jeyne he was all business.  He had plenty of sex with his wife (and why wouldn't he?), but he was mostly focused on important things, like the damn war.  Jeyne was so worried about Robb's intense behavior (he was pacing, not talking to her, completely distracted, etc) that she went to talk to Cat about it.  TV Robb?  He doesn't give a fuck, honestly.  I hope the RW comes sooner than later so we can put an end to this disgusting "romantic tragedy."  Blah.  And I was so looking forward to this relationship too.  Thanks, D&D.
3105	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-05-21	One reason I am seriously frustrated is that the person I (force) to watch the show with me doesn't like it at all. He thinks the romance is cheesy and cliche, and the Robb/Talisa dialogue just went overboard (he fell asleep during her story). I just kept saying while he eyerolled, "this is NOT the books I love." It makes me defensive of the books, because GRRM is not a cheesy romance writer, not even close, and that is one of the many reasons that I love him. There is no way in a billion years that GRRM would write a storyline like the one between Talisa and Robb. I'm not kidding when I think there are tons of people with no real television writing experience that could produce something better than that. It is atrocious on every level. Even my friend who loves T&A at every opportunity in the show was disgusted and disappointed by their scene, saying it was "too forced with no chemistry." It's hard to believe that book Robb, a 15 year old boy, is more mature than TV Robb, a grown man. Yes, Robb in the books makes totally foolish decisions, but when he came back to camp with Jeyne he was all business. He had plenty of sex with his wife (and why wouldn't he?), but he was mostly focused on important things, like the damn war. Jeyne was so worried about Robb's intense behavior (he was pacing, not talking to her, completely distracted, etc) that she went to talk to Cat about it. TV Robb? He doesn't give a fuck, honestly. I hope the RW comes sooner than later so we can put an end to this disgusting "romantic tragedy." Blah. And I was so looking forward to this relationship too. Thanks, D&D.I'm not trying to be rude or mean, but why do you watch the show? And why do you force this other person to watch the show, because they seem to make the experience even worst for you?
3106	teemo	2012-05-21	I'm not trying to be rude or mean, but why do you watch the show? And why do you force this other person to watch the show, because they seem to make the experience even worst for you?Well, I won't get into details of why I "force" them to watch the show (basically - they do it voluntarily because they know how much I like it, but I still feel like I'm forcing them at times).  I watch the show because for the most part because I love it.  This past episode really blew my mind, I thought it was awesome how they were able to correct a lot of previous errors and bring a lot of things together nicely.  There was definitely some good writing, and a lot of dialogue pulled from the books, which I also appreciate.  I also love Theon's arc, Jaime and Brienne, Sansa, Tyrion, Arya, pretty much everyone except for Robb's storyline.  Just because I am really frustrated by that part of the show, does that mean I should stop watching it?  Apparently, you think so, and the comment is a little rude.  I guess every time I'm frustrated with any aspect of a show I should just stop watching it completely.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 21 May 2012 - 02:07 PM.
3107	Frumpus	2012-05-21	Guys, Karstark's mention of The Father does not mean that he worships the Seven. He was suggesting just how far he'd go to get his sons back, even if it meant praying to a religion he does not worship.
3108	DurararaFTW	2012-05-21	Karstark made his reference to the Father for Catelyn's benefit I think. It's a pretty odd piece of dialogue though.But yeah, cutting corners to get to the same place is one thing, what we got here another.So far Jon has been an rebellious trainee, a terrible Steward and an even worse Ranger. By the end of Season 4 he needs to be Lord-Commander of the Night's Watch. He has a hell of a lot of catching up to do too Book Jon.Arya I get, it was pretty contrived how she kept going for the lowest of low echelon soldiers with her death sentences and afterwards was lamenting that she should just gone "Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin, Go!"Here we see why she feels she can't just kill Tywin, he's keeping her and the other captives alive because of he sees the use in them as a working force, Jaqen also doesn't show the full depth of his talents until this episode and the Tickler and Amory Lorch are way more high profile targets then the cook and the other guy she offed. So that's all cool.But Arya is now walking out of Harrenhal having had no hand in its capture for the North and her hands are waaay clearner then in the books. There's still time, the last episode will be called Valar Morgulis so 'kay. She better kill some lions tho.Robb's a lost cause i guess. Every episode we see Tywin at his dinner table lamenting Robb's battle prowess, every episode we see Robb at his camp trying to get with Jeyne. He's not totally disinterested in the war and I get that this format allows for Robb to actually fall in love with Jeyne instead of meeting her, fucking and marrying her all in 24 hours, that would've come off on tv even worse. But Madden is way too old for us to see this a kids mistake. And he's suppose to lose the war with the loss of the Kingslayer and the marriage to Jeyne. We might be stuck with this mess for another 12 episodes before RW by some peoples estimates. Robb shouldn't be getting months to recover from this mistake before his death.Catelyn is just not as smart as she is in the books. In the books Catelyn is second only to Tyrion in giving us the inside scope on the political rammifications of this and that. Here, she's a mother talking to her son, she's not used as the exposition window Tyrion and Small Council is, but she still makes all her mistakes.And why the hell don't people know Bran and Rickon are dead yet? What is gained from this, seriously? I really have no clue.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 21 May 2012 - 02:28 PM.
3109	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-21	The weasel soup is fundamentally silly. All I remember about it was that they poured it on some people and then slaughter happened. The basic idea behind the scene, "Girl is greedy", is what they needed to get down. Obviously they didn't that either, but people must get what is at the heart of a scene rather than just what was presented the first time around. The Jeyne changes are to make us give a shit. You can argue if it's executed well, but the original story was lame. Robb finds girl after she heals him, Robb falls in love. I seriously had no reason to care for Jeyne in the books, no real position on her place in society, and no reason to care about Robb's decision as it related to himself but rather how it related to the rest of the North. If you just did that (and off screen, no less) it would be the most boring story in the entire TV show.I think that GRRM put the Robb/Jeyne love story offscreen because to him, Robb was not one of the most important characters in ASoIaF, and Jeyne Westerling, though influential through Robb's interaction with her, was not particularly important either.  Personally, I think Robb's sowing the seeds of his own doom and that of his mother and many retainers and bannermen as well, for an attractive but not outstanding young thing just because he was an honorable man, is ironic and interesting.  The relationship could have been explored much in the book; not as a pulse-pounding great love affair, i.e. the Young Wolf, the King in the North, falling for a fascinating, strong-willed charismatic girl, but as something more human and believable - the King in the North revealed as a troubled boy, turning to this pleasant young girl who he likes but does not love, for comfort when he is injured and (if I remember right) saddened by his brothers' death, and then having to decide how to best uphold Stark honor - to keep his betrothal to the unknown Frey girl, or cleave to the young girl who he has just dishonored.  I would have found such a storyline in the TV series far more believable than the much too modern romance of Robb and Talisa-the-feisty-nurse.I didn't miss the weasel soup episode either.  I did miss Arya killing the guard (or was he a groom, I can't remember); it was another milestone in her transformation from Ned Stark's honorable child to a callous killer.
3110	Dracarya	2012-05-21	Guys, Karstark's mention of The Father does not mean that he worships the Seven. He was suggesting just how far he'd go to get his sons back, even if it meant praying to a religion he does not worship.Okay I can see that, but why bother? It just seems like another change that the producers just don't care about. I know it can see silly, us fussing over little details, but if I were GRRM, I'd be majorly pissed off at all these deviations from something he's been working so hard on for year. I'm mostly pissed off because the changes are pointless and ridiculous.I'm not trying to be rude or mean, but why do you watch the show? And why do you force this other person to watch the show, because they seem to make the experience even worst for you?This is 'nitpick without repercussion'. See the rest of the forum for jumping down people's throats about their opinions. Except Rhymes, it's all fun and games there /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3111	Natmus	2012-05-21	Okay, after having a re-watch of the episode I have a few remarks suitable for this thread:In the corresponding thread last week I suggested the wildings conveniently capture Qhorin as well so that Jon can be ordered to defect to the wildings. I was being sarcastic! Lame solution storywise.Also, some weeks ago it was pointed out that a top-notch group of rangers are trying to move around unseen in snow-clad waste wearing black! Maybe the rangers were surprised they were seen first, but I doubt anyone else is.The leisurely stroll Robb and Nurse-girl was having, was that before or after the Crag had surrendered? And the common soldier now greets Nurse-girl as Milady just after addressing his king?Speaking of Nurse-girl, some badly written dialouge (rather monolouge!) makes her a good deal older than she ought to be: Her drowning story were set when Nurse-girl was 12 year old during the hottest day of a "three year summer". Fine, but current summer is a record ten year long summer, meaning she was 12 year old during the previous summer. Making her at least, if not more than, mid-twenties. Unless the winters are different over on Essos?Tywin Freaking Lannister, what has he been doing this season so far? Yes, I know, playing Daddy Warbucks for Little Orphan Arya at Harrenhal. But he has been sitting at Harrenhal without doing much about Robb having an armed camp in the Westerlands. Tywin has not been doing much about Robb, and seemingly it hasn't crossed his mind to head down to King's Landing to help defending it. So now he moves? With Stannis just a few days away? And starting with a night march to trick enemy scouts? Honestly, the writers are really dumbing him down, are they not?Everything that has been said about Arya, the lacking defenses at KL,Karstak and the Father, Osha sneaking around Winterfell in open daylight, the pointless scene with Dany and most other nitpicks I agree with. I am willing to give the writers some leeway changing things, but they have to fit it into a coherent storyline, and they fail bigtime there.I am getting tired of remarks about "The Game". Last week Theon calimed it's all a game, this week Tyrion and Varys talked about it like it's the important thing that everything else is beneath. If they want to make the show about 'The Game' they need more than a few measly remarks and put some real storytelling into it.Finally, I think we should get some moderators to enforce the purpose of this thread to keep the apologist posts to a minimum.
3112	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-21	Dany/Jorah - lame/cheesy.....sick of hearing her talk about being a "mother." But she is a mother. Moreso in the books, but she's still very much the mother of her dragons in the show.
3113	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-05-21	So no Sansa yet again. Given that she should actually have a lot of scenes in ASOS I really don't understand moving her escape story with Dontos to Season 3. They have so dropped the ball on that thread of the story. Why bother introducing Dontos in episode one if you're not going to highlight that relationship? This season has been a mess in comparison to season one. So many unecessary changes.
3114	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-21	They have so dropped the ball on that thread of the story. Why bother introducing Dontos in episode one if you're not going to highlight that relationship? This season has been a mess in comparison to season one. So many unecessary changes.I'm praying that Sansa is given her due in the Blackwater episode - not just the Sandor scene, but the scene where she shows her courage in keeping up the ladies' morale after Cersei bolts.  But I probably will be lucky just to see three minutes of Sandor holding a knife to Sansa's throat and maybe her singing; due to more scenes of Talisa telling anecdotes of her childhood to Robb while they have more sex.  (though I didn't mind the sex scene, it was nice to have some unadulterated and mutually desired lust rather than rape, exploitation, torture, etc.  It's just the Talisa character I can't stand.)If the writers are smart, they'll have Sansa get the letter and come to the Godswood and meet Dontos in the 10th episode, giving her hope that she will be able to escape King's Landing...I just wish there had been more development of the Sandor/Sansa relationship in the series.  I don't think of it as necessarily the romance of the ages, but it's a powerful and compelling relationship, one that's far more interesting than Robb and Talisa.  (but then, to me, watching paint dry would be more interesting than watching Robb & Talisa scenes, so I'm biased.)
3115	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	The thing is that one of the most poignant aspects of Robb's story was precisely the incredible cost of a decision made so purely out of honor, rather than real knowledge of Jeyne or even necessarily true affection for her.  It was so Ned.  He married her because he had compromised her own honor, and in doing so, damaged his with the most far-reaching of consequences.  This is exactly what I love most about the storyline and it is killing me to see them change it.EXACTLY. This story is so heart and gut-wrenching....I hate what they've done with it. The shock of his marriage was brilliant to read- kills you but at the same time you get it- the impossibility of his situation, his loneliness, his age and lack of experience...the pathos!!! All ruined.
3116	madman2711	2012-05-21	I have a pretty idiotic nitpick
The wildling about to gut Jon was using a pretty modern day stainless steel blade with a futuristic shape 
I mean tv show wildlings have pretty neat blades and some awsome modern day - winter/ snow cammouflage pattern uniforms
I mean WTF this arent wildlings they are SpecOps dudes, the Delta Force of Mance Ryder
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 21 May 2012 - 03:17 PM.
3117	FantA´me	2012-05-21	Agree with everything about Robb and the annoying Volantene (So is she a fake Jeyne Westerling or have they really completely change the storyline? What was the point of this unbearable conversation if it's all lies?)
Arya escaping Harrenhal...so very impressive...But worse than that they are not showing Arya's evolution at all.I was worried about it since she became Tywin's dotted cupbearer but I am even more now.
Still had hoped for the chain but no...
Catelyn. But I guess that was a nitpick about last week's episode.
3118	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Also I was really looking forward to that chase scene from the books where the rangers stay behind one by one to stall Rattleshirt, but it's not going to be there. Very disappointing.THIS. And that great cowboy scene the night before Qhorin dies. They'll have a similar conversation but it won't be the same having them chained up like a couple of losers.
3119	Bride of Winter	2012-05-21	One reason I am seriously frustrated is that the person I (force) to watch the show with me doesn't like it at all. He thinks the romance is cheesy and cliche, and the Robb/Talisa dialogue just went overboard (he fell asleep during her story). I just kept saying while he eyerolled, "this is NOT the books I love." It makes me defensive of the books, because GRRM is not a cheesy romance writer, not even close, and that is one of the many reasons that I love him. There is no way in a billion years that GRRM would write a storyline like the one between Talisa and Robb. I'm not kidding when I think there are tons of people with no real television writing experience that could produce something better than that. It is atrocious on every level. Even my friend who loves T&amp;A at every opportunity in the show was disgusted and disappointed by their scene, saying it was "too forced with no chemistry." It's hard to believe that book Robb, a 15 year old boy, is more mature than TV Robb, a grown man. Yes, Robb in the books makes totally foolish decisions, but when he came back to camp with Jeyne he was all business. He had plenty of sex with his wife (and why wouldn't he?), but he was mostly focused on important things, like the damn war. Jeyne was so worried about Robb's intense behavior (he was pacing, not talking to her, completely distracted, etc) that she went to talk to Cat about it. TV Robb? He doesn't give a fuck, honestly. I hope the RW comes sooner than later so we can put an end to this disgusting "romantic tragedy." Blah. And I was so looking forward to this relationship too. Thanks, D&amp;D.Exactly. asides from the personal element of it being devastating how badly they're fucking up such an amazing series, it sucks to have to constantly defend ASOIAF/GoT week after week to show-viewers. If I had a dollar every time I told my friends "It's different in the books!" I would probably have enough money to adapt the series myself.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 21 May 2012 - 03:32 PM.
3120	Davos55	2012-05-21	Pretty good episode..but definitely some nitpicks for it.
Robb and What's her face is just so cheesy and ridiculous. I face palmed listening to the dialogue between them, and they just dragged it out this episode so long, when everyone in the entire world knew that clearly they were going to have sex.  Seeing Chaplin's great body didn't make up for the excess of time spent with them this episode, and this romance is just very weak.
Honestly I can't wait for Roose to kill Robb next season. Bolton has been great in every scene he has been in this year in my eyes, and I love how he is there whenever Talisa comes around.  You know he is just thinking..man..this kid is dumb.
Jon's new storyline is just not good. I went into too much of a rant last time about it, so I don't feel like getting into it again, but honestly, these changes were not beneficial and Jon Snow has never looked more idiotic.  All of my nonbook fans think he is a big moron.
Where is Ghost or any direwolf?
Why have that redundant scene with Dany? Her dialogue this season has just been very poorly written. She is either all about fire and blood, or all about being a mother. That's it. I am hoping she gets her proper moment to shine in episode 10 though with the House of the Undying!
I surprisingly can't complain about Ros this episode. Her scene was relevant and was very effective.
I am sad to see no Weasel Soup, but honestly I came into this season thinking they would cut it for some reason, and this was just further convinced each and every episode. It had no chance of showing up..which is too bad!! I am curious to see how Jaqen will meet up with Arya for episode 10 now.
I loved the return of Stannis and Davos, but why did they have Stannis casually ask Davos to be his hand in that situation? This takes out some great dialogue from ASOS, but I suppose they maybe could retool it and put it in somehow.
Final random positive note: Hot Pie is back!
3121	The Wood of the Morning	2012-05-21	I'm not so unhappy about the lack of weasel soup, what I am quite concerned about is her lack of guard killing. It's an awesome scene when she slits his throat without remorse and the wolf howls in the background and really started molding her into the killing machine she soon becomes, The season isn't over yet so there is still hope but idk, I feel she's being portrayed as too innocent.
Also not exactly new to this episode but the wildlings look totally wrong to me, I pictured boiled leather, iron studs, and fur; not a bunch of guys wearing white camo GAP parkas /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  Though I did enjoy seeing the Lord o' Bones
And of course the Robb/Talisa scenes are cringe worthy. I don't care if she isn't Jeyne, she could be Walder from Asshai for all I care, but god damn that was almost unwatchable, I almost feel sympathy for Roose /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
And why no chain? I really don't understand some of the changes being made this season.
3122	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Also, the writers like the word "cunt" a bit too much. Yeah yeah you're so edgy, lawl.HA!! I counted about four or five references on a rewatch...could have been more...has to be somebody's job to catch that, right???
3123	birdsong66	2012-05-21	Guys, Karstark's mention of The Father does not mean that he worships the Seven. He was suggesting just how far he'd go to get his sons back, even if it meant praying to a religion he does not worship.And how is that different or more honorable than exactly how far Catelyn did go?  Can we assume that this praying to a foreign god is after he beheads Jaime?Just asking....
3124	The Wood of the Morning	2012-05-21	Final random positive note: Hot Pie is back!\Hear Hear!
3125	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	the problem as I see it is HBO didnt have the courage to really give into the SOIAF.  By that I mean getting away from Dany and Robb this season.  Let these seeming leads, drift into the background and feature the other stories.  Given time Aryas story could have had alot more meat on it, San/San, etc.  but instead they saw these two as their stars and had to have stories on them.  It would have taken courage for HBO to go against the typical TV grain and reduce their stories in favor of THE STORY.
People do remember across seasons etc. and enough people have read the books
But I suppose that would ahve been too much to ask for.
3126	teemo	2012-05-21	But she is a mother. Moreso in the books, but she's still very much the mother of her dragons in the show.I didn't mind hearing it so much in her head (it was kind of sad/touching in a way), but her screaming about it all of the time is really unappealing.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 21 May 2012 - 03:56 PM.
3127	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	yes arya is a badass, she grabbed Hot Pies ear.
OOOOOH  scary tough.
Have to admit Hot Pies fall from being a tough guy kicking to death some guy in the balls to a guy lamenting the cherries in the pie is pretty funny
3128	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	I still resent that they made Jon ask to go, instead of Qhorin requesting him.100% yes.
3129	Rapsie	2012-05-21	The more I think about it, the more I am begining to hope they move the Red Wedding up to the first or second episode of season 3. I think I might be sick if I have to watch another Robb / Talisa scene.
Edit: actually Talisa is probably the worst addition to the story I have seen so far. 
Seriously we get her made up back story, but not Sandor's despite having seen the audition which is good acting as opposed to chemistry-less Robb and Talisa.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 21 May 2012 - 04:31 PM.
3130	Lexicdark	2012-05-21	While I like that igrette stood up for Jon, I hate that you basically only get this implied sense that Halfhand told Jon to switch sides.  In the books it is very clear, and it gets drilled into Jon to do whatever it takes to get the Wildings to accept him.  Hopefully this will get fleshed out more in the next episode.
LOVE the Tyrion/Bronn scene, they are just too funny.  But the Tyrion/Varys scenes always leaving me feeling confused.  I understand what they are saying to each other, because I have more background and context.  The husband doesn't quite get their purpose either, and he is not a book reader. 
And really Robb?  Sex with the strange doctor girl in your command tent, with people walking by, possibly in..... really?  Totally knew where that scene was going, but this can't be the inciting incident for the Red Wedding.  And if he finds some way to sneak off and marry her, I will have to jump on the hurry up and kill Robb bandwagon.  I mean, marrying Jeyne Westerling was one thing, she was a noble woman from an established house.  Marrying a woman who wanders about healing people at battles, who has no established family in Westeros, no noble ties is just WAY too far outside Robb's character for me.  And maybe yes, we will all find out she is some Lannister high born spy working in the trenches to get info.  But Robb doesn't know that.  And he grew up in a home where honor and duty was everything, and couldn't just through them away for a commoner!
3131	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-21	Talisa does have a nice butt though /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
3132	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	Amen... it's the epitome of what's happened to Tyrion his whole life... it is such an important part of character motivation that to remove it was just stupid on all fronts. One of GRRM's strengths is that his characters are human/we understand their motivation even when we don't agree... the chain missing is big error imo.Yes, yes, yes, yes. A lot of Tyrion's depth has been lost, from brains to balls. The ONLY sign of his superior intellect has been the Pycelle trap. There have been NO sex scenes with Shae, which are purposefully all over the books....unfortunate b/c I think the contrast of how he'd be with Shae, whom he loves, vs. his interlude with Ros last season would've been good for character development.  As it is they've whitewashed him quite a bit- no participation in Tysha's rape, no sex this season, no threats to Tommen after the Alayaya/Ros beating, no Cersei poisoning (why show him getting the drug from Pycelle in the first place???), over the top Prince Charming setup of the forthcoming Sansa marriage....very little substance, conflict, darkness, or depth, all of which make him such a fantastic character.
					
					
							Edited by Rickon is FIERCE, 21 May 2012 - 04:20 PM.
3133	David Selig	2012-05-21	Speaking of Nurse-girl, some badly written dialouge (rather monolouge!) makes her a good deal older than she ought to be: Her drowning story were set when Nurse-girl was 12 year old during the hottest day of a "three year summer". Fine, but current summer is a record ten year long summer, meaning she was 12 year old during the previous summer. Making her at least, if not more than, mid-twenties. What's the problem with this? I am pretty sure her age has never been specified, so why can't she be in her mid 20s? That's exactly how old the actress looks to me anyway.
3134	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	I simply could not agree with this more.  The irony of it was so moving.  And it means that Theon shares some culpability for the Red Wedding, which was really tragic to me, because it was clear that he just got in over his head, and did not really intend the extent of the damage he did.  These aren't small changes, these are changes that cut away at the very heart and soul of the strongest and most important storyline in the entire series!YESSSSSSSS
3135	Rapsie	2012-05-21	@ Jolene Brown
These subtle changes have made all most all the Starks go honourable and a bit naivee to gobsmakingly stupid and whiny.  The Jon / Ygritte and Robb/ Talisa scenes get more painful as the show goes on and Cat's character seems to have been removed and replaced by someone else.
3136	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	I still have high hopes for the chain.  I think it's meant to be a surprise to the viewer as it will be for Davos...that they're going for a big shock moment.
3137	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-21	what about the connection between Sansa and Sandor. This Robb/Talisa story is so so annoying  that It huts me to watch it.
3138	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-21	What grates me is how... underwhelming the whole Talisa angle is. If I recall from the books, Robb is injured after taking a castle, grief-stricken by his best friend killing his baby brothers, and only then caves in to his "urges" with the nice, kind girl treating his wounds and giving a shoulder to lean on.That's a cool plot hook. It's a mix of tragic and intriguing, and breeds a suitably epic "oh fuck" kind of reaction. How badass would that be, if  translated properly onto TV? Why seed some silly clichA© love story to begin with, when we could instead focus on the Young Wolf rubbing shoulders with motherfuckers like Roose Bolton and Karstark? It would've made his arc (he barely gets screentime as it is) much more interesting, remove the weakest plot point of S2, and translate one of the most shocking moments from the books onto TV to... pretty much the same effect.Yeah, I'm really not a fan of Talisa. She's not a bad actress, and she's certainly beautiful, but her role (hot battlefield medic who talks shit to the king; it turns out she's a highborn lady; tells a sob story and gets off with Richard Madden) is piss poor. Precisely the sort of thing GRRM wanted to avoid.
3139	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-21	What is Robb excuse now? the story of a slave in volantis performing cpr on an unknown kid  was so touching that i forsake my vows dear mum, dear kingdom? really?
3140	Queen Regent	2012-05-21	No coin from Jaquen and no chains from Tyrion... I think those are TWO big things that they are really skipping out on.  I know the last episode can bring in the coin from Jaquen, but what the frig happened with the chain?  That was soooo HUGE in the books.  I don't even want to watch next week, because it all seems ludicrious by now!
3141	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-21	I 100% aggree with you, on this ,Jaimie Lannister
3142	FantA´me	2012-05-21	I still have high hopes for the chain. I think it's meant to be a surprise to the viewer as it will be for Davos...that they're going for a big shock moment.I feel like an idiot but it was a surprise in the books too for me, but at least it wasn't out of the blue.I really hope they don't make Davos responsible for falling in the chain+wildfire trap though.
3143	nubreed000	2012-05-21	The fact Cat released Jaime before finding out Bran and Rickon have been "killed" by Theon is beyond stupid. Was it that necessary to change? Some of the changes in this show really piss me off.
3144	DonalNoye	2012-05-21	Is there a reason Osha is sneaking out of the crypts to gather food in broad daylight?
3145	Tydranar	2012-05-21	I usually dont nit pick and take an episode for someone elses interpretation... however....
- Talisa's story was the first time I have checked the timing to see how far of the episode was left / tried to skip ahead...
- It seemed to me during the sex scene that Rob may have... arrived a little early, only causing me to laugh at the whole scene
- Rattleshirt is no where near as cool as I had imagined, in writing 'lord of bones' creates quite a powerful figure in ones mind... on screen, hes just another bearded irishman with cheap looking armour
- Yay jamie... having a hard time believing screen Jamie is starting the path of redemption, however happy he's getting some air time
3146	Nine of Spades	2012-05-21	The changes to Jon Snow are just far above and beyond what I can stomach. They producers/writers/directors have no clue who the character is.
3147	Le Cygne	2012-05-21	My biggest nitpick is Ayra's scenes.  Some of this was conveyed, but not enough, and I think they could have done better.Looking at weasel soup in the book, and stopping before Jaqen glamors into a different face and gives her the coin, since that's where they stopped in this episode, but picking up where she escapes, since they included that:The last death has to count, Arya told herself every night when she whispered her names. But now she wondered if that was truly the reason she had hesitated. So long as she could kill with a whisper, Arya need not be afraid of anyone . . . but once she used up the last death, she would only be a mouse again.We see Arya is still whispering the names at night.  Jaqen's presence has given her courage.  She doesn't want to feel powerless again.There, beneath rotting wood and twisted splintered branches, she found her hidden sword...Whenever she had a free hour she stole away to work at the drills Syrio had taught her, moving barefoot over the fallen leaves, slashing at branches and whacking down leaves.Arya still loves sword fighting, and she remembers the lessons Syrio taught her.  This continues her season 1 character development.She clasped her hands together. Help me, you old gods , she prayed silently. Help me get those men out of the dungeon so we can kill Ser Amory, and bring me home to Winterfell. Make me a water dancer and a wolf and not afraid again, ever.Arya still remembers her father, her family, and her home.  We see this may always be a big part of her identity (remember that later, she can't part with Needle because of all it represents to her).  This shows how much it meant to her when Jon Snow gave her Needle in season 1."How did you know I was here?""A man sees. A man hears. A man knows."Jaqen is teaching her lessons, like Syrio.  She is still learning."It's Jaqen H'ghar."Even in the burning barn, with walls of flame towering all around and him in chains, he had not seemed so distraught as he did now.Why was he so distraught?  Why not just glamor and say Jaqen is dead?  Maybe he can't, because this is the real him.  He seemed to be comfortable to the point of enjoying his appearance ("handsome", taking time to wash and scent his "red and white and shiny" hair, "girls giggling to each other in admiration", long baths)."A girl will weep. A girl will lose her only friend.""You're not my friend. A friend would help me." She stepped away from him, balanced on the balls of her feet in case he threw his knife. "I'd never kill a friend."Jaqen's smile came and went. "A girl might . . . name another name then, if a friend did help?""A girl might," she said. "If a friend did help."The word "friend" is mentioned six times during a brief exchange.  Unless GRRM throws words around for no reason, this friendship matters to them.Jaqen smiled disarmingly. "A prisoner must eat too."Jaqen is showing Arya how it's done."A girl will stay out of the way," he told her..."A girl should be bloody too. This is her work."He's also showing her the consequences."The debt is paid," Arya agreed reluctantly. She felt a little sad. Now she was just a mouse again.Will she stay a mouse?Alone, she slid through the shadow of the Tower of Ghosts. She walked fast, to keep ahead of her fear, and it felt as though Syrio Forel walked beside her, and Yoren, and Jaqen H'ghar, and Jon Snow...His throat, it must be his throat, but he's too tall, I'll never reach it. For a moment she did not know what to say. For a moment she was a little girl again, and scared, and the rain on her face felt like tears."He told me to give all his guards a silver piece, for their good service." The words seemed to come out of nowhere.She's calling on what she has learned from the men who "walked beside her" above.  What she did with the guard is the sort of approach she saw Jaqen use."Valar morghulis," she whispered as he died.She's not a mouse anymore.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 21 May 2012 - 08:41 PM.
3148	Silverx2	2012-05-21	now a mention of medieval cpr preformed by a slave,I believe that the ironborn "breath of life" is cpr.
3149	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	No coin from Jaquen and no chains from Tyrion... I think those are TWO big things that they are really skipping out on. I know the last episode can bring in the coin from Jaquen, but what the frig happened with the chain? That was soooo HUGE in the books. I don't even want to watch next week, because it all seems ludicrious by now!i figure they are replacing the chain with pig shit
3150	Liathano	2012-05-21	I agree with the OP wholeheartedly. 
I'm particularly disappointed at how whiney Dany is coming across. My non-book reader friends can't stand her and have dubbed her "whinerys". Which is just so apt in this show ffs. I never disliked her THIS MUCH in the books. Doesn't help the actress is just so bad at acting. 
I'm feeling glass half empty today so excuse my negative bias.
3151	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I feel like an idiot but it was a surprise in the books too for me, but at least it wasn't out of the blue. I really hope they don't make Davos responsible for falling in the chain+wildfire trap though.It makes one wonder why Stannis would make Davos his hand after the assault on KL fails when he leads the attack and suggested Mel stay away.
3152	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	I agree with the OP wholeheartedly. I'm particularly disappointed at how whiney Dany is coming across. My non-book reader friends can't stand her and have dubbed her "whinerys". Which is just so apt in this show ffs. I never disliked her THIS MUCH in the books. Doesn't help the actress is just so bad at acting. I'm feeling glass half empty today so excuse my negative bias.the glass is ALWAYS full, half with water half with air
3153	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	BTW I had to giggle with Dany looking through the fence.  Exactly what was she looking for? Her dragons?  hmmm wonder if they are on the other side of this clapboard fence?
3154	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-21	Bronn can read?
And makes up a fancy sounding pronunciation for a long and complicated name, and Tyrion buys it?
3155	Le.Chevalier.D'Eon	2012-05-21	For me, the best part about this episode is that Sansa was not in it.  God!, I'm glad we got a break from Sansa.  Since they're making changes from the books, I wish they would just kill off Sansa Stark.  She's not as bad as she is in the books.  Especially since she didn't rat out her father like she did in the books.  But, I still find her extremely annoying.
3156	teemo	2012-05-21	The changes to Jon Snow are just far above and beyond what I can stomach. They producers/writers/directors have no clue who the character is.He just seems like some lost guy running around in the snow.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 21 May 2012 - 08:11 PM.
3157	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	and Ygritte just looks COLD
3158	Wyman_Manderly	2012-05-21	1) Roose never meets Jaime so that is out of the question... the Lannisters can send regards, but not Jaime personally. And that is sad mainly because this particular statement will make life a lot harder for Jaime when he meets UnCat.
2) Beheading Karstark was a bad decision in Rob's part, it was bound to cause uneasiness amongst the other bannermen specially since he pardoned his mother, not to mention that Rob lost the Karstark army at that point, made his already disarrayed army weaker. Omitting this particular incident takes out one of the biggest possible reasons why he lost support of some of his bannermen (i.e Karstarks).  Roose and Frey were obviously gonna notice it.  In the show, he takes the side of Karstark and gets mad at his mother. That kind of kills it..
3) I don't think Rob marrying Jeyne was just "happenstance" and her being a Lannister is purely coincidental. Jeyne might have been innocent, but her mother was not.. and like you mentioned, the book clearly spells it out. And if Jeyne was anything like Sansa, it would not have been too difficult to manipulate her (given the fact that her mother still makes her drink moon tea in the pretense of fertility potion). This was a dirty political trap, and Rob eagerly fell for it mainly because he was young. From Tyrion's experiences with his father, we know that Tywin had a particular expertise of exploiting romantic relationships (Tysha/Shae). Taking this out defeats that premise too, and we don't see Tywin's genius in plotting evil.. We only see him being scared of the "young wolf who is not scared and has not lost a battle".. Sad.. 
4) Catelyn may not have let Jaime go had Bran and Rickon been safe and "alive". In the show they don't even know that Theon has "killed" them. WTF
5) Rob lost Winterfell, lost Karstark support, lost Jaime Lannister, lost the other Lannister cousins, married a "non-frey" Lannister.... His cause was doomed at this point.. Roose saw that and realized that if he stayed with Rob, he would lose his head.. Instead if he swapped sides, he would become the warden of the north.
Mad as the Frey were, they were never known for taking the side of the losing team. Walder Frey would have swallowed his pride and clenched his teeth and accepted Rob's arrangements had he been in a better position, or if he had an heir that his remaining bannermen could rally around. He dared to do what he did was because he had other support.
The way I see it, had Rob been in a stronger position, neither would have dared to go against him. It took a combined effort from him, Catelyn and Theon to bring his demise. So I don't think just marrying "ANY" women would have resulted in the same conclusion.. Imagine him having Winterfell, Jaime and the Lannisters, marrying whatever girl he wanted to and then if he wanted to, he could have even beheaded Frey instead of Karstark and Roose probably would not have done a thing. Lannisters would still be the weaker side at this point with Stannis breathing down on their neck. 
So taking all these other elements out kind of weakens the premise of the following very significant event.
3159	seikai	2012-05-21	For me, the best part about this episode is that Sansa was not in it.  God!, I'm glad we got a break from Sansa.Can't tell if serious /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ...(You do realize that Sansa's screentime in this entire season must be all of 20 minutes, right?)
					
					
							Edited by seikai, 21 May 2012 - 08:32 PM.
3160	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-21	Can't tell if serious /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ... (You do realize that Sansa's screentime in this entire season must be all of 20 minutes, right?)Yeah, I'm pretty sure Bronn and Littlefigner have had far more screentime this season than Sansa. Which is too bad, as I think the Sansa scenes this season have been some of the stronger ones. I guess they're saving Dontos for next season, though I'm baffled as to why they included him in the season opener. Most people aren't going to remember him a whole season later.
3161	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	tis a shame as well cause the actress playing her is doing a great job IMNSHO
3162	seikai	2012-05-21	Yeah, I'm pretty sure Bronn and Littlefigner have had far more screentime this season than Sansa. Which is too bad, as I think the Sansa scenes this season have been some of the stronger ones. I guess they're saving Dontos for next season, though I'm baffled as to why they included him in the season opener. Most people aren't going to remember him a whole season later.Agreed. They also had an opportunity to remind people who he was during the scene where Joffrey had Sansa beaten. They could've had Dontos trying to help her by throwing tomatoes or something at her (because I know that throwing watermelons at someone would probably be very painful). But instead, it's like they introduce him and then he's swept under the rug. What's that all about?Oh no... it just occurred to me... what if they decided to have Shae fill in Dontos' role? They seem to like giving Shae important scenes. It's all fitting together now - Tyrion the Saint doesn't kill Shae! Shae is actually a spy of Little Finger! Little Finger kills Shae when she hands over Sansa for her money reward.
3163	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-21	My biggest nitpick is Ayra's scenes.  Some of this was conveyed, but not enough, and I think they could have done better.Looking at weasel soup in the book, and stopping before Jaqen glamors into a different face and gives her the coin, since that's where they stopped in this episode, but picking up where she escapes, since they included that:We see Arya is still whispering the names at night.  Jaqen's presence has given her courage.  She doesn't want to feel powerless again.Arya still loves sword fighting, and she remembers the lessons Syrio taught her.  This continues her season 1 character development.Arya still remembers her father, her family, and her home.  We see this may always be a big part of her identity (remember that later, she can't part with Needle because of all it represents to her).  This shows how much it meant to her when Jon Snow gave her Needle in season 1.Jaqen is teaching her lessons, like Syrio.  She is still learning.Why was he so distraught?  Why not just glamor and say Jaqen is dead?  Maybe he can't, because this is the real him.  He seemed to be comfortable to the point of enjoying his appearance ("handsome", taking time to wash and scent his "red and white and shiny" hair, "girls giggling to each other in admiration", long baths).The word "friend" is mentioned six times during a brief exchange.  Unless GRRM throws words around for no reason, this friendship matters to them.Jaqen is showing Arya how it's done.He's also showing her the consequences.Will she stay a mouse?She's calling on what she has learned from the men who "walked beside her" above.  What she did with the guard is the sort of approach she saw Jaqen use.She's not a mouse anymore.Man, Arya's scenes in the book was so good, I get goosebumps again just reading this.  To think none of this made the show. Instead we get 3 redundant scenes of Tywin noticing how clever Arya is, and never went anywhere.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 21 May 2012 - 08:49 PM.
3164	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	one thing the season has gotten right is Briennes cloyingly earnestness. well done
3165	Warden of the North121	2012-05-21	Osha sneaking around Winterfell in broad daylight was pretty stupid imo (the the most heinous inconsistency). Also, "Jaime Lannister" you nailed why the Robb/Jeyne relationship is so poignant in the books (even if it's not witnessed firsthand). Watching those scenes on TV would have been powerful. Arya really didn't go through much hardship after Tywin came to Harrenhal, kind of makes her character less unique (still love Maisie Williams though). Maybe they'll make up for this with the graphic Brotherhood chapters she has in SoS.
3166	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	They got Tywin out of Harrenhall in time for King's Landing - the hell he's going to attack Robb.  They will get Roose Bolton there by the time Jaime shows up without his hand, I think.  That much faith I have in them.  If only because that set is badass and they are going to keep on making the most of it.  And I demand my hot tub scene!
3167	Warden of the North121	2012-05-21	They got Tywin out of Harrenhall in time for King's Landing - the hell he's going to attack Robb. They will get Roose Bolton there by the time Jaime shows up without his hand, I think. That much faith I have in them. If only because that set is badass and they are going to keep on making the most of it. And I demand my hot tub scene!Didn't he initially set out to attack Robb but is intercepted by the Tyrell army and they book it to King's Landing? Obviously it isn't seen firsthand but I think it was mentioned. Granted, Tywin leaves Harrenhal much earlier in the book so this would seem very rushed in the show.
3168	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	He gets held up by Edmure around Riverrun, which is why everyone is so bitchtastic to poor old Edmure in A Storm of Swords - Edmure was not supposed to attack him so directly or something?  He was supposed to just let Tywin get through so he would be stuck out west?  Instead, Edmure delayed him enough for him to get word that the Tyrells were willing to ally with the Lannisters and to book it to King's Landing on the barges or boats or whatever Mace Tyrell had waiting.  Mace seemed a lot more like a badass before we ever met him. 
I just love the part where they guilt poor Edmure into agreeing to marry a Frey to make up for Robb and he talks about how he had some other "penance" in mind - fighting the Kingslayer one on one, swimming the Sunset sea with his legs tied, seven years of penance as a begging brother.  Like hey, dudes, maybe if you had actually TOLD HIM about your brilliant plan he would have had the info he needed to do what you wanted.
3169	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-05-21	I thought the episode was pretty good TV, but unfortunately for this particular show, it has a dual role. It has to be good TV and be a good adaptation to the books. Emphasis on the word good. While I enjoy the show greatly and will no doubt continue watching (if were talking about this on a Westeros forum then were pretty serious fans, and love anything to do with ASoIaF, so I don't know why people make snide comments saying, "if you hate it then stop watching it") I do find myself (like everyone else) frustrated at the changes that all in all, seem to have absolutely no purpose. (changing Jeyne into Talisa)And to answer the question if she is really Talisa or if she is lying still. I saw Ran comment on another forum stating that she IS Talisa. and that she was coming BACK from the Crag in this episode. So according to him, she is Talisa, for real. Which in my opinion totally blows, didn't see the need to change her character.I think the ultimate problem with this season is that after watching last season, we were all convinced that they have the ability to adapt ASoIaF into a TV show well, and keep it very faithful to the book. I think they would have had an even harder time last season because they had to start from scratch, and not just introduce a few new characters and locations like this season, but establish a whole universe within 10 episodes. And to all of our surprise, they did it! and it was awesome.Just think about last season and how many changes were made, barely any at all. But I can't even keep tab on all the changes that have been made this season. I remember them talking about how Drogo killing Mago (i think?) last season would cause a butterfly effect. And that was one tiny little change. What the hell are they going to do now? What kind of effect will all these changes cause? I may be jumping the gun early, and if so, apologies.And one last thing I thought of, look how much they fiddled with Qarth in order to made it more "exciting" (cause apparently it was a snooze-fest to a bunch of people, which I don't agree with at all) and how much they tweaked the culture to make it "easy to follow" (didn't find it that hard to follow personally, but I can see it). so my question is: what the hell are they going to do when Dany gets to Meereen? I can only imagine...
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 21 May 2012 - 10:16 PM.
3170	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-05-21	Final random positive note: Hot Pie is back!ha I thought the same thing! Gotta love Hot Pie man! the actor they picked to play him just freaking nails it!
3171	hiddenaway	2012-05-21	Coming in Episode 10 - title "Valar Morgulis"
3172	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-21	BTW I had to giggle with Dany looking through the fence. Exactly what was she looking for? Her dragons? hmmm wonder if they are on the other side of this clapboard fence?HAHAHA LMFAO!!!!
3173	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-21	I haven't nitpicked really at all this season.  I've been waiting to see how the changes pan out and was prepared to wait until the end of this season - if not the next one - to comment on a few things  - ie Arya/Tywin, Jeynelisa/Robb, Cat/Jaimie in particular...
But I CAN NOT BELIEVE that D&amp;D omitted the news about Rob/Cat receiving news about Bran &amp; Rickon.  It really would have helped the audience understand that it was the 'straw that broke Lady Stark's back' in terms of releasing Jamie (and also when Robb &amp; Talisa of Volantis got it on).
EVEN if it was just Cat (when making excuses to Robb) telling him a raven had arrived with the news while he was away courting...  The cheesy Volantis drowning story is....well..just cheesy.  
I could have understood a Robb (possibly with injuries from a skirmish en route from the Crag) being tended by Florence Nightingale, doubting his ability as a King.  Winterfell has fallen, his closest friend has betrayed him and murdered his little brothers, his army and lords losing faith, his greatest enemy has escaped, aided by Robb's treasonous mother *sob*....and our gorgeous and stark-struck Nurse initiates life-saving TLC and immediate physical therapy to prove his manhood...
If I was GRRM, this would be one of the things where I would have said 'For once I have to insist, the news MUST arrive before either of these things can occur. Only a minor few changes required and it could help the episode have a focus on dead Bran &amp; Rickon before the final reveal'.
I hope that's the last nitpick I have and will be interesting to see George's script next episode and if these characters will be seen.  I'd be interested in hearing a few lines of his for Jeynisa.. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
3174	valyrian_steel	2012-05-22	Ages
On the show during the first season, Cersei and Robert have a heart to heart and Cersei mentions they have been married for 17 years.  Cersei also mentioned twice that she lost (or aborted) her first child.  This means Joffrey is likely 16 or younger.  Robb was born during the war, Jon near the end of the war and Dany right after the war making them in the 17 to 18 range.  Also, Joffrey has a regent (first Ned for 10 seconds then his mother) . It's hard to believe a 17 yo would need a regent yet Jaimie was knighted at 16 (previous episode)
3175	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	Ugh, Jaime knighted at 16.  Didn't jaime JOIN the bloody Kingsguard at 15?  For fuck's sake.
3176	madman2711	2012-05-22	- Shae reads a book waiting for Tyrion
- Bronn can read 
- Wildings have winter cammo gear and fancy stainless steel futuristic knives
- nobody can see Osha lurking during daytime inside Winterfell - she has an invisibility cloack/ spell 
- Ros after the beating/ torture has a mild mornig headache /hangover face like it was a BDSM party gone wrong
- Tulisa CPR slave was like WTF probably she can do a triple bypass on Karstark after his heartattack having heard of his son death and the Kingslayers escape
- Robb going down with the ER chick - fuck the frey bridge and my army i need to get laid tonight with this Volantis (yet not Blonde/silver haired) medicine wooman that had a brother with a near death experience 
ill add up more soon
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 22 May 2012 - 08:54 AM.
3177	David Selig	2012-05-22	Also, Joffrey has a regent (first Ned for 10 seconds then his mother) . It's hard to believe a 17 yo would need a regent yet Jaimie was knighted at 16 (previous episode) Why not? Being a knight means way less responsibility than being a King. It's this way in the books, anyway. The age of majority in the books is 16, yet people can be knighted at an younger age (Jaime for example).
3178	Evamitchelle	2012-05-22	Castlery Rock has a sewage system that goes to the sea an the Mighty Tywin who puts Tyrion in charge - he might hate Tyrion for the childbirth death of his wife but he is a Lannister not a commonerThat comes straight from the books. Tyrion mentions it in ADwD.
3179	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	1. The Robb/Talisa plot is wrong on so many levels I am not going to bother going into details.2. We were robbed of the weasel soup!3. Eddard told Robb that a man can only be brave when afraid? Wrong, he said it to Brandon. And if he did not say it in the 1st episode of the 1st season, we do not need to hear those lines at all.4. Shae can read? That is one educated prostitute. Same for Bronn (only he is a sellsword, not a prostitute, that is).I miss Sansa and Dontos. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />What happened to the plot with Tyrion poisoning Cersei? Tyrion opening asked Pycelle for what I thought was a diuretic, and then the plot was dropped. no Cersei poisoning (why show him getting the drug from Pycelle in the first place???)/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3180	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	-  - Tulisa CPR slave was like WTF probably she can do a triple bypass on Karstark after his heartattack having heard of his son death and the Kingslayers escape -I think it is supposed to represent something similar to the the iron borns rebirthing thing.  Though if i am not mistaken drowning victims need mouth to mouth not heart compressions, though I could be mistaken there.  I could do without the modern day references like this and dislexia
3181	Le.Chevalier.D'Eon	2012-05-22	Can't tell if serious /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> ... (You do realize that Sansa's screentime in this entire season must be all of 20 minutes, right?)Oh, I am serious.  See, there are characters that are evil in the books.  And yet they are interesting and a good read.  Like Roose Bolton, for example.  Sansa is not evil, but she is a terrible read to me.  She's the most boring POV in the books.  Her story has never been compelling, in my opinion.  And television has not improved it any.
3182	Le.Chevalier.D'Eon	2012-05-22	I agree with Wyman Manderly's post #182.  
Roose saw a lost cause in Robb and that could have possibly made him more open to Tywin's plan.  However, it is also possible that Roose had been looking for an opportunity from the start and just saw a little bit of an openingt and took it.
3183	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Oh, I am serious. See, there are characters that are evil in the books. And yet they are interesting and a good read. Like Roose Bolton, for example. Sansa is not evil, but she is a terrible read to me. She's the most boring POV in the books. Her story has never been compelling, in my opinion. And television has not improved it any.for me Sansa's POV are quite interesting.  for one you get alot of discussion on plot, scheming, results of campaigns, news etc.  Plus her POV is so true to life in that she really is just a young teenage girl.  I loved how they had her gushing over Ser Loras on the way to the QoT's luncheon.
3184	Evamitchelle	2012-05-22	Oh, I am serious. See, there are characters that are evil in the books. And yet they are interesting and a good read. Like Roose Bolton, for example. Sansa is not evil, but she is a terrible read to me. She's the most boring POV in the books. Her story has never been compelling, in my opinion. And television has not improved it any.I'd rather have more of Sansa's story (as a POV character) than be subjected to LF's little teleporting adventures around Westeros anymore. He spends half his scenes as a pimp or grinning evilly. That's not compelling television to me. Especially since he spends a fair amount of time with Westeros #1 prostitute Ros. At least he's been gone a while.
3185	madman2711	2012-05-22	[sarcasm/ ]
LF missed the last 2 episodes since he was getting tatooed in Qarth and plotting with the XXD and PP to kill the Spice King and the other 10 of the 13 so he could open a franchize of his brothels in Qarth as a wave of opening Qarth to the world [/sarcasm]
3186	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	- Shae reads a book waiting for TyrionBloody hell....I said the same thing!!!  WTF?nobody can see Osha lurking during daytime inside Winterfell - she has an invisibility cloack/ spellAgain, what kind of stupidity is this??  Would never happen.Robb going down with the ER chick - fuck the frey bridge and my army i need to get laid tonight with this Volantis (yet not Blonde/silver haired) medicine wooman that had a brother with a near death experienceLove the point about her coloring... /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
3187	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	We've only begun this topic, but I find it a good one...Sansa and Sandor.Overall I also found Sansa dull and insipid in the books, but the series had me feeling differently.  I think it was SerMixalot who gave Sophie Turner props for her portrayal, which I thought started out meh last season but has really broken forth well this season.  She gives the character depth and even a bit of- dare I say it- intelligence and fortitude....which I don't think even GRRM managed to pull off with her.That being said, the Hound....ugh.  Too gentle.  Too quiet.  Too noble.  Too sober.  Their scenes together are vital to set up their parting in KL, which will now fall flat and the non-reading audience will be like WTF??  Where'd that come from?  That whole "killing is the sweetest thing there is" scene blew on so many levels.  Yes, it's from the book, which is more than I can say for other scenes, but aside from that it really irked me that she called him "Ser" and he didn't correct her- we all know how prickly he is about that.  Secondly, the tenderness!!!  Like when he rescued her-  "You're all right now, little bird..."- WTF??  And no drinking???  Those scenes she encounters him drunk are so important to understand his character and get a clue as to how he feels about her.  They're trying to get the same effect by making him more obviously tender towards her and it bloody fucking doesn't work, b/c it's completely contrary to his character.  Same thing with that ridiculous "you'll be glad of the things I do..blah blah" which we're supposed to see as jealousy, I guess.And this is really nitpicking, but his voice is a big disappointment, too.  That "killing is the sweetest thing there is" line sounded....melifluous.  Shakespearean.  WHERE IS THE RASP???I'm done.
3188	Acetabularia	2012-05-22	2. We were robbed of the weasel soup! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Arya staying the same through out the season bothers me. Call me a purist, but I think the devil is in the details and Arya slipping into those different roles are a nice touch and foreshadowing for her time in Bravos.Robb: What? I can understand him marrying Jeyne Westerling... A Volantene? No way. He's his father's son for crying out loud!Jon: Must have taken some brain damage from when Craster gave him a beating. This is the future LC of the NW? Seven save us!Dany: Y U SO HELPLESS?Come to think of it, the development of most of the characters has taken a dive into helplessness.
3189	Faraday	2012-05-22	3. Eddard told Robb that a man can only be brave when afraid? Wrong, he said it to Brandon. And if he did not say it in the 1st episode of the 1st season, we do not need to hear those lines at all.I actually really liked this part - the scene still resonated with me. It seems like something he'd have said to Robb too.- Osha stealing food in the middle of the day with Theon just right there. Contrived way to have Luwin figure it out. Just...bad.- I didn't mind Tyrion's scene with Shae...it just felt a bit out of nowhere. Like his feelings seem to come out of nowhere, we haven't seen them spend that much time together so eh. It's needed for future plot developments but it felt a little out of the blue.- I was expecting VOLANTIS HOTTIE to be Jeyne with the Crag mentions...but she's not? Or she's lying. I don't mind her not being Jeye but the romance is a bit cheesy.- Dany scene didn't need to be in there. Not at all. Also Jorah telling her to leave the dragons? Ehhh. Wat.
					
					
							Edited by ZIDANE HEADBUTT, 22 May 2012 - 10:29 AM.
3190	SelaBela	2012-05-22	A couple of things:I am just as displeased as most posters with Robb/Talisa-Jeyne.  It makes a lot of sense that the writers were involved with Troy.. and that just crushes most hope I have for future episodes.The timing on everything just feels wrong.  Its like they forgot to have Tyrion plan for the defense of Kings Landing in earlier episodes, and will rush it in this and the next.  (Also it seems like they're going to make Tyrion take more of the credit for wildfire; his "pigshit" comment was a "eureka" moment that Cersei already had.)Again with the timing, news of Bran and Rickon's "deaths" should have reached Robb and Cat sooner.  It would make more sense for their stupid decision making.  My non-book-reading family asked me "Why did she do that? Why did she free him?" and are under the impression she's just kinda dumb.  It was rushed and not well explained, and Karstark really put her in her place.I don't know how people are going to be devastated come the RW, because Robb just seems like a brat.Why is Bronn suddenly the "smart" one? They're downplaying Tyrion's intelligence.Arya is so much less badass.No Sansa??Does it seem like they picked a really bad locale for the north of the wall shots? My non-book-reading friends and family were very confused as to why Brown-toothed-Sam, Dolorous and Grenn were digging seemingly in the middle of no where.  Once they get some movement into the Frostfangs, I could understand the barren, snowy terrain.  They need some trees or something now though.  I mean, c'mon.I don't care for Dany's khalasar becoming basically non-existent.Seriously, wtf happened to Sam's teeth?
3191	SelaBela	2012-05-22	Also, I know it wasn't in this episode, but if they had flayed the faces and put them in tar as per book, and left the Stark Direwolf on their clothes (instead of burned beyond recognition) I think it would have been just as vile without my having to explain to non-book readers who the kids are supposed to be.  They just didn't get it.
3192	protar	2012-05-22	This episode was about average and it felt like not much happened. This might have been to get the "calm before the storm" effect, but if so it was done poorly. We needed Weasel Soup and contrary to what I've been saying all season I think the HOTU was needed in this episode as well. That would've given it some oomph, but it really felt like a filler episode. Specific nitpicks:I don't like Robb and Cat not knowing about Bran and Rickon's "deaths". It completely changes their motivations and makes them look even more idiotic than they were in the books.Speaking of Robb, I hate Talisa. And now it looks like she isn't even Jeyne at all. She goes to the Crag without any reveal and that story about her brother sounded pretty sincere. Why couldn't they just have taken the story that was in the books? BLEEEEAAAAARGH!No weasel soup! Arya's only murdered one person in the series so far!First they botch Bran and Rickon's fake deaths, now they botch the reveal. Couldn't that wait until episode 10? It would've been great. I think they might be moving the Sack of Winterfell to S3.Useless Dany scene! Bah!While I liked Tyrion and Cersei in it, the Ros scene didn't work overall. For most of the season I agreed with them cutting the Alayaya plot but now I think they should've left it in so that scene made sense.
3193	bikie	2012-05-22	just think the show has been dumbed down beyond recognition...
the motivations of cat and robb are weak and uninspired without them hearing about bran and rickon
osha stealing food in the middle of the day is just lazy writing and utter lack of creativity
jon is now the 4th stooge
arya lack of violence and role changing stilts her character and makes her much less interesting... the actress playing her has made HBO arya who she is with no help from the creative staff...
dany's scenes could basically just be shot in one take and replayed for each episode she is to appear in...
robb and talisa is boring, cliche and filler for a character (robb) who I thought they started to develop in an impressive way...
I'm sticking with the show but am very disappointed with the direction it has taken this season
3194	teemo	2012-05-22	It sucks how Sansa, a POV character, is getting hardly any time whatsoever.  Even if you don't like Sansa, it's totally possible to appreciate her POVs, considering she was one of our only "inside sources" at KL that wasn't a Lannister.  Her POVs were always extremely insightful.  And I love Sansa, regardless of all the hate she gets on here.
3195	Rapsie	2012-05-22	Also the conversations between Sandor and Sansa were essential character building for both characters and their motivations in later books. Given the Tywin / Arya scenes, we will hopefully get the Sandor character building next season. Sansa might be a bit more difficult as she made a point of not interacting with Tyrion.
3196	teemo	2012-05-22	They could have easily fit in some San/San last episode.  Completely take out Robb and Talisa's scene (okay, like 75% of it) and Dany's scene and there would have been plenty of time to build up more a relationship between the two.  Or at least Sansa.  Or something with Sansa!
3197	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	I actually really liked this part - the scene still resonated with me. It seems like something he'd have said to Robb too.Yes, he might, but I hated it. I missed the line in the conversation between Brandon and Eddard at the execution of Gared Will, but I can live with it. If they did not put the line there for Brandon to hear it, surely the Volantene could have lived without it too.Apparently I am alone in this, though. :shrug:
3198	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	They could have easily fit in some San/San last episode. Completely take out Robb and Talisa's scene (okay, like 75% of it) and Dany's scene and there would have been plenty of time to build up more a relationship between the two. Or at least Sansa. Or something with Sansa!Agreed. Too little Sansa and Sandor and Dontos in this series. I am not really a fan of Sandor and Sansa having a love relationship somewhere in the future, but I do very much care about her and think her development, also through Sandor, is far more important than they have made it look. A brilliant story lost to How Robb Met a Random Volantene Nurse the cliche.I would have liked both your and Rapsie's post, but unfortunately I am out of likes.
3199	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	No Weasel Soup, or Nan Soup even? One of Arya's best moments in the book that has gone for some reason.That â<U+0080><U+009C>for some reasonâ<U+0080><U+009D> is neither mysterious nor capricious.  Rather, it is both obvious and inescapable.  In the show, there are no northern prisoners, liegemen to her father, for Arya to free so they can take over Harranhall. Fortunately, the SR have thought all these things  through infinitely better than the sniping M&W crowd, and so have necessarily come to the right decision instead of a major TR, proving once again that...  Those who can, do.Those who cannot do, teach.Those who cannot teach, become critics.
3200	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	LF missed the last 2 episodes since he was getting tatooed in QarthAye no, that was Euron Greyjoyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s body-double.  Well, arse-double, but you know what  I mean.
3201	Ser Piggy Of The Baby Back Rib	2012-05-22	The lord of bones looked ridiculous.  He looked like Casey Jones from TMNT with that mask.
Yet another episode with no wolves.
3202	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	This episode was about average and it felt like not much happened. This might have been to get the "calm before the storm" effect, but if so it was done poorly. We needed Weasel SoupNonsense! â<U+0080><U+0099>Tis a matter of simple mathematics that even a seven-year-old could grok without training wheels: â<U+0080><U+009C>No Weaselâ<U+0080><U+009D> + â<U+0080><U+009C>No northern prisoners to take over Harrenhallâ<U+0080><U+009D> = â<U+0080><U+009C>No Weasel Soup!â<U+0080><U+009D>Et voilA :  Simplicity itself.  Bravo to the SR for their piercing perspicacity, and a pox on those of lesser insight.
3203	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-22	Gared [/s]WillYeah, that one still irks me.
3204	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	and Ygritte just looks COLDQuelle surprise! At forty below zero, everybody looks cold!
3205	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	Quelle surprise! At forty below zero, everybody looks cold!Haha, true! /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />I rather liked her cold face, it was like another "You know nothing, Jon Snow", only without words.
3206	protar	2012-05-22	Nonsense! â<U+0080><U+0099>Tis a matter of simple mathematics that even a seven-year-old could grok without training wheels:  â<U+0080><U+009C>No Weaselâ<U+0080><U+009D> + â<U+0080><U+009C>No northern prisoners to take over Harrenhallâ<U+0080><U+009D> = â<U+0080><U+009C>No Weasel Soup!â<U+0080><U+009D> Et voilA : Simplicity itself. Bravo to the SR for their piercing perspicacity, and a pox on those of lesser insight.Which begs the question of why we didn't get Tywin mentioning the prisoners. I guess he was too busy doting on Arya to concern himself over such matters.
3207	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	Which begs the question of why we didn't get Tywin mentioning the prisoners. I guess he was too busy doting on Arya to concern himself over such matters.Looks like youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re overdue for another smallpox booster.
3208	protar	2012-05-22	Looks like youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re overdue for another smallpox booster.So I guess you've run out of ideas on how to defend the show, so now you're just resorting to petty insults yes?
3209	FantA´me	2012-05-22	Sorry it's off topic but:Looks like youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re overdue for another smallpox booster.I'm curious: What is it exactly you don't understand in "Nitpick without repercussion". Obviously you don't like people complaining about deviations from the books.So why are you reading a thread intended mainly for such complaints to begin with?
3210	seikai	2012-05-22	Sorry it's off topic but: I'm curious: What is it exactly you don't understand in "Nitpick without repercussion". Obviously you don't like people complaining about deviations from the books.So why are you reading a thread intended mainly for such complaints to begin with?My thoughts exactly. I find it ridiculous that people purposefully seek out the thread titled "Nitpick without repercussion" and then get angry when they see - *gasp* who'd have thought - people are criticizing the TV show. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
3211	Night Gathers	2012-05-22	The lord of bones looked ridiculous. He looked like Casey Jones from TMNT with that mask. Yet another episode with no wolves.Wasn't Lord of Bones supposed to be sort of a joke in the books? I always thought of him as a joke anyway, and that he compensated for his pathetic self with armor of bones. That's at least how I imagined him. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3212	teemo	2012-05-22	Please don't be a thread crasher!  There's a new thread made just for happy comments.  Would it be nice for us to go over there and start bitching about the show?
3213	Kittykatknits	2012-05-22	Jaime Lannister states my feelings about the Robb/Talisa relationship perfectly. I had been dreading the RW before the show but now I await it with glee. Hopefully, if the gods are good, we will never have to see or think about her again.
I'm tired of the white-washing of Tyrion's character. Is it episode ten where he runs in to the burning orphanage to save all the children?
Every Dany scene still makes me laugh. They have made her in to a brat and I'm starting to not like her in the books either because of it.
The lack of Sansa development is really ticking me off. She is a major character in the books but you wouldn't know it from watching this show.
There is also a scene in the books where Jaqen is naked in a bathtub? Where is it?!?! I want that scene!!!!
					
					
							Edited by Kittykatknits, 22 May 2012 - 05:54 PM.
3214	Buckwheat	2012-05-22	Wasn't Lord of Bones supposed to be sort of a joke in the books? I always thought of him as a joke anyway, and that he compensated for his pathetic self with armor of bones. That's at least how I imagined him. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />That is how I understood him too, never took him particularly seriously and his armour in the series fits that, I think.
3215	seikai	2012-05-22	Jaime Lannister states my feelings about the Robb/Talisa relationship perfectly. I had been dreading the RW before the show but now I await it with glee. Hopefully, if the gods are good, we will never have to see or think about her again. I'm tired of the white-washing of Tyrion's character. Is it episode ten where he runs in to the burning orphanage to save all the children? Every Dany scene still makes me laugh. They have made her in to a brat and I'm starting to not like her in the books either because of it. The lack of Sansa development is really ticking me off. She is a major character in the books but you wouldn't know it from watching this show. There is also a scene in the books where Jaqen is naken in a buthtub? Where is it?!?! I want that scene!!!! Agreed with everything, but especially the bolded part. We female viewers want our naked Jaqen fanservice too, HBO! It's hardly much to ask for considering how many unnecessary nude female scenes there are, right? Stupid sexist HBO... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
					
					
							Edited by seikai, 22 May 2012 - 05:14 PM.
3216	madman2711	2012-05-22	I think that the criptic weirwood trolling guy remembers me of Viserys and his pathetic rants against the dothraki
I so miss Viserys 
On topic 
Is arrya going to kill in the next seasons so it will be only self defense / accidents / by proxy 
Come on HBO she is a deadly cat not Tywin grammar sparring partner
Hopefuly some guard might still be on the outside so she can get her first true assasination
3217	Kittykatknits	2012-05-22	Agreed with everything, but especially the bolded part. We female viewers want our naked Jaqen fanservice too, HBO! It's hardly much to ask for considering how many unnecessary nude female scenes there are, right? Stupid sexist HBO... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Although I was have joking about it, there really is a double standard when it comes to nudity. We have had scene after scene this season of women underessing. In the Robb/Talisa scene, we did not get so much as a shot of Robb's chest. I take it as further proof that the show is just another form of fanboy love at this point.
3218	Kittykatknits	2012-05-22	Agreed with everything, but especially the bolded part. We female viewers want our naked Jaqen fanservice too, HBO! It's hardly much to ask for considering how many unnecessary nude female scenes there are, right? Stupid sexist HBO... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />And on another related note, if we don't get to see Jaime at least half-naked in the baths at Harrenhal, I will seriously be nerd raging.
3219	teemo	2012-05-22	And on another related note, if we don't get to see Jaime at least half-naked in the baths at Harrenhal, I will seriously be nerd raging.YES.  This!
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 22 May 2012 - 08:14 PM.
3220	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Jaime Lannister states my feelings about the Robb/Talisa relationship perfectly. I had been dreading the RW before the show but now I await it with glee. Hopefully, if the gods are good, we will never have to see or think about her again. I'm tired of the white-washing of Tyrion's character. Is it episode ten where he runs in to the burning orphanage to save all the children? Every Dany scene still makes me laugh. They have made her in to a brat and I'm starting to not like her in the books either because of it. The lack of Sansa development is really ticking me off. She is a major character in the books but you wouldn't know it from watching this show. There is also a scene in the books where Jaqen is naked in a bathtub? Where is it?!?! I want that scene!!!!I am hanging in my tub right now, but i dont think it will have the same effect.
3221	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	Agreed with everything, but especially the bolded part.We female viewers want our naked Jaqen fanservice too, HBO! It's hardly much to ask for considering how many unnecessary nude female scenes there are, right? Stupid sexist HBO... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Agreed with everything, but especially the bolded part. We female viewers want our naked Jaqen fanservice too, HBO! It's hardly much to ask for considering how many unnecessary nude female scenes there are, right? Stupid sexist HBO... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Its good to be king! /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3222	SerMixalot	2012-05-22	well last season the ladies had a shot at Theon's junk, which I think equates to like 11 naked female breasts and 12 naked female buttocks, (ros' counts as half price) so may be a while.
3223	teemo	2012-05-22	I think the strangest thing about this episode was Osha running around in broad daylight.  That was weird.
3224	StarkWard	2012-05-22	Also this is probably a really petty nitpick but why no beyond the wall points on the opening map?That, and as to where the f*ck is Ghost, he'll probably magically reappear in the Jon/Halfhand fight.
3225	Evamitchelle	2012-05-22	well last season the ladies had a shot at Theon's junk, which I think equates to like 11 naked female breasts and 12 naked female buttocks, (ros' counts as half price) so may be a while.Well we've had at least 2 "full frontal" of Ros so they kind of cancel each other out.
3226	Le Cygne	2012-05-22	Let's just say bathhouse Jaqen would have gone a long way toward overlooking some of the problems.
3227	seikai	2012-05-22	Let's just say bathhouse Jaqen would have gone a long way toward overlooking some of the problems.Oh yeaah. Distracted by the sexy indeed. Plot holes? What plot holes? /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
3228	birdsong66	2012-05-22	Well we've had at least 2 "full frontal" of Ros so they kind of cancel each other out.As to this, where do these ladies acquire their Brazilians...is it a day spa, or what?
3229	teemo	2012-05-22	As to this, where do these ladies acquire their Brazilians...is it a day spa, or what? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 22 May 2012 - 11:42 PM.
3230	StarkWard	2012-05-23	Is it me or are Sam's teeth way past the normal point of decay in the Night's Watch. Grenn's and Dolorous Ed's seem to be fine, but his are just yellow and pointy.
3231	Howdyphillip	2012-05-23	Repercussion...
This thread is more negative than a 16 year old goth girl dating a 22 year old emo dude.
Seriously folks, the first reaction that you have when watching this TV show is to come here and complain about the color of Sam's teeth, or that a character can read? It would be OK, if this cesspool was left in a single thread here buried in a corner of the internet set aside solely for these people to share their misery with one another, but every single thread on this site is riddled with how much this show "sucks" or is "horrible", or has been "ruined".
It is not only this site, but this crap has spilled over to writers and actors of the show having to shut off their social networking sites because of all of the hatred. Larry Williams has had to vehemently defend his reviews because some of us as fans have decided it would be cool to vehemently attack him anonymously.
GoT is far and away the best fantasy television show ever made. All I am asking is that as fans, we keep that in mind as we write about things that we like and don't like in the series, and if you are one of the people writing crap to people involved in making this show, just know that you are lower than a snails underbelly. This is the reason that we as socially awkward and somewhat geeky fan boys and girls can't ever have anything nice.
3232	Buckwheat	2012-05-23	Although I was have joking about it, there really is a double standard when it comes to nudity. We have had scene after scene this season of women underessing. In the Robb/Talisa scene, we did not get so much as a shot of Robb's chest. I take it as further proof that the show is just another form of fanboy love at this point.Well, there was a naked Hodor in the Godswood .../leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />well last season the ladies had a shot at Theon's junk, which I think equates to like 11 naked female breasts and 12 naked female buttocks, (ros' counts as half price) so may be a while.Thank the Old Gods for the subtitles.
3233	protar	2012-05-23	Repercussion... This thread is more negative than a 16 year old goth girl dating a 22 year old emo dude. Seriously folks, the first reaction that you have when watching this TV show is to come here and complain about the color of Sam's teeth, or that a character can read? It would be OK, if this cesspool was left in a single thread here buried in a corner of the internet set aside solely for these people to share their misery with one another, but every single thread on this site is riddled with how much this show "sucks" or is "horrible", or has been "ruined". It is not only this site, but this crap has spilled over to writers and actors of the show having to shut off their social networking sites because of all of the hatred. Larry Williams has had to vehemently defend his reviews because some of us as fans have decided it would be cool to vehemently attack him anonymously. GoT is far and away the best fantasy television show ever made. All I am asking is that as fans, we keep that in mind as we write about things that we like and don't like in the series, and if you are one of the people writing crap to people involved in making this show, just know that you are lower than a snails underbelly. This is the reason that we as socially awkward and somewhat geeky fan boys and girls can't ever have anything nice.Hey! No repercussions! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But seriously, I'm sick and tired of people telling us that we have no right to complain about aspects of the show we don't like. Why come on to this thread at all if all you want to do is praise the show endlessly. That's not what this thread is for.
3234	Evamitchelle	2012-05-23	And on another related note, if we don't get to see Jaime at least half-naked in the baths at Harrenhal, I will seriously be nerd raging.Especially since NCW has done nude scenes before. Even full-frontal. So it probably be wouldn't be a problem on his end of things. Richard Madden was also completely naked in Sirens, but in the scene with Talisa it's Oona Chaplin who had all the nakedness quota. Where's all the male nudity ??
3235	Howdyphillip	2012-05-23	Hey! No repercussions! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> But seriously, I'm sick and tired of people telling us that we have no right to complain about aspects of the show we don't like. Why come on to this thread at all if all you want to do is praise the show endlessly. That's not what this thread is for.I am not trying to say that at all. I often talk about things that I liked and didn't like about the show. That is not what I take issue with. My problem is when people do nothing but talk about how "terrible", or how the show is "ruined" or how this thing is the worst tragedy since Chernobyl. The reason I spoke up here about it is that this kind of crap has bled into almost all of the other threads, and has led to people anonymously attacking writers, actors, and reviewers of the show.I appreciate opinions, I just don't like reading pages and pages of nothing but attacks about the show. There are writing decisions and acting performances that I think are better or worse than others as well. I would like to hear about those rather than just a juvenile response of "This show is ruined because my favorite character didn't say or do things exactly the way I read it."
3236	protar	2012-05-23	I am not trying to say that at all. I often talk about things that I liked and didn't like about the show. That is not what I take issue with. My problem is when people do nothing but talk about how "terrible", or how the show is "ruined" or how this thing is the worst tragedy since Chernobyl. The reason I spoke up here about it is that this kind of crap has bled into almost all of the other threads, and has led to people anonymously attacking writers, actors, and reviewers of the show. I appreciate opinions, I just don't like reading pages and pages of nothing but attacks about the show. There are writing decisions and acting performances that I think are better or worse than others as well. I would like to hear about those rather than just a juvenile response of "This show is ruined because my favorite character didn't say or do things exactly the way I read it."I think you're exaggerating people's reactions and certainly most of the people on this thread have not been sending threatening messages to people on the show. I can't really speak for everyone else (though I'm sure others share my opinion.), but I really enjoy GOT as a show, I simply don't like it as much as an adaptation.
3237	Rapsie	2012-05-23	I appreciate opinions, I just don't like reading pages and pages of nothing but attacks about the show. There are writing decisions and acting performances that I think are better or worse than others as well. I would like to hear about those rather than just a juvenile response of "This show is ruined because my favorite character didn't say or do things exactly the way I read it."I'm not sure the majority of the complaints are that trite.  People have been upset by No Weasel Soup for example. That is not just about missing a favourite scene. I can understand it being too difficult to film, but instead of keeping her Arc in terms of the Ghost of Harrenhal with the secret training, prayer to the old gods etc, we have had Tywin discussing Jaime's dyslexia. Now the scenes between Tywin and Arya were brilliantly acted, but in the end they went no where. Arya planning her own escape and killing the guard we very important parts of her development as a character. A variation of Weasel Soup or her killing the guard could have been left in the story. This is just one example. Some parts of the story have been done brilliantly and there is a thread for that. But with so many important book characters, such as Sansa basically having their story removed and their status demoted to minor character from major, it is understandable that scenes about Jaime's Dyslexia and Talissa's long story about Volantis are annoying people. However this is the place to discuss such quibbles and I agree that it is not okay to hassle the actors etc on their personal networking sites.
3238	protar	2012-05-23	I don't really know were to put this but it does connect to my nitpick of not getting Weasel Soup. So I had an idea. Basically I think it would have been cool if we had both Weasel Soup and The HOTU in this episode, but intercut with one another to make the climax. This would've been great from a dramatic perspective and also would've saved on money, because all the expensive stuff like the fighting in Harrenhal could happen mostly off-screen. So for example we have Rorge throwing the soup at the guards, then we just hear their screams of pain and then cut to the HOTU, with say a closed door rattling with some screams coming from behind it. So yeah my nitpick is that it wasn't done like that. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3239	Howdyphillip	2012-05-23	I'm not sure the majority of the complaints are that trite. I agree with you on this, the majority of these complaints aren't that trite. I take no issue what so ever with people discussing what they liked and didn't like about the show. I think that this is a perfect place for that.What I am talking about is that there is almost a third of our topics this week that have a negative connotation in their very heading, and all of them are riddled with people calling the show writers "idiots", and actors "horrible". This is what I find ridiculous. There is nothing at all wrong with pointing out preferences or quibbles. What I am talking about is the unadulterated bashing that people are doing when talking about this show. If you are not one of these people, then I am not addressing you specifically.This particular thread seems to contain some of the most egregious content though hence I addressed this here.
3240	Kittykatknits	2012-05-23	well last season the ladies had a shot at Theon's junk, which I think equates to like 11 naked female breasts and 12 naked female buttocks, (ros' counts as half price) so may be a while.I guess that means nothing for a couple more seasons then....sigh....
3241	madman2711	2012-05-23	not that it matters but i think some constructive criticism is for the best 
like i said about some previous episode that mentioned the Yellow Fork, they could have invented another battle of Robb, i wouldnt mind but invent a fourth fork of the trident - the yellow one - come on its a mistake in my opinion
for example i missed something in another previous episode when XXD mentioned Valyrian Stone and everyone started nitpicking so on my latest reread of aSOS in a davos POV chapter i found a very explicit mention of Valyrian Stone that Dragonstone was made of where GRRM mentioned that the Valyrians didn't carved stone but used magic to give its shape like dragaons in that particular location so D&amp;D were very well documented on that detail and me included bitched endlessly for nothing
i can admit that but Shae reading - come on - she was a horny wench of a Lannister not a book club member, i know tv Shae is not Book Shae but lets not elevate all characters to a modern day culture level
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 23 May 2012 - 06:53 AM.
3242	Kittykatknits	2012-05-23	Well we've had at least 2 "full frontal" of Ros so they kind of cancel each other out.As to this, where do these ladies acquire their Brazilians...is it a day spa, or what?Let's just say bathhouse Jaqen would have gone a long way toward overlooking some of the problems.Not even 8AM and I'm out of likes for the day so I'm posting to let you know instead.
3243	Kittykatknits	2012-05-23	I appreciate opinions, I just don't like reading pages and pages of nothing but attacks about the show. There are writing decisions and acting performances that I think are better or worse than others as well. I would like to hear about those rather than just a juvenile response of "This show is ruined because my favorite character didn't say or do things exactly the way I read it."What I am talking about is that there is almost a third of our topics this week that have a negative connotation in their very heading, and all of them are riddled with people calling the show writers "idiots", and actors "horrible". This is what I find ridiculous. There is nothing at all wrong with pointing out preferences or quibbles. What I am talking about is the unadulterated bashing that people are doing when talking about this show. If you are not one of these people, then I am not addressing you specifically.Well, I think the show is pretty good as a TV show. For me, it's not as good as Deadwood or The Sopranos but it's better than many others. If I'd never read the books, I'd probably love it. With only a few exceptions, I think the acting has been excellent while the writing and directing has been much more mixed. But, those are just my opinions, the same as everyone here.I've enjoyed this thread as I appreciate seeing others who have the same take on scenes and characters that I do. Some of the nitpicks may appear minor but the reasoning behind it is usually solid. Karstark's comment abut the Father is just a single line but it shows a lack of understanding about religion within Westeros. The North's following of the Old Gods is an important part of their characterization. Same thing about Sandor not reacting when Sansa calls him ser. That, to me, shows a complete lack of undestanding about a basic part of his character. He could have challenged her on that and it would have added maybe ten seconds of dialogue. But, instead, we had Talisa talk about a made up event for several minutes.Beyond this, as great as the acting between Tywin and Arya was, those scenes will go nowhere. Arya is taking a much darker turn in book two, but you wouldn't know that from watching this show. Sansa is hardly a character on this show. Her entire story arc so far this season has been removed. She is nothing but an abuse victim.  Dany is reduced to a shrill brat who is regularly put in her place by a male character. The changes to and treatment of female characters have really left me shocked, especially when you consider that D&D stated this would be the season of women.I also think that D&D have some very different impressions of certain characters than I or many others do. It really hit me when I heard them describe Jaime as a monster and a psychotic. Then, they followed up with saying that Jon has suffered for lack of a father figure. I could not more strongly disagree with either of those statements and feel that it shows a misunderstanding of both characters. From what I'm viewing on the screen, I also think it is not much of a leap to assume they have different impressions of many characters.I know that I've read and re-read these books for twelve years now, been involved in passionate discussions, theorized about potential events, worried about character fates, and waited eagerly for the next book and its not much of a leap to say I'm alone in this either. With all that, it's rather difficult to sit back and ignore so much of what is happening.From what I've seen so far this season, I expect that I'll be posting in these discussions for the next two episodes as well.
3244	Le Cygne	2012-05-23	I don't think GRRM just wrote things for no reason, and he wrote a lot of beautiful male characters who were either explicitly nude or referenced as having sex (like Robb), and sex means men get naked, too, but we haven't seen it this season. All we've seen is the women, and even added scenes with women. This is a notable variation from the books, and we're far from the only ones talking about it. There have been articles in major newspapers and media outlets.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 21 December 2012 - 03:37 AM.
3245	protar	2012-05-23	I agree with you on this, the majority of these complaints aren't that trite. I take no issue what so ever with people discussing what they liked and didn't like about the show. I think that this is a perfect place for that. What I am talking about is that there is almost a third of our topics this week that have a negative connotation in their very heading, and all of them are riddled with people calling the show writers "idiots", and actors "horrible". This is what I find ridiculous. There is nothing at all wrong with pointing out preferences or quibbles. What I am talking about is the unadulterated bashing that people are doing when talking about this show. If you are not one of these people, then I am not addressing you specifically. This particular thread seems to contain some of the most egregious content though hence I addressed this here.Now while I disagree with the vehemencance with which some peope are expressing their opinions, it must be said: considering the fact that we didn't get nearly so much for S1 or early S2, the fact that there is so much hate all of a sudden is probably a good indication that the show writers are doing things wrong.
3246	Le Cygne	2012-05-23	It's not that we needed the exact weasel soup plot (and by this, the overall plot, what came before and after), but the essence of what was conveyed about the characters.  Although I think it was a very good plot, and as has been pointed out, could have been filmed with modifications.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 21 December 2012 - 03:37 AM.
3247	Evamitchelle	2012-05-23	I don't think GRRM just wrote things for no reason, and he wrote a lot of beautiful male characters who were either explicitly nude or referenced as having sex (like Robb), and sex means men get naked, too, but we haven't seen it this season. All we've seen is the women, and even added scenes with women. This is a notable variation from the books, and we're far from the only ones talking about it. There have been articles in major newspapers and media outlets.Here's a good recap of nude scenes for the first half of Season 2 : http://fantastiqueco...game-of-thronesBasically it's a 4/1 ratio. It's even more lopsided after adding the last 3 episodes I think, when we've had both Osha and Talisa completely naked, while Theon and Robb were clothed/covered.
3248	Howdyphillip	2012-05-23	I would like to point out that even though D&D have changed the script around in places, and changed the nuances and motivations of several characters, they are still being remarkably faithful to the overall theme and tone of the stories. When HBO bought the rights to this story, they bought it hook line and sinker. They are in their rights to do anything they wish. Just look at True Blood. The first season was similar to the first book, and from there they completely departed.
This season, we could have had cannibal Children of the Forest fighting rouge lesbian Wargs while Danny and her dragons took control of the Iron Throne. That would be worthy of insult. Instead, we have what I perceive to be a loving adaptation with changes made to help the story telling convey the overall theme of the book.
Are these changes worth remarking on? Absolutely.. We can even express our disappointments with them in constructive ways. I myself feel a bit let down by some of the changes, but to call the writers idiots, or to say that they don't care about the story is ridiculous. I don't have a problem with people expressing discontent. What I have a problem with are the people that treat this show like it is the worst thing ever made, and the constant deriding of the actors and writers of this series.
3249	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-23	I would like to point out that even though D&D have changed the script around in places, and changed the nuances and motivations of several characters, they are still being remarkably faithful to the overall theme and tone of the stories. When HBO bought the rights to this story, they bought it hook line and sinker. They are in their rights to do anything they wish. Just look at True Blood. The first season was similar to the first book, and from there they completely departed.I've never read the books True Blood was based on, but the second season was where I gave up on that show. I didn't really like the first season that much, and by the second it just kept getting increasingly ridiculous. I do not want Game of Thrones going the True Blood route, and at some points this season I feel they have, namely with needless cliffhangers. True Blood ends every episode, and probably every season, with cliffhangers that almost immediately get resolved. The episode 2 ending with Jon getting knocked out by Craster was felt like one of those, as does Dany's dragons being stolen. I doubt anyone watching thought, or thinks, that Jon woudn't survive Craster or that Dany won't get her dragons back.
3250	Le Cygne	2012-05-23	It's even worse than described at the link, because only the men's chests were shown.  Men take their shirts off to mow the lawn.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 21 December 2012 - 03:36 AM.
3251	Evamitchelle	2012-05-23	It's just grossly unbalanced overall. Not only is there 4x more female nudity, most of the women are completely naked while the men just have bare chests. Even when two people have sex, the guy is usualy fully clothed, like Stannis and Melisandre. They better make it up next season with Jaime's bathtub scene.
3252	protar	2012-05-23	wrong thread
					
					
							Edited by protar, 23 May 2012 - 08:34 AM.
3253	protar	2012-05-23	I would like to point out that even though D&D have changed the script around in places, and changed the nuances and motivations of several characters, they are still being remarkably faithful to the overall theme and tone of the stories. When HBO bought the rights to this story, they bought it hook line and sinker. They are in their rights to do anything they wish. Just look at True Blood. The first season was similar to the first book, and from there they completely departed. This season, we could have had cannibal Children of the Forest fighting rouge lesbian Wargs while Danny and her dragons took control of the Iron Throne. That would be worthy of insult. Instead, we have what I perceive to be a loving adaptation with changes made to help the story telling convey the overall theme of the book. Are these changes worth remarking on? Absolutely.. We can even express our disappointments with them in constructive ways. I myself feel a bit let down by some of the changes, but to call the writers idiots, or to say that they don't care about the story is ridiculous. I don't have a problem with people expressing discontent. What I have a problem with are the people that treat this show like it is the worst thing ever made, and the constant deriding of the actors and writers of this series.Well I'm sorry but after some revelations in the "they ruined Robb thread" I no longer believe that D+D care about or understand the source material.
3254	Rapsie	2012-05-23	@ Arrogant Bastard
Tru Blood is a good comparison. I haven't read the books, but have been watching the series (and very shallowly, the naked men are a factor). My other half however stopped enjoying it after Season 2 and said it has just become the modern Buffy, with a monster of the season. 
Now he hasn't read any of this series and really enjoyed the first season. However this season he has begun to lose interest in it. He got really intrigued about the Arya/ Tywin build up and was expecting something to happen: like her killing Tywin, or Tywin discovering she is Arya and was confused when Tywin just rode off and then Arya decided to leave. Likewise he thought the Robb and Talissa's storyline was dull. Similarly we have friends who haven't read the books but are watching the series, and they also were excited by season one and the beginning of season 2. They also are getting a bit bored of it, and talk has moved on to the Borgias. I don't know if anyone else has experienced something similar, but the changes seem to be effecting the cohesion of the story, especially the changes in the later half of the season.
3255	protar	2012-05-23	@ Arrogant Bastard Tru Blood is a good comparison. I haven't read the books, but have been watching the series (and very shallowly, the naked men are a factor). My other half however stopped enjoying it after Season 2 and said it has just become the modern Buffy, with a monster of the season. Now he hasn't read any of this series and really enjoyed the first season. However this season he has begun to lose interest in it. He got really intrigued about the Arya/ Tywin build up and was expecting something to happen: like her killing Tywin, or Tywin discovering she is Arya and was confused when Tywin just rode off and then Arya decided to leave. Likewise he thought the Robb and Talissa's storyline was dull. Similarly we have friends who haven't read the books but are watching the series, and they also were excited by season one and the beginning of season 2. They also are getting a bit bored of it, and talk has moved on to the Borgias. I don't know if anyone else has experienced something similar, but the changes seem to be effecting the cohesion of the story, especially the changes in the later half of the season.I can't speak from personal experience (my family still seems to be enjoying it.) but if you look at the TWOP forums, there's a lot of discontentment about this season and most of the complaints seems to be regarding stuff that's changed from the books.
3256	Howdyphillip	2012-05-23	Well I'm sorry but after some revelations in the "they ruined Robb thread" I no longer believe that D+D care about or understand the source material.Then you are reading completely different books and watching a totally different television series, because the ones I read and watched are pretty similar. If you found these momentous revelations in a thread dedicated on how they "ruined" the show, then who am I to question this wisdom?@RapsieI am watching with a whole troop of unsullied (non book readers) that are banging down my door every Sunday night. Out of six of them, all enjoyed this episode more than I did. (This was my least favorite episode this season. I still found it outstanding)
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 23 May 2012 - 08:55 AM.
3257	Rapsie	2012-05-23	@ Protar
I love the Twop forums, especially the unspoiled appreciation thread. One of the theories that really made me chortle was someone suggesting Tywin left Arya with Gregor Clegane because he didn't want her to be injured near a battle and said Gregor doesn't seem that bad.
3258	FantA´me	2012-05-23	Just for the record, he was referring to a D&D interview , not to an angry fan's comment .
3259	SelaBela	2012-05-23	well last season the ladies had a shot at Theon's junk, which I think equates to like 11 naked female breasts and 12 naked female buttocks, (ros' counts as half price) so may be a while.We saw Theon's junk? As in like balls and all? I don't remember that, I must have put it in a deep, deep, DEEP corner of my mind in a jar of bleach.
3260	unRobert	2012-05-23	Again, I don't know why people who refuse to hear criticism of the show come to a board of book fanatics, let alone the nitpick without repercussion thread. Anyway, my biggest criticism is simple: I wince at the show often. I can no longer defend to my friends why I enjoy it. It's so full of cliches and lame dialogue it makes me question the book series for these faults as well.
3261	unRobert	2012-05-23	I love the Twop forums, especially the unspoiled appreciation thread. One of the theories that really made me chortle was someone suggesting Tywin left Arya with Gregor Clegane because he didn't want her to be injured near a battle and said Gregor doesn't seem that bad.Yeah, they really botched the mountain with this casting.
3262	SelaBela	2012-05-23	Well, there was a naked Hodor in the Godswood ... /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> Thank the Old Gods for the subtitles.Seriously? We're supposed to get all excited about HODOR and THEON? Gimme a break guys.
3263	SelaBela	2012-05-23	I agree with you on this, the majority of these complaints aren't that trite. I take no issue what so ever with people discussing what they liked and didn't like about the show. I think that this is a perfect place for that. What I am talking about is that there is almost a third of our topics this week that have a negative connotation in their very heading, and all of them are riddled with people calling the show writers "idiots", and actors "horrible". This is what I find ridiculous. There is nothing at all wrong with pointing out preferences or quibbles. What I am talking about is the unadulterated bashing that people are doing when talking about this show. If you are not one of these people, then I am not addressing you specifically. This particular thread seems to contain some of the most egregious content though hence I addressed this here.Yes well, it would make more sense to address people's nitpicks on the other threads that the "hate" is bleeding onto, rather than address it in the Nitpick without repercussion thread.
3264	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	As to this, where do these ladies acquire their Brazilians...is it a day spa, or what?Said the same thing more than once.  Ridiculous.Especially since NCW has done nude scenes before. Even full-frontal. So it probably be wouldn't be a problem on his end of things. Richard Madden was also completely naked in Sirens, but in the scene with Talisa it's Oona Chaplin who had all the nakedness quota. Where's all the male nudity ??NCW's response in an interview as to whether he would be going full-frontal in GOT: "Oh God, no."Well, I think the show is pretty good as a TV show. For me, it's not as good as Deadwood or The Sopranos but it's better than many others. If I'd never read the books, I'd probably love it. With only a few exceptions, I think the acting has been excellent while the writing and directing has been much more mixed.  Same thing about Sandor not reacting when Sansa calls him ser. That, to me, shows a complete lack of undestanding about a basic part of his character. He could have challenged her on that and it would have added maybe ten seconds of dialogue. But, instead, we had Talisa talk about a made up event for several minutes. Beyond this, as great as the acting between Tywin and Arya was, those scenes will go nowhere. Arya is taking a much darker turn in book two, but you wouldn't know that from watching this show. Sansa is hardly a character on this show. Her entire story arc so far this season has been removed. She is nothing but an abuse victim. Dany is reduced to a shrill brat who is regularly put in her place by a male character. The changes to and treatment of female characters have really left me shocked, especially when you consider that D&D stated this would be the season of women. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I also think that D&D have some very different impressions of certain characters than I or many others do. It really hit me when I heard them describe Jaime as a monster and a psychotic. Then, they followed up with saying that Jon has suffered for lack of a father figure. I could not more strongly disagree with either of those statements and feel that it shows a misunderstanding of both characters. From what I'm viewing on the screen, I also think it is not much of a leap to assume they have different impressions of many characters. I know that I've read and re-read these books for twelve years now, been involved in passionate discussions, theorized about potential events, worried about character fates, and waited eagerly for the next book and its not much of a leap to say I'm alone in this either. With all that, it's rather difficult to sit back and ignore so much of what is happening. From what I've seen so far this season, I expect that I'll be posting in these discussions for the next two episodes as well.THIS ABSOLUTELY 100%.  Not at all an accurate characterization of either of them.  Jaime's turn begins in the dungeon, in that scene with Catelyn before she releases him.  He's not a monster or psychotic.  He's impulsive, cocky and arrogant, and his time alone with himself finally forces him to evaluate himself and his life, and he doesn't like what he sees.  Yet he firmly believes his killing of Aerys was justified and the honorable thing, though it's brought him nothing but dishonor and infamy.  And for the first time he realizes, as do we, that he does care about his honor- that "shit for honor" comment of Cat's haunts him well into the story.  He is beginning to reevaluate himself and we take the journey with him.  I firmly believe we're supposed to begin changing our attitude toward Jaime in that (book) scene which is why he begins to open up and present his side to the story, including the revelation, among other things, that he's been entirely faithful to Cersei, which stunned me when I first read it.  Truly there are a few psychotics in the series, but Jaime's not one of them.Jon...lack of a father figure????  WTF???  What's always going through his head every time he bangs Ygritte?  "Was it like this for my father?  Did my dad feel this way?  What about my vows- my vows- my vows (hmmmm....where might he have learned that??)?  What nonsense.
3265	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Seriously? We're supposed to get all excited about HODOR and THEON? Gimme a break guys.trust me I have no idea what women like, so there
3266	protar	2012-05-23	Said the same thing more than once. Ridiculous. NCW's response in an interview as to whether he would be going full-frontal in GOT: "Oh God, no." /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> THIS ABSOLUTELY 100%. Not at all an accurate characterization of either of them. Jaime's turn begins in the dungeon, in that scene with Catelyn before she releases him. He's not a monster or psychotic. He's impulsive, cocky and arrogant, and his time alone with himself finally forces him to evaluate himself and his life, and he doesn't like what he sees. Yet he firmly believes his killing of Aerys was justified and the honorable thing, though it's brought him nothing but dishonor and infamy. And for the first time he realizes, as do we, that he does care about his honor- that "shit for honor" comment of Cat's haunts him well into the story. He is beginning to reevaluate himself and we take the journey with him. I firmly believe we're supposed to begin changing our attitude toward Jaime in that (book) scene which is why he begins to open up and present his side to the story, including the revelation, among other things, that he's been entirely faithful to Cersei, which stunned me when I first read it. Truly there are a few psychotics in the series, but Jaime's not one of them. Jon...lack of a father figure???? WTF??? What's always going through his head every time he bangs Ygritte? "Was it like this for my father? Did my dad feel this way? What about my vows- my vows- my vows (hmmmm....where might he have learned that??)? What nonsense.Yeah it was these interviews with D+D that I was reffering to when I said that they don't understand or care about the source material. I've seen some pretty crazy ideas on this forum, but NEVER have I seen a misinterpretation of ASOIAF quite so large as those ones (or the one pointed out in the Robb thread where D+D think that it was Cat's fault that Robb slept with Talisa!). Really Martin should have been given more creative power over the show. That way we'd only get the deviations with a purpose.
3267	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Apropos of nothing but I thought it completely out of character for Sam to speak up to Mormont that he could replace Jon as his steward.  Sam was TERRIFIED of mormont and in the book never willingly spoke to him
3268	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	I am not trying to say that at all. I often talk about things that I liked and didn't like about the show. That is not what I take issue with. My problem is when people do nothing but talk about how "terrible", or how the show is "ruined" or how this thing is the worst tragedy since Chernobyl. The reason I spoke up here about it is that this kind of crap has bled into almost all of the other threads, and has led to people anonymously attacking writers, actors, and reviewers of the show. I appreciate opinions, I just don't like reading pages and pages of nothing but attacks about the show. There are writing decisions and acting performances that I think are better or worse than others as well. I would like to hear about those rather than just a juvenile response of "This show is ruined because my favorite character didn't say or do things exactly the way I read it."Excellently well said!
3269	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	People donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to understand the difference between nitpicking the show itself versus the lack of their favorite little character doing something from the books.  The show has its own internal concerns and reasoning, and there is certainly room for criticizing it without having to harp on and on and on and on about the book.
3270	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	AAARRGGGHHH just lost a long post dedicated to arguing against the apologists!
Whaaaaaaaaa
3271	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	trust me I have no idea what women like, so thereUm, huh?Oh wait.  You mean women = androsexuals.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not very nice, now is it?  What about the female gynosexuals and male androsexuals? Seems quite a mischaracterization to me.
3272	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	let me see if I can recreate
1. People criticize cause we love the story and we love the show and hope and expect more
2. if we didnt love the story and the show we wouldnt be here
3. It is disconcerting when the producers make comments about perceptions of characters that are completely against our perceptions of those characters
4. We all  hope that the series stays popular for years to come so that the whole story is realized on tv
many of my issues come from what I perceive as needless changes to the atmosphere that GRRM has created.  For example the way people interact with lords and ladies.  There is a very modern feel to people sitting when a king is talking to them, or interupting or arguing with a king.  That simply wouldnt happen in GRRMs world, without repercussions.  Those types of changes go against the very nature of what GRRM built.
I for one am very pleasantly surprised at the number of women who post to this blog, who are devotees of a typically male domnated genre.  I believe that many of them are drawn because GRRM has thrown away the typical fantasy sterotypes for a realistic, complex, savy story.  That opened up the story to a vast new audience.  HBO ignoring this and replacing much of that atmosphere and characterization with cliche story telling, especially to fantasy cliches, threatens to lose much of the support and following.  Old school fantasy fans will lose interest because they are drawn to the unique nature of GRRMs world (the realistic historical feel overlain with magic and swords) while new devotees will lose interest because of character cliches. 
I just hope they dont do that because I like many people want the whole story to see the TV screen
3273	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-23	NCW's response in an interview as to whether he would be going full-frontal in GOT: "Oh God, no." /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />But no seriously, even as a straight male (albeit with a considerable mancrush) I'd appreciate Nikolaj going for it. Go on Nik.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 23 May 2012 - 10:52 AM.
3274	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Um, huh? Oh wait. You mean women = androsexuals. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not very nice, now is it? What about the female gynosexuals and male androsexuals? Seems quite a mischaracterization to me.ummm, whaa.., umm, ahhh, gee, ahhh umm,google searchahhhh, well ok, in BROAD terms I know what women want, it specific terms it remains a mystery
3275	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	ummm, whaa.., umm, ahhh, gee, ahhh umm, google search ahhhh, well ok, in BROAD terms I know what women want, it specific terms it remains a mysteryYâ<U+0080><U+0099>arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t supposed to call â<U+0080><U+0099>em broads anymore.  They be dames, doncha know?
3276	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-05-23	I agree with you. This is my biggest nitpick so far. I see absolutely no reason why they needed to change her name or who she is at all. It doesn't make sense Robb would betray his word to the Frey's for a piece of ass from Volantis, it just doesn't! I mean, it was hard enough to take in the books. Everyone did a facepalm and shook their heads saying what a foolish mistake Robb had made... but now, this sex scene of frantic ripping of clothing off to do it on the floor with a girl he barely knows from Volantis? BLAH.Just a wild guess, but you've never been a 17 year old male, have you?
3277	protar	2012-05-23	Just a wild guess, but you've never been a 17 year old male, have you?Speaking for the 17 year old males I'd certainly not want anything to do with someone so arrogant and presumtious, who spends all her time slyly insulting me.
3278	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I like the comment someone made that they suspect Robb quickly "finished" during that scene
3279	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I think right after the scene was over Robb called for some sourleaf and liver and onions
3280	SelaBela	2012-05-23	ummm, whaa.., umm, ahhh, gee, ahhh umm, google search ahhhh, well ok, in BROAD terms I know what women want, it specific terms it remains a mysteryNot free balling Hodor or Theon. It would be equivalent to only seeing Brienne and Asha, naked.THE ANDROSEXUALS DEMAND THEIR POUND OF FLESH!
3281	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Well seeing Hodor was a few pounds of flesh, but I suppose I see your point.
3282	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Speaking for the 17 year old males I'd certainly not want anything to do with someone so arrogant and presumtious, who spends all her time slyly insulting me.You are a very unique young man then.  And I say that as high praise.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 23 May 2012 - 11:39 AM.
3283	teemo	2012-05-23	Just a wild guess, but you've never been a 17 year old male, have you?But most 17 year old males don't have the entire fate of their people in their hands based on a marriage pact they made.  Most are not out for revenge because someone lopped off their father's head and they're now a king.  Sleeping with her is one thing, plenty of high borns sleep with whoever they want....marrying her, that's another issue.  Especially in the midst of camp, with all the shit going on around him with his mother, brothers, Jaime Lannister....he's not injured on the Crag just being taken care of by this girl.  He's in the middle of chaos.  In the books he can barely focus or even talk to Jeyne at camp.  In the tv show it seems like Jeyne is his focus, and the war is an afterthought! Speaking for the 17 year old males I'd certainly not want anything to do with someone so arrogant and presumtious, who spends all her time slyly insulting me.I'm not a 17 year old guy, but I go both ways and would not want anything to do with her either.  She is irritating and obnoxious.  
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 23 May 2012 - 12:18 PM.
3284	protar	2012-05-23	You are a very unique young man then. And I say that as high praise.Do most young men like arrogant, presumptuous, insulting women?
					
					
							Edited by protar, 23 May 2012 - 12:24 PM.
3285	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Do most young men like arrogant, presumptuous, insulting women?if they are hot and giving them attention, typ. yes
3286	notakneeler	2012-05-23	Thanks Kittykatknits and Rickon is fierce for setting out so nicely what bothers me about the show.
I am in awe of the acting on the series- and I am even more in awe of the love and care taken with the sets and props ( got a close look at them in Toronto)- BUT-
I believe D&D just plain misunderstand many of the main characters. You can have differing opinions on the characters- but if you can think John Snow lacks a father figure...you are just plain WRONG. The book clearly shows Ned was a loving and ever-present father .
If you think Jaime is a psychotic....then his motivations are unreachable to all of us non-psychotics...The book clearly shows Jaime's thinking as not delusional, but based on real events. Aerys did want to burn down King's Landing, it was not a paranoid delusion on Jaime's part. Jamie has his own code of honour- but D&D don't believe a psychotic will draw a line between killing a mad king for the commoners of king's landing, killing a little boy to save his sister and killing a cousin to escape imprisonment. A psychotic has no conscience-. A psychotic can't change his behaviour. So how can they write Jaime's redemption arc if they believe this is a man with no conscience?
Just two examples of how D&D's reading of the characters seems so very WRONG to me. They handle the people they understand BRILLIANTLY. Theon's story is just plain awesome. But the changes I initially thought were being made for the sake of television story-telling are not being driven by adaptation to the medium. They are re-writing characters based on faulty premises, IMHO. 
The sets and costuming are brilliant and really evoke Martin's universe, but throw in dyslexia, book-reading whores and sellswords, saucy MSF Volantine nurses, and the dissonance between the medieval scenes and the modern sensibility keeps kicking me out of the presentation.
3287	Kittykatknits	2012-05-23	Here's a good recap of nude scenes for the first half of Season 2 : http://fantastiqueco...game-of-thrones Basically it's a 4/1 ratio. It's even more lopsided after adding the last 3 episodes I think, when we've had both Osha and Talisa completely naked, while Theon and Robb were clothed/covered.Thanks for the link. I saw a blog post a few weeks back that kept statistics on the average number of boobs per episode. The current number was 5.8 since the show first debuted. I wish I could find that now. I would also add Melisandre and Stannis to the list.I would like to point out that even though D&D have changed the script around in places, and changed the nuances and motivations of several characters, they are still being remarkably faithful to the overall theme and tone of the stories. When HBO bought the rights to this story, they bought it hook line and sinker. They are in their rights to do anything they wish. Just look at True Blood. The first season was similar to the first book, and from there they completely departed.Never read the books but I thought the second season of True Blood was awful and stopped watching it after that.It's just grossly unbalanced overall. Not only is there 4x more female nudity, most of the women are completely naked while the men just have bare chests. Even when two people have sex, the guy is usualy fully clothed, like Stannis and Melisandre. They better make it up next season with Jaime's bathtub scene.What made the scene between Stannis and Melisandre even more annoying for me was how they put her in this seductress role. Stannis doesn't want to because he's married and swore vows. Then we have Melisandre: "You must, look at my beautiful, naked body, I'll even give you a son". Poor Stannis was almost tricked in to having sex with he. It was eye-rolling for me.We saw Theon's junk? As in like balls and all? I don't remember that, I must have put it in a deep, deep, DEEP corner of my mind in a jar of bleach.Seriously? We're supposed to get all excited about HODOR and THEON? Gimme a break guys.With Theon, it was brief. You blink and you miss it.There was one more full-frontal display but I can understand why you might have blocked it out. In season one, we got to see the wineseller's floppy fish while he was tied to Dany's horse. Otherwise, that's it.
3288	Lord Over	2012-05-23	I'm a bit iffy about Stannis telliing Davos he is going to be The Hand so soon, it seems an overkill for a reward. Davos was named Hand for telling his king the truth in the face of being burned alive. We already promoted Davos to admiral, why give him a season 3 promotion so soon?
3289	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	do women actually get into seeing that stuff?  Men obviously do with women's bods, that has been well established. I dont particularly care if they show mens stuff or not. It is only fair so why not, I realize that there is a fine line with porn-there about how far up the mast is sticking and all.
3290	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I'm a bit iffy about Stannis telliing Davos he is going to be The Hand so soon, it seems an overkill for a reward. Davos was named Hand for telling his king the truth in the face of being burned alive. We already promoted Davos to admiral, why give him a season 3 promotion so soon?for me it is a stupid move, that puts Davos directly responsible for the failure on the attack on KL.
3291	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	promoting him after KL makes far more sense as book Davos was the one warning against all the mistakes of the attack
3292	Buckwheat	2012-05-23	Seriously? We're supposed to get all excited about HODOR and THEON? Gimme a break guys.My whole post was a joke, SelaBela /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. I think nobody gets all excited about Hodor.
3293	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Osha seemed to like what she saw
and of course Hodor did say "Hodor"
3294	Buckwheat	2012-05-23	Osha seemed to like what she saw and of course Hodor did say "Hodor"What does saying "Hodor" have to do with it?
3295	Kittykatknits	2012-05-23	NCW's response in an interview as to whether he would be going full-frontal in GOT: "Oh God, no." /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />But no seriously, even as a straight male (albeit with a considerable mancrush) I'd appreciate Nikolaj going for it. Go on Nik.Well, I did say at least half-naked. Also, I would like to respectfully remind NCW that he has a backside too. Just saying.THIS ABSOLUTELY 100%.  Not at all an accurate characterization of either of them.  Jaime's turn begins in the dungeon, in that scene with Catelyn before she releases him.  He's not a monster or psychotic.  He's impulsive, cocky and arrogant, and his time alone with himself finally forces him to evaluate himself and his life, and he doesn't like what he sees.  Yet he firmly believes his killing of Aerys was justified and the honorable thing, though it's brought him nothing but dishonor and infamy.  And for the first time he realizes, as do we, that he does care about his honor- that "shit for honor" comment of Cat's haunts him well into the story.  He is beginning to reevaluate himself and we take the journey with him.  I firmly believe we're supposed to begin changing our attitude toward Jaime in that (book) scene which is why he begins to open up and present his side to the story, including the revelation, among other things, that he's been entirely faithful to Cersei, which stunned me when I first read it.  Truly there are a few psychotics in the series, but Jaime's not one of them.Jon...lack of a father figure????  WTF???  What's always going through his head every time he bangs Ygritte?  "Was it like this for my father?  Did my dad feel this way?  What about my vows- my vows- my vows (hmmmm....where might he have learned that??)?  What nonsense.Yeah it was these interviews with D+D that I was reffering to when I said that they don't understand or care about the source material. I've seen some pretty crazy ideas on this forum, but NEVER have I seen a misinterpretation of ASOIAF quite so large as those ones (or the one pointed out in the Robb thread where D+D think that it was Cat's fault that Robb slept with Talisa!). Really Martin should have been given more creative power over the show. That way we'd only get the deviations with a purpose.Yep, exactly. We've only heard these statements about a few characters so far but it seems to indicate a growing trend. I think Martin wrote these characters in such as way that we can react and understand them differently. But, they strike me as being way off the mark. I suspect as seasons progress, the differences will only grow more obvious.do women actually get into seeing that stuff?  Men obviously do with women's bods, that has been well established. I dont particularly care if they show mens stuff or not. It is only fair so why not, I realize that there is a fine line with porn-there about how far up the mast is sticking and all.If by stuff, do you mean fully naked men? Can't speak for all women, but for me depends on the man. Personally, I prefer seeing shots of mens chest and back but that's me. Abs are nice too. As for the mast, I've no desire to see bulbous purple heads on the show but I'd be fine seeing something that's a decent size and fairly uniform in color.
3296	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	What does saying "Hodor" have to do with it?a joke my good ser
3297	Buckwheat	2012-05-23	a joke my good serI am no ser. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3298	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	If by stuff, do you mean fully naked men? Can't speak for all women, but for me depends on the man. Personally, I prefer seeing shots of mens chest and back but that's me. Abs are nice too. As for the mast, I've no desire to see bulbous purple heads on the show but I'd be fine seeing something that's a decent size and fairly uniform in color.that matches with my understanding of what women like in terms of male nudity. Women are somewhat less visually stimulated, perhaps.  Drawn to differnt body parts than strictly the sexual organs-more about the mans "strength" parts-back arms chest stomach legs.  WRT to the coments bout the purple heads and all, LOL.  Remind me of something I read, where there is nothing more ridiculous looking than a fully aroused naked man.
3299	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	I am no ser. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Lady Brienne???? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3300	Buckwheat	2012-05-23	Lady Brienne???? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Alleras the Sphinx, actually /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />.
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 23 May 2012 - 02:44 PM.
3301	Kittykatknits	2012-05-23	that matches with my understanding of what women like in terms of male nudity. Women are somewhat less visually stimulated, perhaps. Drawn to differnt body parts than strictly the sexual organs-more about the mans "strength" parts-back arms chest stomach legs. WRT to the coments bout the purple heads and all, LOL. Remind me of something I read, where there is nothing more ridiculous looking than a fully aroused naked man.In my (limited) experience, women are stimulated more by written than visual mediums. That's why something like 35 or 40% of all books published in the US are romance novels while the porn industry is largely targeted at men.As to the second point, yeah, there is some truth to that.
3302	RSasoiaf	2012-05-23	First, I think it is never enough to say that we who post here enjoy the show. We take time from our lives to see it, we take the time to think on it, we take the time to post about it. So, even when we come across as not 100% happy, that is not equal to the show being terrible or even not good.
Second, I think, and this is a view shared by many, there have been quite a few problems and mistakes with the show itself. And it has to be said these mistakes are not only changes to the original story, these mistakes are things which do not make sense when they are played out together.
Let us take an example from a very good change:
Jaime fighting Nedd 1vs1 and not killing him because it was not honorable. This was perfect!!! Perfect change! We could discuss if Nedd was supposed to be a good fighter or not but in the end this change works and is 100% true to who Jaime was in the books. It seems something that could have been on the books. Other great example is Yoren, Arya and Nedd being the one who told Yoren to pick Arya. Another perfect change! Well done!!!! Very well done!!!!! And this was almost allways the thing with 1st season. All changes were mostly for the best. They really set a high standard there and praise them for doing it. 
Now comes season 2 and itÂ´s kind of a different story because now changes seems to more often then not miss the point and never pay out. Examples:
- Dontos was introduced early on but is plot is actually removed untill late or never
- Tyrion is seen asking for a possible poison and this never gets anywhere
- Joff is seen doing some less nice things to whores and the big deal was that he was picking a fight with his uncle....well.....go figure.....a couple episodes more and he is still quite coward when it comes to face Tyrion. So why would he pick a fight with Tyrion? Not that it seemed to matter that much to Tyrion in the end.....it was like that particular moment never did happen in the series. So why???
- Cersei goes from "I hate Tyrion" to "dear brother what can we do with Joff? Any ideas?" and then back to "I hate you again this episode and i have you now".....so.....is she really drinking too much? or where are we really going?
- Jaime goes from "It was not clean to kill an injured Nedd Stark".....ooooohhh but now itÂ´s totally ok to murder your own kin just for some ludicrous atempt to escape that will likely not even end that well. 
- Littlefinger shows up with NeddÂ´s bones and gives them to Cat....where are they now???? Did Cat leave NeddÂ´s remains behind? I could imagine Robb would have a lot more trouble braking vows if he add just got his fatherÂ´s bones back and i guess Brienne should be able to carry them.
- Tywin goes from "you should not kill those people because they might be of some use" to "now that i have a strange dart its ok to get out and kill everyone" and all at the same time he is all nice with the little cupbearer.
- What is Tywin actually doing in Harrenhall the whole time? Shouldnt he be fighting Robb instead of some strange Brotherhood that we still dont know much about? Are they really that big? Because last season Tywin had a 30.000 army with him so shouldnt he be doing something with them? 
- The Hound doesnt want to be called a "Ser" in season 1 to the hound doesnt mind it in season 2
- Sam is a coward in season 1 to Sam "I can be the Lord CommanderÂ´s steward" in season 2......now where did that guy came from???? Must be a twin brother that just killed Sam off screen.
ItÂ´s quite a few mistakes and problems for this second season and we are not over yer. So i think it becomes kind of understandable that many people are at least worried about the show writters not really doing their best like they did in season 1. The why is what really puzzles me. Looks almost like the 2 seasons have been made by different writters all together. The quality of changes on S1 was THAT GOOD!!!! It simply isnt there in S2.
3303	protar	2012-05-23	Where on earth is Ghost!?! I think he may have left the show in disgust at all these book deviations. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3304	Reposado	2012-05-23	The why is what really puzzles me. Looks almost like the 2 seasons have been made by different writters all together. The quality of changes on S1 was THAT GOOD!!!! It simply isnt there in S2.very true. i think all of the things that you point out stem from two factors:1. they overly condensed the story for season 2. they picked and chose scenes without really figuring out what abandoned scenes were significant to the ones they kept in. book 2 needed to be more than ten episodes OR they could have cut major plots. they would have been better off leaving stannis out entirely(just an example) than cutting pieces from each storyline.2. The showrunners are good at making scenes, but bad at making consistent characters and plotlines. they find scenes in the book that they want to do, or write new ones. and man are the effective. but they don't spend much time on working the plot so the scene makes sense in context. this means inconsistent character motivation, leading to many of the problems you brought upETA: honestly, i think the show would have been better just cutting daeny entirely. we know she wouldnt have affected the main plot for the first 5-6 seasons anyway. the amount of time and money(how many sets were for her story alone) saved would have vastly improved the rest of the show. (not that her season one stuff wasn't great)but we know were changing things from the book. let's go outside the boxdamn, here's an idea that might have worked. we cut stannis/davos from season 2, daeny crosses the red waste and instead of finding qarth, she finds a small port and sails directly to westeros.with stannis still on dragonstone, its daeny who lands in the stormlands, demanding renly recognize her as rightful queen. one burnt renly later, it's now daeny who is marching on kings landing, with adolescent dragons and renly's army. the blackwater happens as planned, and daeny is killed. this meaans, for the show, no qarth and no slavers' bay. anyone mad? now stannis/davos/mel can be introduced for season 3 with him eventually making the decision to go to the wall. stannis is still on dragonstone with a relatively small amount of men, everyone else is in roughly the same position, except daeny who is gone(and we get another real shocker death, this one even hitting the readers)we can spend the money that would have gone to dragon cgi and qarth/mereen sets on the other things that would have been good. Riverrun,horses for many scenes, etcwhat do we lose? the impact on the plot that daeny would have had in season 6? 8? 10?, who knows and the show may not get to 6.obviously needs to be fleshed out, but it's the kind of big change they probably should have gone for
					
					
							Edited by Lanza Rota, 23 May 2012 - 03:30 PM.
3305	RSasoiaf	2012-05-23	very true. i think all of the things that you point out stem from two factors: 1. they overly condensed the story for season 2. they picked and chose scenes without really figuring out what abandoned scenes were significant to the ones they kept in. book 2 needed to be more than ten episodes OR they could have cut major plots. they would have been better off leaving stannis out entirely(just an example) than cutting pieces from each storyline. 2. The showrunners are good at making scenes, but bad at making consistent characters and plotlines. they find scenes in the book that they want to do, or write new ones. and man are the effective. but they don't spend much time on working the plot so the scene makes sense in context. this means inconsistent character motivation, leading to many of the problems you brought upAgree!My own speculation is that this may be something to do with them working with different sets and different people writting each episode. I fear we currently lack someone with an overall view and a mastermind plan to really cut this here and change that there. This was likely not such a big problem on S1 because they were only doing small changes which were mainly local and had no big impact on the whole story, Now that they start changing things which may have an impact further ahead, we start seing that most of these changes work in someway if we consider the individual scenes, but they dont seem to get together into the big picture.The one with Joff and the whores is quite an example. Someone decided to build a hell of a subplot and they did create an agressive and effective scene there. But then they seem to leave behind what looked to be the big point about that scene. Unfortunatelly, the big point behind that scene has no place so far in the story, so what was the idea?I could really enjoy seing some of these ideas go forward. I would not have a problem with it. But they need to keep to some of them and really work them out into a big story. Else they get something where we are constantly thrown in different directions with many of them just going nowhere (insert Arya and Tywin that like many said were amazingly well made scenes but they just do nothing in terms of general plot).
3306	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-05-23	Speaking for the 17 year old males I'd certainly not want anything to do with someone so arrogant and presumtious, who spends all her time slyly insulting me.Well then I presume you've never experienced a super-hot girl who is obviously interested in you but playing hard to get. And for some reason you know you can't have her (in Robb's case it's because he is promised to a Frey), which makes you want her all the more.Pretty standard, really. I don't get why everyone is saying Robb would not do such a thing.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Vader's Bastard, 23 May 2012 - 03:25 PM.
3307	FantA´me	2012-05-23	Well then I presume you've never experienced a super-hot girl who is obviously interested in you but playing hard to get. And for some reason you know you can't have her (in Robb's case it's because he is promised to a Frey), which makes you want her all the more. Pretty standard, really. I don't get why everyone is saying Robb would not do such a thing.Pretty modern too. The story isn't.
3308	RSasoiaf	2012-05-23	Well then I presume you've never experienced a super-hot girl who is obviously interested in you but playing hard to get. And for some reason you know you can't have her (in Robb's case it's because he is promised to a Frey), which makes you want her all the more. Pretty standard, really. I don't get why everyone is saying Robb would not do such a thing.Technically, Robb can have almost any girl he looks at. He most likely cant get married with most of them, but he can bang every single good looking peasant girl in all the North and they will be happy with it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> You have never experienced what it is to be a king /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I would bet on that /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3309	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-05-23	Pretty modern too. The story isn't.'Wanting what you can't have is "modern"? Don't think so...
3310	Lord Over	2012-05-23	Well then I presume you've never experienced a super-hot girl who is obviously interested in you but playing hard to get. And for some reason you know you can't have her (in Robb's case it's because he is promised to a Frey), which makes you want her all the more. Pretty standard, really. I don't get why everyone is saying Robb would not do such a thing.Because it goes against what GRRM intended, to quote the author:"And thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another of my pet peeves about fantasies. The bad authors adopt the class structures of the Middle Ages; where you had the royalty and then you had the nobility and you had the merchant class and then you have the peasants and so forth. But they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>tâ<U+0080><U+0099> seem to realize what it actually meant. They have scenes where the spunky peasant girl tells off the pretty prince. The pretty prince would have raped the spunky peasant girl. He would have put her in the stocks and then had garbage thrown at her. You know."Game, set and match, my good man.
3311	Morrigan	2012-05-23	i can admit that but Shae reading - come on - she was a horny wench of a Lannister not a book club member, i know tv Shae is not Book Shae but lets not elevate all characters to a modern day culture levelTV-Shae is apparently highborn, though, so it's not a stretch that she'd be literate. Bronn's literacy, on the other hand, is just a tad bizarre.This season, we could have had cannibal Children of the Forest fighting rouge lesbian Wargs while Danny and her dragons took control of the Iron Throne. That would be worthy of insult.Would it? The way I see it, you'd still have apologists going "it's an adaptation, the TV show is not the book! Get over it!".
3312	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-05-23	Technically, Robb can have almost any girl he looks at. He most likely cant get married with most of them, but he can bang every single good looking peasant girl in all the North and they will be happy with it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Exactly. Which is why he becomes interested in the one who is not afraid to tell him how it is and acts as if she does not want him.
3313	Morrigan	2012-05-23	Oh, here's an actual nitpick. Why haven't Dany's dragons been named yet? Arya named the dragons of Aegon's sisters, so that's a strange omission.
3314	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-05-23	Because it goes against what GRRM intended, to quote the author: "And thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another of my pet peeves about fantasies. The bad authors adopt the class structures of the Middle Ages; where you had the royalty and then you had the nobility and you had the merchant class and then you have the peasants and so forth. But they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>tâ<U+0080><U+0099> seem to realize what it actually meant. They have scenes where the spunky peasant girl tells off the pretty prince. The pretty prince would have raped the spunky peasant girl. He would have put her in the stocks and then had garbage thrown at her. You know." Game, set and match, my good man.I don't get it. You're saying you'd prefer to see Robb rape the shit out of her instead of fall in love?Also, if you think she is just some peasant girl, you haven't been paying attention....
3315	FantA´me	2012-05-23	'Wanting what you can't have is "modern"? Don't think so...I was talking about the not very highborn girl playing hard to get with a king. And the king in question considering hot and not at all disrespectful and out of place.Like someone said above that's GRRM's very definition of bad fantasy.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 23 May 2012 - 04:00 PM.
3316	Lord Over	2012-05-23	Bwahahahaah, your lack of knowledge is showing.
That was GRRM HIMSELF telling you. If you can't understand what the author has said, let me simplify it for you. This is a feudal system, Princes GET what they want, they don't get to talk freely to the Princes and Princesses. As Tywin said to Arya "it's milord" because you CAN't INTERACT with them freely. Talisa showing up whenever she wants and interrupting battle meetings ala ep07 would be unthinkable.
That's what makes it a high-class realisticly portrayed fantasy.
Shall I explain GRRM's wordings to you again?
3317	RSasoiaf	2012-05-23	Exactly. Which is why he becomes interested in the one who is not afraid to tell him how it is and acts as if she does not want him.Problem is she should not be allowed to speak like that to him. It is even possible that Robb would allow it and ask that everyone else would also, But you dont realize that some foreigner like this girl, going around alone and speaking like she does, she would find herself in some really really bad place at the wrong time and it would not take long. The people around Robb are not exactly the nicest bunch of fellows you could find and they even look a bit upset in the show about this girl. So.....the question is now: What keeps the girl alive right now??? Considering the danger she is to the North and the fact she is all alone.....to kind of quote Tywin from season 1: Why is she still alive?????Late Edit: And by the way, where is that girl who is not afraid to tell him how it is and acts as if she does not want him??? I may have seen the wrong thing but despite from her intro scene, she never displays that kind of behaviour you talk about. I would even say that she looks interested in Robb almost since they first meet and after her second and third scene, she doesnt come across anymore as real oposition to anything Robb is doing.
					
					
							Edited by RSasoiaf, 23 May 2012 - 04:13 PM.
3318	boojam	2012-05-23	Oh, here's an actual nitpick. Why haven't Dany's dragons been named yet? Arya named the dragons of Aegon's sisters, so that's a strange omission.Man! I have wondered that myself ... seems we may get to episode 10 without the names, if she is able to call them to her what is going to say, here green one, here yellow one, here black one!?Passing strange.
3319	boojam	2012-05-23	Where on earth is Ghost!?! I think he may have left the show in disgust at all these book deviations. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Only the dragons have gotten less time than the direwolves ... And as I remember Ghost is with Jon when he goes to meet Mance.
3320	Morrigan	2012-05-23	I don't get it. You're saying you'd prefer to see Robb rape the shit out of her instead of fall in love? Also, if you think she is just some peasant girl, you haven't been paying attention....No, that's not what he's saying at all. Try to understand the point instead of reading it literally.
3321	teemo	2012-05-23	Well then I presume you've never experienced a super-hot girl who is obviously interested in you but playing hard to get. And for some reason you know you can't have her (in Robb's case it's because he is promised to a Frey), which makes you want her all the more.I've experienced it many times, and it doesn't always work.  You can't apply that generalization to everyone.
3322	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-23	Where on earth is Ghost!?! I think he may have left the show in disgust at all these book deviations. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Nah, Ghost left because he's embarrassed to be seen with Jon this season.  Ghost thought that Jon had left his sulky adolescent boy self behind; but Jon has spent this season alienating a valuable ally (Craster, even if he's an infanticidal pervert), being lectured by Mormont and Halfhand, and then apparently getting lost in the wilds with his cute redhaired Wildling captive while other Rangers get themselves killed trying to find him and finally getting ambushed by the cute redhead's pals. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />   Last season, Jon made friends among his new brothers and helped them learn to fight and also saved Sam from being beaten constantly and also killed a wight while saving the Commander and got a Valyrian sword.  This year, poor Jon has not exactly covered himself with glory or even acted like the Ranger he wanted to be.  No wonder Ghost is embarrassed!Either that or Ghost has gone off to find something to eat; since, knowing that if he hangs around with Jon and the Rangers, he'll starve to death.
3323	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Ghost and Greywind went to find Nymeria
The whole warg thing wasnt working out for them.
It is known
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 23 May 2012 - 04:47 PM.
3324	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-05-23	Man! I have wondered that myself ... seems we may get to episode 10 without the names, if she is able to call them to her what is going to say, here green one, here yellow one, here black one!? Passing strange.wow this is a great observation. I totally didn't realize this. People say they have changed Dany's story to "give her more to do" but yet they haven't even had her name the dragons yet. It's kinda weird to think she taught her dragons how to breath fire by saying dracarys before she even named them.
					
					
							Edited by Baelor Blackfyre, 23 May 2012 - 05:02 PM.
3325	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-23	Thanks Kittykatknits and Rickon is fierce for setting out so nicely what bothers me about the show. I am in awe of the acting on the series- and I am even more in awe of the love and care taken with the sets and props ( got a close look at them in Toronto)- BUT- I believe D&D just plain misunderstand many of the main characters. You can have differing opinions on the characters- but if you can think John Snow lacks a father figure...you are just plain WRONG. The book clearly shows Ned was a loving and ever-present father . If you think Jaime is a psychotic....then his motivations are unreachable to all of us non-psychotics...The book clearly shows Jaime's thinking as not delusional, but based on real events. Aerys did want to burn down King's Landing, it was not a paranoid delusion on Jaime's part. Jamie has his own code of honour- but D&D don't believe a psychotic will draw a line between killing a mad king for the commoners of king's landing, killing a little boy to save his sister and killing a cousin to escape imprisonment. A psychotic has no conscience-. A psychotic can't change his behaviour. So how can they write Jaime's redemption arc if they believe this is a man with no conscience? Just two examples of how D&D's reading of the characters seems so very WRONG to me. They handle the people they understand BRILLIANTLY. Theon's story is just plain awesome. But the changes I initially thought were being made for the sake of television story-telling are not being driven by adaptation to the medium. They are re-writing characters based on faulty premises, IMHO. The sets and costuming are brilliant and really evoke Martin's universe, but throw in dyslexia, book-reading whores and sellswords, saucy MSF Volantine nurses, and the dissonance between the medieval scenes and the modern sensibility keeps kicking me out of the presentation.TV-Jaime is even more worthless than Book-Jaime, in my opinion.  Trying to kill Bran and stabbing Aerys in the back (the latter a skinny prematurely aged man who he could have subdued, tied up and gagged) was bad enough; especially since I have never seen Jaime give any sign that he is sorry that he ruined Bran's life.  Murdering his innocent, admiring cousin is a terrible thing to do; particularly since at that time, Jaime's life was not in danger.  He was just tired of being a prisoner; so he decided to kill his cousin to lure in the guard.  That's not enough of a reason to murder your kinsman, particularly your unarmed kinsman who has been sent as an envoy by your family. The scene where Jaime talks with his cousin and then murders him were well-acted; and I already like the Jaime/Brienne Road Trip, but I despise this version of Jaime even more than I did the book character.  Suffering the loss of a hand and then saving Brienne (if they even film those events) does not make up for murdering an innocent relative.I agree about the dissonance of some of the extra (and often unnecessary) bits this season.  Much as I enjoyed the Tywin/Arya interaction, it made no sense for Tywin, a man who despises weakness and guards his family's reputation for strength and power, to reveal that his favorite child, his beloved son Jaime, had a problem learning to read - and to reveal this touching bit of Lannister family history to a servant?  Why???  No sense.  And don't get me started about the Talisa/Robb scenes, I'd have rather seen Talisa warming Roose Bolton's bed hoping to trade her charms for nursing supplies than hear more of the syrupy modern cliched conversations with Robb.
3326	Reposado	2012-05-23	[font=georgia,serif]TV-Jaime is even more worthless than Book-Jaime, in my opinion. Trying to kill Bran and stabbing Aerys in the back (the latter a skinny prematurely aged man who he could have subdued, tied up and gagged) was bad enough; especially since I have never seen Jaime give any sign that he is sorry that he ruined Bran's life. Murdering his innocent, admiring cousin is a terrible thing to do; particularly since at that time, Jaime's life was not in danger. He was just tired of being a prisoner; so he decided to kill his cousin to lure in the guard.the bigger problem is that it was completely unnecessary. he could've just punched him and laid him out. the (ridiculous)reaction from the guard would have been the same.
3327	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-23	the bigger problem is that it was completely unnecessary. he could've just punched him and laid him out. the (ridiculous)reaction from the guard would have been the same. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Or Jaime could have stabbed his cousin in the shoulder or leg or somewhere non-vital, to get him bloody and told him to play dead.  He didn't have to kill him; and to me it was very much out of character.
3328	binga	2012-05-23	The producers of this show must have read a different version of Clash of Kings. This must have been George's early draft. Talisa is annoying and pointless, I need to take a breather every time I remember how they murdered Jon and Qhorin's journey, and they made Catelyn look like a fool with the whole "I released Jaime just cause, lol".
3329	birdsong66	2012-05-23	Ghost being AWOL is a bit of a sticky wicket because, IIRC, Jon was very deliberate when commanding him to lay in between he and Ygritte.  Which would have played just as funny and believably for HBO.  Ghost suddenly showing up now would simply appear....odd.Additionally, HBORobb let slip that his bannermen have been griping about Talisa caring for prisoners/enemies which pretty much confirms that her behavior in most every circle is considered unacceptable.  His response, "I tell them they are not your enemies."  Nevermind the obvious WTF looks Roose manages whenever she interrupts by just walking in.  And how is it exactly that some solder can attempt to enter Catelyn's tent and be rebuffed without a seconds passing, but Talisa just up and presents herself, unannounced, and apparently unaware of how unacceptable such behavior will be viewed?  The telling difference is that Brienne emphasized that one must ask to enter and be heard.  So, if Talisa doesn't have to observe the same custom, perhaps Robb has already commanded that she be allowed to enter at her will.  Which would effectively nullify the "I don't have to keep my vow at the expense of my happiness" MO that D&D are selling.  It becomes premeditated by him, acted on by him, and  eventually consummated by him, the first two prior to Catelyn's betrayal.
3330	Jolene Brown	2012-05-23	Also, where are the Freys in his camp?  If they had a Frey or two it would up the tension at least, in terms of people who are physically present who would be like, "Uh, hey, dude, remember that you're supposed to marry our relative?"  I love that scene where Catelyn sees the Freys storming off angrily and trampling Robb's banner in the book.  Couldn't they just have 1 minor Frey?  Black Walder or Lame Lothar or one of the big ones?  I can't remember which ones were actually there in the book.  Gosh, it's a minor quibble, because this is the type of thing I get them not having time for, but it bums me out to lose that awesome scene at Harrenhall between Elmar Frey and Arya, where Elmar is crying about his "princess" and Arya has no idea he's talking about her!  Sigh.  I loved that scene.  Comic relief and sad at the same time.  And then Roose bringing it up when Elmar is his cupbearer when he talks to Jaime/Brienne.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 23 May 2012 - 07:54 PM.
3331	teemo	2012-05-23	Also, where are the Freys in his camp?  If they had a Frey or two it would up the tension at least, in terms of people who are physically present who would be like, "Uh, hey, dude, remember that you're supposed to marry our relative?"  I love that scene where Catelyn sees the Freys storming off angrily and trampling Robb's banner in the book.  Couldn't they just have 1 minor Frey?  Black Walder or Lame Lothar or one of the big ones?  I can't remember which ones were actually there in the book.  Gosh, it's a minor quibble, because this is the type of thing I get them not having time for, but it bums me out to lose that awesome scene at Harrenhall between Elmar Frey and Arya, where Elmar is crying about his "princess" and Arya has no idea he's talking about her!  Sigh.  I loved that scene.  Comic relief and sad at the same time.  And then Roose bringing it up when Elmar is his cupbearer when he talks to Jaime/Brienne.I agree with this.  More Freys need to be introduced, or the RW is going to be lame.
3332	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	First, I think it is never enough to say that we who post here enjoy the show. We take time from our lives to see it, we take the time to think on it, we take the time to post about it. So, even when we come across as not 100% happy, that is not equal to the show being terrible or even not good.Second, I think, and this is a view shared by many, there have been quite a few problems and mistakes with the show itself. And it has to be said these mistakes are not only changes to the original story, these mistakes are things which do not make sense when they are played out together.Let us take an example from a very good change:Jaime fighting Nedd 1vs1 and not killing him because it was not honorable. This was perfect!!! Perfect change! We could discuss if Nedd was supposed to be a good fighter or not but in the end this change works and is 100% true to who Jaime was in the books. It seems something that could have been on the books. Other great example is Yoren, Arya and Nedd being the one who told Yoren to pick Arya. Another perfect change! Well done!!!! Very well done!!!!! And this was almost allways the thing with 1st season. All changes were mostly for the best. They really set a high standard there and praise them for doing it. Now comes season 2 and itÂ´s kind of a different story because now changes seems to more often then not miss the point and never pay out. Examples:- Dontos was introduced early on but is plot is actually removed untill late or never- Tyrion is seen asking for a possible poison and this never gets anywhere- Joff is seen doing some less nice things to whores and the big deal was that he was picking a fight with his uncle....well.....go figure.....a couple episodes more and he is still quite coward when it comes to face Tyrion. So why would he pick a fight with Tyrion? Not that it seemed to matter that much to Tyrion in the end.....it was like that particular moment never did happen in the series. So why???- Cersei goes from "I hate Tyrion" to "dear brother what can we do with Joff? Any ideas?" and then back to "I hate you again this episode and i have you now".....so.....is she really drinking too much? or where are we really going?- Jaime goes from "It was not clean to kill an injured Nedd Stark".....ooooohhh but now itÂ´s totally ok to murder your own kin just for some ludicrous atempt to escape that will likely not even end that well. - Littlefinger shows up with NeddÂ´s bones and gives them to Cat....where are they now???? Did Cat leave NeddÂ´s remains behind? I could imagine Robb would have a lot more trouble braking vows if he add just got his fatherÂ´s bones back and i guess Brienne should be able to carry them.- Tywin goes from "you should not kill those people because they might be of some use" to "now that i have a strange dart its ok to get out and kill everyone" and all at the same time he is all nice with the little cupbearer.- What is Tywin actually doing in Harrenhall the whole time? Shouldnt he be fighting Robb instead of some strange Brotherhood that we still dont know much about? Are they really that big? Because last season Tywin had a 30.000 army with him so shouldnt he be doing something with them? - The Hound doesnt want to be called a "Ser" in season 1 to the hound doesnt mind it in season 2- Sam is a coward in season 1 to Sam "I can be the Lord CommanderÂ´s steward" in season 2......now where did that guy came from???? Must be a twin brother that just killed Sam off screen.ItÂ´s quite a few mistakes and problems for this second season and we are not over yer. So i think it becomes kind of understandable that many people are at least worried about the show writters not really doing their best like they did in season 1. The why is what really puzzles me. Looks almost like the 2 seasons have been made by different writters all together. The quality of changes on S1 was THAT GOOD!!!! It simply isnt there in S2.Great post. The two changes from season one you mention were EXCELLENT examples of great changes to the source material...huge fan of both, esp. Ned seeing Arya and communicating his desire for her rescue to his fellow Northman in one word: "Baelor!" That episode blew me away. Totally with you on this.
3333	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Why were they firing the scorpion on Stannis' boat.  Those bolts dont grow on trees!
3334	madman2711	2012-05-23	The sex wasn the issue but the marriage was
Of course they are getting married but the answer is why as Tullisa / Tallisa doesn't seem or act too noble or virginal to have the same Robb motivation in his vow breaking as in the book
As metioned before the Freys could care less who or what Robb has sex with as long as he marries a Frey girl
What will be his mitivation in doing such a modern mainstream / conventional thing like a love wedding in a world of arranged marriages where love is for the lowborn 
In the book he has to choose in term of honor between keeping a vow of betrohal with the freys and keeping jaynes honor unstained after sleeping with her as a non- virgin noblewooman was damaged goods and a pair only for the lower noblemans than the girls family.
tullisa isnt conventional nor noble so a pure love / sex relation could go on  without any repercusion from the Freys
Hope the D+D wont go the pregnancy way
Please praisers you should abstain from attacking our nitpicks i didnt go to the sugar and honey thread to nitpick or troll you but i will for every troll comment i see here
3335	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	not praisers I prefer apologists /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3336	Davos55	2012-05-23	I really don't know how they are going to pull off Robb marrying "Tulisa" in the show.  With the situation he is in now, it would just seem so bizarre. I am sure it will end up being something cliche and cheesy, but maybe next season this relationship will somehow get a bit better.
Also, I bet nonbook fans have pretty much forgot all about the Freys at this point.  My friends who haven't read are like, oh yeah..that creepy bridge guy.  As many posters have said, and I wholeheartedly agree, we need more Freys! I missed Little and Big Walder a lot up north, and other Freys should be around pretty commonly. Are a bunch just going to show up next season or what?
3337	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-23	Ghost being AWOL is a bit of a sticky wicket because, IIRC, Jon was very deliberate when commanding him to lay in between he and Ygritte.  Which would have played just as funny and believably for HBO.  Ghost suddenly showing up now would simply appear....odd.Additionally, HBORobb let slip that his bannermen have been griping about Talisa caring for prisoners/enemies which pretty much confirms that her behavior in most every circle is considered unacceptable.  His response, "I tell them they are not your enemies."  Nevermind the obvious WTF looks Roose manages whenever she interrupts by just walking in.  And how is it exactly that some solder can attempt to enter Catelyn's tent and be rebuffed without a seconds passing, but Talisa just up and presents herself, unannounced, and apparently unaware of how unacceptable such behavior will be viewed?  The telling difference is that Brienne emphasized that one must ask to enter and be heard.  So, if Talisa doesn't have to observe the same custom, perhaps Robb has already commanded that she be allowed to enter at her will.  Which would effectively nullify the "I don't have to keep my vow at the expense of my happiness" MO that D&D are selling.  It becomes premeditated by him, acted on by him, and  eventually consummated by him, the first two prior to Catelyn's betrayal.Really like this post...lot of my same thoughts...only I'd forgotten that detail about Jon using ghost to keep things from gettin' freaky with Ygritte- you're right, it would have played well on tv, and then we could still get that classic line from Ygritte after she tells the world she and Jon have been gettin' it on many a night when she says "Have Ghost sleep somewhere else tonight."
3338	protar	2012-05-24	Well then I presume you've never experienced a super-hot girl who is obviously interested in you but playing hard to get. And for some reason you know you can't have her (in Robb's case it's because he is promised to a Frey), which makes you want her all the more.Pretty standard, really. I don't get why everyone is saying Robb would not do such a thing.Well then I presume you've never experienced a super-hot girl who is obviously interested in you but playing hard to get. And for some reason you know you can't have her (in Robb's case it's because he is promised to a Frey), which makes you want her all the more. Pretty standard, really. I don't get why everyone is saying Robb would not do such a thing.Can't say I have to be honest /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> but then that's taught be something about hot girls so...and as fantome said, the feel of the plot is just too modern.
3339	madman2711	2012-05-24	I dont think tulisa plays too hard to get 
I mean she is barging inside the king tent whenever she wants she takes walks with the king on the wayback from surrendering castle 
He is teasing him about the Frey bridge and the Frey girl only a virgin king wont understand what she really wants, even Karstark is raging about the foreign bitch that the king is entertaing 
I think that the whole camp pressumed that Robb is doing her for some time.
3340	Reposado	2012-05-24	I think that the whole camp presumed that Robb is doing her for some time.Nah, cause they wouldn't care. They're probably thinking. "Just bed her already so we can get on with the war. Stannis is heading for Kings Landing, there are ironborn in the north and we're sitting here while you're going through the courtship process"
3341	madman2711	2012-05-24	i can imagine Karstark and Roose Bolton beting on the day he bones her probably it was a betting pool from all the sworn lords of the North
3342	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	Nah, cause they wouldn't care. They're probably thinking. "Just bed her already so we can get on with the war. Stannis is heading for Kings Landing, there are ironborn in the north and we're sitting here while you're going through the courtship process"More like, if the King dont bang that camp follower soon I will!
3343	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-24	Tywin keeps repeatingly stating that Robb keeps winning battles but his army has sat in the Westerlands all season not doing anything. They are not even pillaging and burning the westerlands. It was my understanding Robb was dealing out the same card Tywin dealt to the Riverlands in an attempt to draw him back there.
Robb was stated as winning 3 battles at the beggining of the series, that's whispering wood, the follow up battle and one mystery battle. Then he beat Stefford Lannister. That's 4 victories. I don't need to see countless battles or capturing of villages/forts I'd just like when Tywin mentions his victories he name checks a recent one. Maybe Kevin will remark scouts tell us Robb has captured the fort at Bambury or something like that, then have Tywin rant about the great boy king.
I'm just annoyed they haven't been clearer about the movement of armies. They haven't properly explained why Tywin in at Harrenhall. (He's there because from that position he can march south to defend KL and still keep Robb from moving south and linking up with Renly/Stannis. We've had plenty of scenes with Tywin planning war. What would it take one minute to have them describe the situation and position of the major players. That scene with Stannis in ep01 with that glorious table. They should have used the table and had one of his men, maybe even Davos describe where everyone was, describe Robbs victories and where Tywin was and why. It would have reminded non book fans exactly what happened in S1 and what the situation was in the war. That would have been a great way to open the series IMO.
It all just feels like theres not enough info for non-book readers to follow and book readers are made to have it all suffer unecessary changes.
The Robb love story I won't say too much about except I think they didn't want Robb to be acting out of grief or honour they wanted LOVE to be the motivator for him. Maybe they thought it would be more acceptable in this twilight time to have a tragic love story than have an audience think about the complicated motivations we get from the books. I think it's a shame that they weren't brave enough to let the story stand out for itself than remodel it for the "Twilight" generation.
					
					
							Edited by RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon, 25 May 2012 - 03:24 AM.
3344	The Second Hand	2012-05-24	I would love to spend my time listing ten or fifteen things that David and Dan could do in order to better adapt this show. As we've seen, they have been shockingly true to the novel, but at other times, shockingly adverse to having anything to do with it.With that, my chief complaint is the nonsensical manner in which they change things. Yara? Really? Why is Tyrion so limp when Peter Dinklage can play him so many ways, as if a fiddle? Why do they constantly ignore all of Martin's brilliant little touches and instead choose to stamp the series with their awful writing? It's painful to watch. Really.
3345	teemo	2012-05-24	I would love to spend my time listing ten or fifteen things that David and Dan could do in order to better adapt this show. As we've seen, they have been shockingly true to the novel, but at other times, shockingly adverse to having anything to do with it.With that, my chief complaint is the nonsensical manner in which they change things. Yara? Really? Why is Tyrion so limp when Peter Dinklage can play him so many ways, as if a fiddle? Why do they constantly ignore all of Martin's brilliant little touches and instead choose to stamp the series with their awful writing? It's painful to watch. Really.I agree.  Sometimes the dialogue is so great, taken straight from the books or even adjusted a little bit in their own way that works.  Other times they do that and all of the sudden they throw something random in there that just kind of ruins it.  Like Yara/Theon conversation.  I was loving it.  It was very similar to the books, Yara was actually a good actress this time, and then.....they throw in this cheesy part at the end about Yara watching Theon as a baby.  I really didn't see the point of adding that...little cheesy additions like that bother me.
3346	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-24	I agree.  Sometimes the dialogue is so great, taken straight from the books or even adjusted a little bit in their own way that works.  Other times they do that and all of the sudden they throw something random in there that just kind of ruins it.  Like Yara/Theon conversation.  I was loving it.  It was very similar to the books, Yara was actually a good actress this time, and then.....they throw in this cheesy part at the end about Yara watching Theon as a baby.  I really didn't see the point of adding that...little cheesy additions like that bother me.I sorta felt that way, too, but then I saw this on another thread...Can't take credit for this, a friend pointed it out to me today, but Yara's speech to Theon was such a huge nod/foreshadowing to the books.  In the show, she tells him that "you looked up... and smiled at me."  My friend pointed out that in Dance, when Theon finally meets up with Asha, he is down on his knees.  She doesn't recognize him until he looks up, smiles, and says "hello sister."
3347	SerMixalot	2012-05-24	I freely admit that I cannot objectively review GoT on HBO.  The source material is to close to my heart. When I watch the series I am too busy obsessing over changes etc.  I just cant say whether the series is a hit or not. For me, even with all the changes it is a hit.  I truly hope they get 7 or 8 seasons out of it to tell the entire tale.
Are the changes hurting or helping the series?  I dont know and again I cant be objective about it.  Some things seem nonsensical to me, but to a non reader perhaps they work.  Hearing how non readers think Arya is the badass she is in the book surprises me and in that case is great cause that increases the chance of having a succesful show.
I truly hope that GoT is successful for a long time. It is an incredible reimagining of an entire genre generating wide appeal for something I love which means more great stories and shows in the future-would LOVE a movie or series on the Thomas Covenant Chronicles.  So here's to the success of GoT
3348	bikie	2012-05-24	I freely admit that I cannot objectively review GoT on HBO. The source material is to close to my heart. When I watch the series I am too busy obsessing over changes etc. I just cant say whether the series is a hit or not. For me, even with all the changes it is a hit. I truly hope they get 7 or 8 seasons out of it to tell the entire tale. Are the changes hurting or helping the series?this is how I feel as well. I have tried to temper my criticism because I watched the 1st season without having read any of the books, and then read them all during the interim and now season 2 has been a completely different experience... I sometimes am penalized for waiting for a particular scene from the book to appear in the show (such as "hot pie!!) and then being flustered if the scene isn't included...all that said, there are still some issues with season 2 that I feel are unacceptable under any circumstances of quality creativity... the stupidity of the guard going into the cage after jaime kills the lannister cousin, osha stealing bread in the middle of the day, feet away from theon, etc,other things such as character motivations (cat and robb acting as they did without the emotions of the news that bran and rickon were dead) (littlefinger being so bold, jon snow being so inept) are issues I feel I'm overly critical of having read the books...
3349	madman2711	2012-05-24	Are the changes hurting or helping the series?  I dont know and again I cant be objective about it.  Some things seem nonsensical to me, but to a non reader perhaps they work.  Hearing how non readers think Arya is the badass she is in the book surprises me and in that case is great cause that increases the chance of having a  Probably she will kill her targets with the power of her witt  and they will commit suicide
3350	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-05-24	Well, I won't get into details of why I "force" them to watch the show (basically - they do it voluntarily because they know how much I like it, but I still feel like I'm forcing them at times).  I watch the show because for the most part because I love it.  This past episode really blew my mind, I thought it was awesome how they were able to correct a lot of previous errors and bring a lot of things together nicely.  There was definitely some good writing, and a lot of dialogue pulled from the books, which I also appreciate.  I also love Theon's arc, Jaime and Brienne, Sansa, Tyrion, Arya, pretty much everyone except for Robb's storyline.  Just because I am really frustrated by that part of the show, does that mean I should stop watching it?  Apparently, you think so, and the comment is a little rude.  I guess every time I'm frustrated with any aspect of a show I should just stop watching it completely.You misunderstood my statement. I was honestly not trying to be rude, but simply asking a question. I understand your position, because this happened to me in the past with a book series I adored that was badly adapted for television. It eventually came to a point where the tv series was ruining the books for me, so I stopped watching. It was nice to be not be upset every week over an episode, and I stuck to re-reading the books. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />I also have a freind that knows how much I adore ASOIAF, and decided to watch the show with me. They complained so much about the show, which was already upsetting me somewhat, that I asked them to stop viewing it with me, and my viewing experience has improved greatly.  This is 'nitpick without repercussion'. See the rest of the forum for jumping down people's throats about their opinions. Except Rhymes, it's all fun and games there /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />You also misunderstood me. I agree with a few of the opinions here, which is why I was reading the thread.
3351	teemo	2012-05-24	You misunderstood my statement. I was honestly not trying to be rude, but simply asking a question. I understand your position, because this happened to me in the past with a book series I adored that was badly adapted for television. It eventually came to a point where the tv series was ruining the books for me, so I stopped watching. It was nice to be not be upset every week over an episode, and I stuck to re-reading the books. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />I also have a freind that knows how much I adore ASOIAF, and decided to watch the show with me. They complained so much about the show, which was already upsetting me somewhat, that I asked them to stop viewing it with me, and my viewing experience has improved greatly.  Sorry, sometimes it's difficult to tell when people are honestly not trying to be rude vs. making a snarky comment, so I apologize.  Well, my boyfriend knows I am obsessed with ASOIAF and watches it because of that, even though I've told him, "forget it, just stop watching it with me," but he doesn't so my feelings won't get hurt, I guess.  I don't know.  He doesn't complain during the episode, but at the end he always makes snarky remarks like, "wow, awesome, another soap opera of rich people bitching."  I hope the Blackwater Bay episode will be a little more thrilling to him.
3352	Davos55	2012-05-25	Sorry, sometimes it's difficult to tell when people are honestly not trying to be rude vs. making a snarky comment, so I apologize.  Well, my boyfriend knows I am obsessed with ASOIAF and watches it because of that, even though I've told him, "forget it, just stop watching it with me," but he doesn't so my feelings won't get hurt, I guess.  I don't know.  He doesn't complain during the episode, but at the end he always makes snarky remarks like, "wow, awesome, another soap opera of rich people bitching."  I hope the Blackwater Bay episode will be a little more thrilling to him.I have had a similar experience when watching with some people and I agree, it does get annoying sometimes! The worst is trying to watch with somebody who hasn't seen any previous episodes, but that is understandable I suppose.The Blackwater episode should be thrilling enough for any viewer! I plan on watching it with some nonbook fans when it airs (I surely hope so) and I have been hyping it up..it should live up to it!
3353	teemo	2012-05-25	I have had a similar experience when watching with some people and I agree, it does get annoying sometimes! The worst is trying to watch with somebody who hasn't seen any previous episodes, but that is understandable I suppose.The Blackwater episode should be thrilling enough for any viewer! I plan on watching it with some nonbook fans when it airs (I surely hope so) and I have been hyping it up..it should live up to it!/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Yeah, I have very high expectations for this episode now, because I have been telling my boyfriend all week how it's going to the coolest, most badass episode yet.  I don't think he believes me....so I really, really hope it's not lame!  lol.  I'm sure the writing will be great because it's GRRM's baby, but I'm worried about budgetary restrictions.  I know they allocated a huge portion of their budget to this episode though, so it will probably be on a rather large scale.  Watch Tyrion and Davos pass out at the beginning of the battle and then it pans to the aftermath.  lol.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 25 May 2012 - 11:48 AM.
3354	Davos55	2012-05-25	/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Yeah, I have very high expectations for this episode now, because I have been telling my boyfriend all week how it's going to the coolest, most badass episode yet. I don't think he believes me....so I really, really hope it's not lame! lol. I'm sure the writing will be great because it's GRRM's baby, but I'm worried about budgetary restrictions. I know they allocated a huge portion of their budget to this episode though, so it will probably be on a rather large scale. Watch Tyrion and Davos pass out at the beginning of the battle and then it pans to the aftermath. lol.I have also been hyping it as the most badass one ever haha. I don't have a significant other to please but I do have some friends who I would like to get into the show, so I hope it works out for both of us!  I really liked GRRM's episode last season, and I definitely hope this season is even better! Judging from the previews it looks like there will be some pretty big on foot battles.  I am not sure how they are going to do the naval aspects and the wildfire with a tv budget.  Does anybody know just how much the budget is for this episode? Or how much larger the budget is compared to the other episodes this season??
3355	LordofWinter	2012-05-25	Why do they constantly ignore all of Martin's brilliant little touches and instead choose to stamp the series with their awful writing? It's painful to watch. Really.agreed. there are so many examples of this. and alot of them are so simple that not including them can't look like anything else except a thumbing of their noses. don't get me wrong i understand that certain things just don't work on screen, or don't fit into the timeline or budget. But it's the small things that have no reason to be changed that really upset people ie. renly's peach, stannis making davos hand far too early, seeing stannis runks mel, jaime not calling brienne wench within the first 20 mins they know each other (this particularly upset me, as i had fond memories of brienne and jaime trading wench's and kingslayer's for their first few pages together. don't get me wrong the show has gotten the feel of their relationship down, but wench is as much of a needed 'catchphrase' as it is known, you know nothing, and this i know oh ohh ohh.) i understand wanting to separate your work from the original, but that's not really how an adaptation works. they should have said "loosely based upon" a friend of mine who just started aCoK is about 4 chapters in and called me up to say two things, 1-he is starting to hate the show because he's realizing the things that are slightly confusing or make little to no sense in the show are mainly that way because they are not supposed to be that way ie sansa/shae, tyrion/cersei, tywin/arya, robb/talisa and 2- he questions whether or not the writers for the show spent the appropriate amount of time reading through the books because they seemed to have missed some very obvious plot points and tones.
3356	madman2711	2012-05-25	I think that D&D belive they are perfecting GRRM work 
I dont see it that way but some appologists belive they are doing a great job
I think they should call it not adaptation but D&D personal view /version of asoiaf
I love the show i enjoy KL/ Wf/ even Nw 
But i really belive that danny and arya story were too much "improved" 
Robb and Cat i dont want to start
3357	madman2711	2012-05-26	Dont you have a thread for praising the show 
You know you are bitching about the bitchers so yourself are a bitcher
3358	The GreatRon	2012-05-26	This season is just meh for me, not for deviation reasons, its just not drawing me in like season 1 did.
3359	scurvy	2012-05-22	It seems as if they've written Baristan Selmy out of the season.  It's a real shame because the fact that he's hiding in plain sight for so long really is cool IMO.  To have him show up and reveal himself quickly next season just blows the whole thing.  Now, on a show with the same actor appearing the credits people will figure it out I guess, but if they're just saving a paycheck to a second tier character at this point to make Dany's storyline stupid in the meanwhile, I just say boo!
3360	Impish	2012-05-23	I'm not so sure.. the fact that Jaime just mentioned him in his Kingswood story seems like they want to remind the audience of him again, so I wouldn't be surprised if he makes an appearance in Ep10. We can hope anyway. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3361	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-23	Er, what are you complaining about exactly? It makes sense for the actor to appear next season, there's no point having him appear for 5-10 minutes in one episode when he's set to become a series regular down the line.
If he turns up at the end of episode 10, great. If Dany's story ends on a cliffhanger this season with her fleeing the burning House of the Undying- and they decide to hold off introducing Artsan til next season- that's also great.
3362	turdle	2012-05-23	yeah, i actually think it might be for the best if selmy doesn't show up for another year. give more time for people to forget what he looks like so they can actually try to make the trick work on the audience. but in the age of the internet, once one person figures out it's "that same guy from season 1" the jig is up. hopefully they can make him different looking enough.
3363	Hyper	2012-05-23	yeah, i actually think it might be for the best if selmy doesn't show up for another year. give more time for people to forget what he looks like so they can actually try to make the trick work on the audience. but in the age of the internet, once one person figures out it's "that same guy from season 1" the jig is up. hopefully they can make him different looking enough.I'd rather have them drop the whole "whitebeard" disguise. Nobody will be fooled. Just have him offer his services as himself.
3364	Reposado	2012-05-23	yeah, i actually think it might be for the best if selmy doesn't show up for another year. give more time for people to forget what he looks like so they can actually try to make the trick work on the audience. but in the age of the internet, once one person figures out it's "that same guy from season 1" the jig is up. hopefully they can make him different looking enough.i doubt very many people will not recognize himI'd rather have them drop the whole "whitebeard" disguise. Nobody will be fooled. Just have him offer his services as himself.hmm, the audience will not be fooled buy daeny still could. that's a good source of tension, when we know something she doesnt
3365	Brucolac	2012-05-23	The ship with a good captain bound for astapor is almost certainly going to have him on it.
3366	Hyper	2012-05-23	The ship with a good captain bound for astapor is almost certainly going to have him on it.Not necessarily. They could meet him in Astapor.
3367	turdle	2012-05-23	i doubt very many people will not recognize himi bet a lot of people will not remember that he was ser beriston selmy of the kings guard in kings landing 2 years ago... at least initially.  they might recognize his face as an actor they've seen before but i bet a lot of non-readers would not be able to place exactly where they know him from without help and/or rewatching season 1.  people can barely remember who half of the characters are that just pop in and out every so often.
3368	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	I'd rather have them drop the whole "whitebeard" disguise. Nobody will be fooled. Just have him offer his services as himself.Dany would certainly be fooled: sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s never met him.
3369	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-23	They might not even reach the boat this season. Dany's last scene might be her fleeing the House of the Undying. Cliffhanger and that.Well anyway, according to a recent picture from Twitter, the actor is working on that beard!http://i.imgur.com/KNIPR.jpg
3370	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-23	It seems as if they've written Baristan Selmy out of the season.Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no evidence of that yet.  Your â<U+0080><U+009C>seemsâ<U+0080><U+009D> is figmentational â<U+0080><U+0094> for the time being.In the books,  she doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t meet Ser Barristan until after the House of the Undying goes up in smoke, when he arrives with three caravels to take her back to Magister Ludi, I mean Illirio.I suspect that things wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work out quite that same way this time around. If Chekovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Treasure Vault isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t empty, it may provide the means for her to buy her own ships without Pentoshi aid.I have know idea where that puts Ser Barristan, though.
3371	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Dany would certainly be fooled: sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s never met him.Dany will scare him off with her fire and blood speech.
3372	Hyper	2012-05-23	Dany would certainly be fooled: sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s never met him.Of course. I'm referring to us viewers. Keeping up the charade of her not knowing who he is for a season or more would be tiring - especially when we know they are allies.
3373	turdle	2012-05-23	Of course. I'm referring to us viewers. Keeping up the charade of her not knowing who he is for a season or more would be tiring - especially when we know they are allies.i agree a full season would be way too much. but they could introduce him in one episode, and then perhaps as the ending of that episode have some sort of reveal for the audience.
3374	Tyrion Blackfyre	2012-05-23	i bet a lot of people will not remember that he was ser beriston selmy of the kings guard in kings landing 2 years ago... at least initially. they might recognize his face as an actor they've seen before but i bet a lot of non-readers would not be able to place exactly where they know him from without help and/or rewatching season 1. people can barely remember who half of the characters are that just pop in and out every so often.I feel like quite a few people can still be tricked if he has the ol whitebeard. Some of my friends have trouble remembering who Stannis is, let alone any of the members of the kingsguard
3375	Mulled Wino	2012-05-24	As long as Strong Belwas exists on the tv show, im cool with however they play Selmy.
3376	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-24	No way they're taking out Barristan.. it's likely they'll meet at a different point in the story, but he's instrumental to later developments in Mereen.This is what I'd do if I were writing it.Jorah [pulls Selmy aside and pushes him up against a wall or something]: I know who you are, you aren't fooling me.  You're barristan Selmy.Selmy [pushes Jorah back with a surprising display of strength and dexterity for his apparent age]: you got me.  I hate Joffrey now, so here I am, ready to serve.  I also know all about some of your letters, so...'.Jorah: Touche.  I still hate you.  Here I stand.Selmy: I hate you too.   One misstep and I'll slice you like cake.They glare at each other.  Dany shows up.  They both act normal and change the subject/whistle.Dany: tell me a story about Westeros and how awesome my father was.  I command you!Selmy: It's true, your father had moments of awesomeness, sometimes, depending on who you ask.Dany: I knew it.  He was awesome!Selmy: yeah....Jorah walks away, sulking.  Then every subsequent scene they have together they just eye each other suspiciously.They could give us this scene in the finale, or in the first ep of S3.  Problem solved!
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 24 May 2012 - 01:02 PM.
3377	Tadco26	2012-05-25	I do think it is a bit odd if he doesn't show up this season.  Not just because of the story line, but because it seems it would be hard to guarantee the actor would come back at all if he doesn't work for an entire year.  That is one of the main reasons they added all the scenes for Jaime, Robb and Littlefinger this season, so the actors would have something to do.
3378	Biobiwan	2012-05-25	It appears that Ser Ilyn is making a cameo this weekend why couldnt Ser Barristan next?
3379	Arkash	2012-05-25	Valar Morghulis is a very secret episode, anything is still possible  !
3380	Septon Meribald	2012-05-25	As far as the story goes he wouldn't have been introduced yet unless they altered it. From an actor's standpoint it is difficult to hold on to an actor that you don't use for a full year, but the promise of an expanded role over what he had first season for the indefinite future is a good enticement. From a budgetary standpoint it's cheaper to have less actors, so holding off until next season would make sense. When you put it all together and take into account that he hasn't showed up yet I think it is likely he'll show up in the final episode and a scene similar to the books will play out. He foils an assassination attempt, declares himself Arstan Whitebeard and then gives the lead in for her story next season as he reveals the ships awaiting her.
3381	Gannicus	2012-05-25	I didn't think appeared until the end of the second book. And he doesn't reveal himself to Dany until a Strom of Swords. We're right on schedule.
3382	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-25	It appears that Ser Ilyn is making a cameo this weekend why couldnt Ser Barristan next?Me, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d call Ser Ilyn showing up in â<U+0080><U+009C>Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D> more of an appearance than I would a cameo,  per se.A cameo would be like Dany having a vision of dead-Drogo-alive or dead-Ned-alive, while sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s flailing about in her shade-of-the-evening azure trippiness in the House of the Undying during this seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s last episode, â<U+0080><U+009C>Valar Morghulisâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
3383	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-25	Valar Morghulis is a very secret episode, anything is still possible !Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s interesting. What might you be meaning when you say  that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a â<U+0080><U+009C>very secret episodeâ<U+0080><U+009D>? Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve released an episode mini-summary for the various TV viewersâ<U+0080><U+0099> guides, so Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not how it can be very secret.
3384	madman2711	2012-05-25	ThatÂ<U+0092>s interesting. What might you be meaning when you say  that itÂ<U+0092>s a Â<U+0093>very secret episodeÂ<U+0094>? TheyÂ<U+0092>ve released an episode mini-summary for the various TV viewersÂ<U+0092> guides, so IÂ<U+0092>m not how it can be very secret.Probably danny will get a fourth dragon as the final cliffhanger
3385	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-25	Last season ended with all our characters setting out on a new journey: Robb to war, Arya setting out in the NW caravan, Jon riding beyong the Wall, Tyrion sent to King's Landing to be Hand, Dany birthing the dragons. I think this season will be the same: Jon going off with the wildlings, Arya meeting the brotherhood, Jaime and Brienne we've seen, Tyrion adjusting to Tywin's arrival, And, I hope, Dany setting sail to Astapor with Arstan and Strong Belwas.
3386	Magjee	2012-05-21	This one really annoyed me.
How did they manage to sneak back into the castle?
Osha in plain sight entering the crypts.
Maybe a fun twist for the TV audience, but for readers it feels sloppy
3387	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-21	It is their castle so I guess they know it very well. We do not need to see everything. i had no problem with it at all. When we do not have Alalaya ect  not seen bran and Co getting to the cript is not such a big deal IMHO.
3388	summer_stark	2012-05-21	heh.  i like and dislike this move.  i like it b/c i really wanted them to go to the crypts.  dislike it b/c the way they did it in the show didn't make a ton of sense.  while watching their escape last week i held out hope that they'd backtrack to the crypts, but dismissed the idea as silly b/c either a) they'd run into theon and co on the road, or /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> they'd be tracked wherever they went. 
the river thing makes some sense though, so at least they tried to explain it.  but osha just wandering around the castle -- blatantly in view of anyone looking, which in this case was only luwin?  seems contrived.  still, i'll take it over a weird escape.  that way they can be there for the sack etc, and hopefully see it through summer's eyes, which i'm happy about
3389	Reposado	2012-05-21	It is their castle so I guess they know it very well. We do not need to see everything. i had no problem with it at all. When we do not have Alalaya ect not seen bran and Co getting to the cript is not such a big deal IMHO.this is basically saying, "when they have massive plot holes, small ones aren't so bad."i'm not worried about how they got back into the castle, even though ironmen were guarding it as much as how hodor and rickon outran men on horseback for an entire day
3390	Mulled Wino	2012-05-21	They left and came back in the books too.  
I agree with the poster that wanted to know how they avoided the horses for a whole day.
Remember there's only like 20 ironborn in th whole castle.
3391	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-21	The whole "Luwin seeing Osha as she sneaked back into the crypts" scene was cringe worthy.
3392	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	Did they leave and come back?  I thought they sent the dogs out to make a fake trail?
3393	Buttered Turnip	2012-05-21	As a book reader it didn't bother me because as I remember, this is what happened in the books....they left and then backtracked through the stream.
The only difference is that when i read the books I imagined that they left winterfell and backtracked that same night and were already in the crypts when Theon and Reek went searching for them.
3394	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	As a book reader it didn't bother me because as I remember, this is what happened in the books....they left and then backtracked through the stream. The only difference is that when i read the books I imagined that they left winterfell and backtracked that same night and were already in the crypts when Theon and Reek went searching for them.that is what happened.  They went to the edge of the woods, sent the direwolves on and backtracked to the castle, all before theon even set off. for me this is a small issue, i can easily overlook it, B&R are where they are supposed to be for the sack of winterfell
3395	Faraday	2012-05-21	The whole "Luwin seeing Osha as she sneaked back into the crypts" scene was cringe worthy.Yeah. Fucking hell, there'd be absolutely no reason for her to sneak out in the middle of the day to steal food? It was a pretty contrived way of having Luwin figure out what happened. Ew.
3396	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	It's also a little annoying because in the books Luwin knew the bodies weren't Bran and Rickon.  I liked that he wasn't fooled.  although it did make one question why he didn't send a raven to Cat and Robb to share that with them!
3397	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	umm did luwin know in the books that the bodies werent?  all that were left were flayed heads dipped in tar.  I thought he was suprised when the found him dying in the greatwood
3398	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-21	No, Luwin knew.  He saw the legs.  None were atrophies from disuse, as Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s would have been.
3399	turdle	2012-05-21	the issue for me, is that, in the book, they both leave and return before they are suspected of being gone. but in the tv show, we see that they are still out and about after it's been discovered that they are gone.  seems like it would be near impossible to get back without being spotted, but whatever.
3400	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	We did not need to see it, already enough needless stuff in this ep. Bran knows that castle like the back of his hand. Theon also snuck because he knows the castle well. The Bran storyline is a bore at this moment. They need to keep him off screen until the dreadfort men show up which is like season 3. More time for Stannis and Kings landing scenes
3401	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-21	umm did luwin know in the books that the bodies werent? all that were left were flayed heads dipped in tar. I thought he was suprised when the found him dying in the greatwoodIn the books the bodies were tarred and feathered for posterity. So the legs could be seen, in the show they were burnt so Luwin would not be able to figure it out
3402	Mad Queen	2012-05-21	I was so happy they are hiding in the crypts I'm willing to forgive anything. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I thought they wouldn't and I really want to see them leave the crypts to find Winterfell burned and Maester Luwin dying.
3403	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	In the books the bodies were tarred and feathered for posterity. So the legs could be seen, in the show they were burnt so Luwin would not be able to figure it outi remember reading that he flayed and mounted the skulls and burned the bodies, he took the melted direwolf thingie from the fire.  could have been after bringing the tarred bodies back to winterfell i suppose
3404	SerMixalot	2012-05-21	again, all in all, i think the writers did a great job on the winterfell storyline throughout the season
3405	Magjee	2012-05-22	The whole "Luwin seeing Osha as she sneaked back into the crypts" scene was cringe worthy.In the middle of the day no less, while Theon is in the courtyard.At least be sneaky about sneaking.
3406	Mulled Wino	2012-05-22	again, all in all, i think the writers did a great job on the winterfell storyline throughout the seasoni totally agree.  look, they need to have leuwin around later on to take rickon, and if they have to throw in a questionable scene to keep that guy around, im all for it.  it didn't mess up the integrity of the story at all imo and like someone already said, as long as they got back to the crypts, I'm all good.
3407	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-24	I just figured they slipped back in at night. Even if the place is guarded, guards fall asleep at some point. We don't need to be spoonfed that. Best to leave it up to the imagination of how they got back in.
3408	sennahoj	2012-05-24	When I saw them on the run in the episode before I thougt the "hiding in the crypts" bit was cut. I can understand why they were shown near the farm, so at least some viewers were fooled about the identitiy of the corpses. But I didn't find it logical to be on the run with the wolves and then turn back, sneak back into the castle and not be caught. But then, hey, Osha is a Wildling. She can probably do anything.
3409	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-24	Remember that Bran knows the secret passageways in Winterfellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s walls.
3410	protar	2012-05-24	This change makes me think that they might be postponing the Sack of Winterfell until S3, simply because I can't see any other reason why they wouldn't leave the reveal of Bran and Rickon until then. It'd make a great twist for the season finale whereas here it fell rather flat. But that would be explained if it would've meant waiting a year for the reveal.
3411	High_Heart_Hag	2012-05-24	It's also a little annoying because in the books Luwin knew the bodies weren't Bran and Rickon.  I liked that he wasn't fooled.  although it did make one question why he didn't send a raven to Cat and Robb to share that with them!Of course Luwin didn't send word to Robb and Catelyn.  Theon killed the ravens!  ... and took all the horses!  Couldn't help but laugh a little at how pitiful it all sounded.My biggest concern was how well non-book readers would grasp that Osha and kids were hiding in the crypts. It's the first time they've been shown since last season. Cringeworthy all around.  But having Luwin find them lends credence to the theory that he may take Osha's place with Rickon after Winterfell's sacked. Of course, if Skagos is another red herring, who needs the old man past season 2?
3412	madman2711	2012-05-24	I would vision the last part of winterfell story in ep 10 like
Theon gets word if an aproaching northmen army and that he is surrounded and luwin gets his "take the black speach" theon then push him to the ground and raises his sword 
Cut to later scene when bran wargs summer into winterfell burning and deserted then they exit the crypts and they find the agonising luwin that instructs them to find the reeds / go to skagos or something similar
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 24 May 2012 - 11:39 AM.
3413	thegooddoctor	2012-05-24	Of course Luwin didn't send word to Robb and Catelyn. Theon killed the ravens! ... and took all the horses! Couldn't help but laugh a little at how pitiful it all sounded. My biggest concern was how well non-book readers would grasp that Osha and kids were hiding in the crypts. It's the first time they've been shown since last season. Cringeworthy all around. But having Luwin find them lends credence to the theory that he may take Osha's place with Rickon after Winterfell's sacked. Of course, if Skagos is another red herring, who needs the old man past season 2?I suspect Luwin will go with Bran and Osha will stay with Rickon, at least if the Rickon being on Skagos has any long term implications.  Wouldn't make sense for a maester to be accepted on Skagos. Was cringeworthy, but I believe Osha left the crypts to get food in the book as well.
3414	teemo	2012-05-22	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-8:I loved this episode.Stats for this episode:Average length of a scene - 3:19Longest scene - Robb in tent (7:42), followed by Cersei and Tyrion fighting (6:04)Most screen-time overall - Tyrion Lannister (15:16), followed by Robb Stark (11:54)Tyrion Lannister - 67:41Arya Stark - 56:34Jon Snow - 43:13Theon Greyjoy - 42:35Daenerys Targaryen - 40:02Cersei Lannister - 35:29Catelyn Stark - 34:11 Robb Stark - 32:09Varys - 29:08Davos Seaworth - 28:27Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 28:25Brienne Tarth - 27:08Sansa Stark - 24:21Stannis Baratheon - 23:06Gendry - 21:59Joffrey Baratheon - 21:10Renly Baratheon - 20:43Tywin Lannister - 20:19Bran Stark - 20:12Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 19:53Melisandre - 18:32Jaime Lannister - 17:51Samwell Tarly - 16:16Sandor Clegane/The Hound - 12:43Ros - 12:23 Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 12:02Shae - 11:40Margaery Tyrell - 11:37Loras Tyrell - 9:31Grand Maester Pycelle - 8:17Balon Greyjoy - 7:34Roose Bolton - 6:08
3415	protar	2012-05-23	Thanks for taking the time to do this hk47, we all appreciate it.
It still seems wrong that Roose has gotten so little screen time. Also would a screen time for Talisa be possible?
					
					
							Edited by protar, 23 May 2012 - 07:38 AM.
3416	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-23	It still seems wrong that Roose has gotten so little screen time.Robb's scenes (few as they are) seem to be generally split between interacting with Roose and interacting with Talisa, with the odd deviation into seeing his mother, Jaime, and Theon.It makes sense, given the time constraints, but I feel they've wasted Roose a bit in S2. He's been very subtly set up as the most formidable commander at Robb's disposal (he's mountains more intelligent/cultured/well-spoken/ruthless than Robb's other northern comrades), but I'm not sure if it's been obvious enough yet. Conversely, Book!Roose is set up as a morally questionable badass from the moment he usurps Harrenhal and feeds the guy who butchered Yoren (and Princess Rhaenys) to a bear. While sipping wine.  I wonder if we'll see more of Roose in episode ten. He's a pet favourite of mine, and I actually love how Michael McElhatton portrays him. Easily one of my favourites on the show, too.
3417	Sam2Sexy	2012-05-23	I wish Sansa would get less screen time.  Sansa's scenes are basically just talk, talk, and more talking.  Her character bores me.  I would like to see more time focused on Daenerys, Ser Jorah, Qarth, and north of the Wall.
3418	Mulled Wino	2012-05-23	thx HK,
any info on Ygritte?
3419	kephv	2012-05-23	I wish Sansa would get less screen time. Sansa's scenes are basically just talk, talk, and more talking.Most scenes are just talk. I wish Sansa had more screen time. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3420	Dragon Peppers	2012-05-23	I too wanted to express my appreciation to hk47 for compiling and posting this info for us each week. It has been quite insightful to see how screen time shakes out over the course of the season!
(null)
3421	scurvy	2012-05-23	Thanks again. This is great. 
I'm for more Sansa and the Hound/Ser Dantos.  I'm sure we'll see some this week. But wish there had been more at the expense of LF and Robb. More Cat too would have been nice.
3422	Warden of the North121	2012-05-23	This thread is awesome, thanks a lot for devoting time to it.
Anyway, Dany has had way too much screen time. The only interesting chapters she has in the book (the last two: HotU and then Belwas and Barristan arriving) haven't even been shown yet. They needed more Stannis to flesh out his character (like the scene in the last episode). I guess we'll have him around for a long time so they'll flesh him out more in the coming seasons. Sansa should have gotten more too. Sophie Turner has been killing it as Sansa, not too mention she's absolutely beautiful.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 23 May 2012 - 03:11 PM.
3423	Davos55	2012-05-23	hk47..you truly rock! Week in and week out you do this, I and so many others greatly appreciate it. You are the best! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I second Jaime, Roose needs more screentime!! He is amazing and I wish he had some more significant scenes other than him being there before Talisa shows up.  Unless somehow this is a setup to something?
He is definitely one of my favorite characters and would love to see more of him.
Man, Robb jumped up high this week..as expected by that ridiculously long tent scene with him! I don't like him having more time than Sansa or Bran..but to each their own with that one.
I love Sansa personally, and I think Sophie Turner is really doing a great job with her character.  She is growing into the role very well and is a very beautiful young actress.
Once again,thanks hk47..I wonder how much time Tyrion will have after Sunday!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 23 May 2012 - 11:37 PM.
3424	victim	2012-05-21	I noticed he got a good mention by Cersei in the Tyrion/Ros scene, and after it I was expecting to see him a little bit more to set up the character before next episode. We didn't though, and now it seems to be little more than a reference to a character currently being played by a featured extra. 
So how should his betrayal of Tyrion unfold in next weeks episode? Well, chances are it won't and I can recall someone suggesting Meryn Trant should take his place which seems like a good enough idea -- audiences have already seen him being a lacklustre guardsmen who follows Cersei and Joffrey unquestionably while also having a general dislike for Tyrion. So this idea makes sense and is helped by the fact that audiences probably already dislike the fellow.
Yet, the mention had to be for some reason outside of adding a little bit to the world. Cersei could have said Ser Arys or Ser Boros to get audiences more familiar with characters who become important later. So, I'm thinking that perhaps Moore has been cast for a kind of one-episode arc where he is told it is his duty to protect Tyrion, only to betray him for Cersei. I can't see any other point of him being mentioned outside of this; and it's in many small ways similar to mentioning the Bastard of Bolton.
What we do know however is how vital that scene is to Tyrion's storyline, so I'm pretty sure it's going to happen. As in, I'm not expecting him to run into battle only be accidentally knocked unconscious again. I guess it all depends on how much exposition at King's Landing we get before the actual battle begins.
3425	Arkash	2012-05-21	Yeah, it intrigued me too, but I guess it was just for fun, he's not an important show character I guess, but maybe I'm wrong.
3426	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-21	Trant would be a good replacement. In the books I think we only get a couple mentions of Moore so it's not really a gigantic change. Just have Moore continue doing what trant does. Cause I can't think of anything Trant does that is really important. All the dude does is gaurd stuff and slap around Sansa
3427	Reposado	2012-05-21	We also got Pod introduced as well, so I'm guessing that's a mini arc. Plus, a spot needs to open in the kingsguard
3428	victim	2012-05-21	We also got Pod introduced as well, so I'm guessing that's a mini arc. Plus, a spot needs to open in the kingsguardDoes it though? The Hound leaves which gives Loras room to join, who else joins? My memory has failed me.Edit: I just remembered Osmund Kettleblack. He hasn't been in the show yet but that could be a very good way of introducing that family in early season 3 -- especially if Littlefinger suggests his induction.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 21 May 2012 - 08:19 AM.
3429	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	Osmund Kettleblack!  And maybe Lancel and Moonboy for all we know!
3430	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-21	The mention Ser Mandon Moore to establish him as Cersei's man.  Otherwise, they'd have to spend too much time explaining a future event.
3431	Crown	2012-05-21	I don't think the majority of the non-book readers even heard the name, and they will definitely not remember it next week.
3432	Carne	2012-05-21	Meryn Trant sounds like the most reasonable replacement. I can see that happening.
3433	jarl the climber	2012-05-21	The only problem with Trant is that he is on Aryas list, at least in the books, for killing Syrio.
3434	Patchface12	2012-05-21	I honestly didn't care when I thought he'd been cut. I just figured Tyrion would be wounded by one of Stannis's men and he'd be completely removed from the show.
Or they'll just mention offhand how he died in battle (plus we'll know the Hound deserted) giving us a reason to put Loras on the KG and introduce Kettleblack next season.
So long Preston Greenfield, arguably one of the least important characters in the entire series.
3435	TheOnionKnight	2012-05-21	Balon Swann gets a White Cloak along with Loras.  He was at least name dropped by Jaime, despite not being in the show yet.
3436	Tourniquet	2012-05-21	The only problem with Trant is that he is on Aryas list, at least in the books, for killing Syrio.She barely ever recites the list anymore...
3437	clarkside	2012-05-21	She barely ever recites the list anymore...The list has been one of the best elements of the show that has been handled most poorly. Such a shame.Arya's and Dany's chapters were my some of  my favourites in CoK and SoS but they have suffered the most from 'artistic license' in the TV show. Hope things get back on track in season 3.
3438	Frumpus	2012-05-21	I still think Mandon Moore will try to get Tyrion killed. They can't just namedrop a kingsguard and then pretend he doesn't exist later on. I don't think it'll be Meryn Trant since they need him to stick around. Poor Arys Oakheart, we saw him (being played by an extra) on the boat with Myrcella, but his name has never been mentioned on the show. Boros Blount has been mentioned but not seen as far as I know.
3439	Fragile Bird	2012-05-21	I noticed Ser Mandon Moore mentioned also.  Made my ears prick up.  So I think it will be Moore who rides out with Tyrion, fights beside him, and then looks for the opportunity to kill him.  He and Tyrion might have a little chat while sitting on their horses waiting to go out to the battle, filling in some detail.  Moore didn't play much of a role in the books either, until he tried to kill Tyrion.
3440	Fengari	2012-05-21	The list has been one of the best elements of the show that has been handled most poorly. Such a shame.I agree. Wouldn't it have been nice to end every episode with Arya reciting her list over the credits?I noticed Ser Mandon Moore mentioned also. Made my ears prick up. So I think it will be Moore who rides out with Tyrion, fights beside him, and then looks for the opportunity to kill him. He and Tyrion might have a little chat while sitting on their horses waiting to go out to the battle, filling in some detail. Moore didn't play much of a role in the books either, until he tried to kill Tyrion.Sounds very plausible.
3441	Jolene Brown	2012-05-21	I kept thinking Moore was Meryn Trant until right about when he tried to kill Tyrion and I looked at the name more carefully!
3442	Lexicdark	2012-05-21	I had kinda forgoten about Moore, and just assumed that they were going to have someone else do the betrayal.  But when I heard that, I started wondering if I was correct.  I just hope they still show it as a betrayal and that the guy is actually trying to kill Tyrion, not just some dumb accident.
3443	TheSwordOfTheEvening	2012-05-21	Moore's not too important, just show a guy in Kingsguard armour trying to kill Tyrion and we'll get the message.
I like the Meryn Trant replacement someone mentioned, truly a cunt who should die
3444	Morvran	2012-05-22	Osmund Kettleblack! And maybe Lancel and Moonboy for all we know!Moonboy...I'm not sure my brain would be able to handle hearing Moonboy's songs/rhymes played out before me.  I can pretty much guarantee the songs would grate painfully against the way the character sounds in my head.
3445	Evamitchelle	2012-05-22	I have a pet theory that it's actually Littlefinger and not Cersei who told Mandon Moore to kill Tyrion (Moore is from the Vale after all, and I find it weird that Cersei never reflects on her attempted murder of Tyrion if she was indeed responsible) so I hope it's still Mandon Moore who gets to cut off poor Tyrion's nose. There's no real need to know the guy who does the "betraying" anyway, as long as he's wearing KG armour it should be enough I think.
3446	Gendry	2012-05-22	I have a pet theory that it's actually Littlefinger and not Cersei who told Mandon Moore to kill Tyrion (Moore is from the Vale after all, and I find it weird that Cersei never reflects on her attempted murder of Tyrion if she was indeed responsible) so I hope it's still Mandon Moore who gets to cut off poor Tyrion's nose. There's no real need to know the guy who does the "betraying" anyway, as long as he's wearing KG armour it should be enough I think.Curious to see what they do with Tyrion's nose in the show, he isn't the hideous freak that he is described as in the books but he has to walk away from the Blackwater with a permanent scar.
3447	Jolene Brown	2012-05-22	I also am really curious about if we will ever find out who gave Mandon Moore his orders - it could be Cercei, Joffrey, even Tywin, or others.  I hope we do find out, and it's not just forgotten.  I loved the resolution to the Jon Arryn story.  Totally shocked by that.
3448	hiddenaway	2012-05-23	It's not going to be Mandon Moore, because Mandon Moore was not cast this season.  That's why it was just an extra with a helmet on who dragged away Ros.  My money is on Meryn Trant, or they might just scrap that storyline entirely and have Tyrion simply get injured in the course of the battle next week.
Will be weird seing Dinklage permanently disfigured for the rest of the show.  I wonder how dramatic they will make the scar.  Will they go through the makeup work of having him have no nose anymore?  Or just plant a large scar across his face??  My guess is whatever is cheaper and more expedient for the show.
3449	Morvran	2012-05-23	I'm having a hard time believing that HBO will permanently scar their little protagonist.  They've already let him be much 'prettier' than he's supposed to be, and it's worked out well for them.  The audience, both new and bookies, all like him.  I'd be shocked if they take his nose (if for no other reason than the pain-in-the-butt it would be for them to maintain), but I'd love to see *some* sort of scar.
3450	Frumpus	2012-05-23	It's not going to be Mandon Moore, because Mandon Moore was not cast this season. That's why it was just an extra with a helmet on who dragged away Ros. My money is on Meryn Trant, or they might just scrap that storyline entirely and have Tyrion simply get injured in the course of the battle next week. Will be weird seing Dinklage permanently disfigured for the rest of the show. I wonder how dramatic they will make the scar. Will they go through the makeup work of having him have no nose anymore? Or just plant a large scar across his face?? My guess is whatever is cheaper and more expedient for the show.Personally I think they'll just scrap the storyline rather than sacrifice a character. I know that they have a history of killing off characters early on the show, but I can't see the same fate befelling Meryn Trant. Besides, they've hardly shown Podrick Payne all season so it'd probably be disjarring to viewers who wouldn't remember the boy if he showed up and suddenly saved the day.
3451	The Ragged Man	2012-05-23	Yeah, Tyrion will get a scar but keep his nose.
3452	SerMixalot	2012-05-23	Curious to see what they do with Tyrion's nose in the show, he isn't the hideous freak that he is described as in the books but he has to walk away from the Blackwater with a permanent scar.I doubt they will do the nose, but will probably give him some sort of facial scar, easier to do in makeup and wouldnt mess with Dinklage's speech patterns
3453	kingturtle	2012-05-21	Just watched Se2:08/Prince of Winterfell. GoT is too addictive for me and I need to start reading - can someone tell me what chapter in Clash of Kings this episode takes off from? Or maybe what chapters I should be reading from in the book? Thanks much! 
Please excuse this post if it's miscategorized/already answered - I'm a noob and have not been able to find an answer.
3454	Pilz	2012-05-22	The show doesn't match up exactly by chapter or even by book .  There were some parts from Storm of Swords portrayed in this episode as well.  The show is telling the same general story as ASOIAF, but it is doing it in a different way.
3455	Cressit	2012-05-22	Hi,
The series isn't following the book to the letter so it may be a bit confusing if you jump right to the chapters. Very roughly we are about 3/4 of the way through the book. There have been many small and some not so small deviations from the book, but I'm sure you'd assume that.  Some of last nights scenes were based on these chapters:
Jon VII - 53
Tyrion XII   54
Catelyn VII - 55
Theon VII - 56
					
					
							Edited by Cressit, 22 May 2012 - 09:11 AM.
3456	turdle	2012-05-22	you'll be best off starting at the beginning of a clash of kings and moving forward. there are WAY TOO MANY differences between the books and the show at this point to try and make sense of the book based on what's going on during the TV show.  the first season follows the first book much closer by comparison so, by and large, you would be fine skipping a game of thrones and jumping into a clash of kings. but i don't think there's anyway you could try and jump into the middle of a clash of kings and understand what's going on based off of the tv show.
3457	gogorath	2012-05-22	Honestly, I'd finish the show over the next two weeks, then go back and read starting from Game of Thrones.  There's few real deviations in book one, but as with all adaptations, the books have the ability to convey a richer experience, simply because there is more "time." 
You wouldn't get lost to start with Clash, but you will miss things.
3458	protar	2012-05-22	you'll be best off starting at the beginning of a clash of kings and moving forward. there are WAY TOO MANY differences between the books and the show at this point to try and make sense of the book based on what's going on during the TV show. the first season follows the first book much closer by comparison so, by and large, you would be fine skipping a game of thrones and jumping into a clash of kings. but i don't think there's anyway you could try and jump into the middle of a clash of kings and understand what's going on based off of the tv show.I wouldn't reccomend skipping Game of Thrones either. There's still a lot of nuances that are missed and it's a thrilling read. You'd be mad to miss it.
3459	turdle	2012-05-22	I wouldn't reccomend skipping Game of Thrones either. There's still a lot of nuances that are missed and it's a thrilling read. You'd be mad to miss it.i'm not recommending it, but if this person wants to see "what happens next," he would be able to understand whats going on if he began with acok.
3460	Tadco26	2012-05-22	I would recommend starting with book 1 as well.  Definitely start book 2 at the start.  The story lines in season 2 have been altered much more so in comparision to season 1,  and several of the TV story lines have minimal connection to what happened in the book making jumping in mid book difficult.
3461	aswethinkweis	2012-05-21	This topic was done for all of the firs season, I'm not sure why they weren't continued over here. Here people can't get mad when the changes are talked about
3462	Tourniquet	2012-05-22	http://www.westeros.org/GoT/Episodes/
3463	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-22	What, we need yet another hatefest thread?  Why? Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not as though thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nowhere else for the haters to vent their spleens and piss all over the work of many fine people whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve worked very very very hard to give us something we wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t otherwise have had.
3464	Ran	2012-05-13	A place to discuss the next episode before it airs.
3465	BlueQueen	2012-05-13	Anyone else wondering what Tyrion tells Cersei she'll pay for in the preview? Alayaya isn't in the show and I don't understand how she could have found out about Shae.
3466	drigoly	2012-05-14	Anyone else wondering what Tyrion tells Cersei she'll pay for in the preview? Alayaya isn't in the show and I don't understand how she could have found out about Shae.I think that Ross will take Alayayas place.
3467	Travex	2012-05-14	Near the end of the preview... What was with Arya saying "I need him dead right now"? Are they changing her final "kill request"?
3468	kephv	2012-05-14	I'll think she'll make the request but Jaqen will deny it for some reason: perhaps it's because he leaves earlier and Jaqen refuses to chase after him? Obviously, they can't kill Tywin off yet, so she'll most likely still call in her last death with him in the same way.
3469	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-14	These last few shows should be epic; they really seemed to put the foot on the accelerator in E07.
3470	julandro	2012-05-14	I'm praying to see a scene between Lancel and Cersie
3471	Isy	2012-05-14	Anyone else wondering what Tyrion tells Cersei she'll pay for in the preview? Alayaya isn't in the show and I don't understand how she could have found out about Shae.The promo featured a Shae/Tyrion scene, so I presume that Cersei finds out about her and kidnaps her - which is a nice follow-on to Cersei's threat to Tyrion after he sends Myrcella away.
3472	sennahoj	2012-05-14	If there is going to be a chain involved in the battle of the Blackwater, episode 8 is the last one for Tyrion to have it forged. I really hope they kept the chain, otherwise it will diminish Tyrion's contribution to the defense of King's Landing.
3473	iheartseverus	2012-05-14	Can someone post the preview link in this thread?  THX!
3474	Mugzee	2012-05-14	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=dT3YzalZ37I
3475	Isy	2012-05-14	If there is going to be a chain involved in the battle of the Blackwater, episode 8 is the last one for Tyrion to have it forged. I really hope they kept the chain, otherwise it will diminish Tyrion's contribution to the defense of King's Landing.Agreed. So far we have Wildfire - which was originally Cersei's plan. In the book Tyrion gave the KL guards empty pots to practice with and spent ages developing the chain to actually make the wildfire plan work. So far, the show isn't really showing Tyrion's skill in devising a winning plan for the battle in the face of such a strong opponent. Fingers crossed for Ep8!
3476	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	It's kind of the whole point, in my opinion: Tyrion saves the city from Stannis's armies and prevents Cersei's burning it down through poor planning, then nobody recognizes his contributions even though he saved the lives of possibly most of the city.
Then they remove him from power and everyone hates him. 
I'm sure (I really hope) they can show that Tyrion's planning saves the day in this season. I'll be slightly disappointed if we don't see the massive pile of burning ships though. And the horror on Davos's face when he realizes that they've just sailed right into a nightmare.
3477	Crown	2012-05-14	I hope we get more Davos, Stannis and Melisandre this episode, it's been weeks ago since we last saw them.
3478	Wyman's Man	2012-05-14	After this week's episode, does anyone else have a strong suspicion that Dagmar is actually Ramsay? He has filled almost every one of Ramsay's plot points in this book. I know he doesn't look much younger than Roose but are we in for huge shock?
3479	Serr Parker	2012-05-14	It's kind of the whole point, in my opinion: Tyrion saves the city from Stannis's armies and prevents Cersei's burning it down through poor planning, then nobody recognizes his contributions even though he saved the lives of possibly most of the city.Then they remove him from power and everyone hates him.I'm sure (I really hope) they can show that Tyrion's planning saves the day in this season. I'll be slightly disappointed if we don't see the massive pile of burning ships though. And the horror on Davos's face when he realizes that they've just sailed right into a nightmare.Also without a chain or practise with wildfire Stanis's fleet is just going to sail in and get their arses kicked, sort of makes Davos and Stannis out to be amateurs
3480	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	After this week's episode, does anyone else have a strong suspicion that Dagmar is actually Ramsay? He has filled almost every one of Ramsay's plot points in this book. I know he doesn't look much younger than Roose but are we in for huge shock?I strongly disagree, though clearly he's playing the part of Theon's devil-on-the-shoulder, in a similar way to Ramsay. His mention (and the fact that he's not been cast... I think?) makes me think that the writers want to include him later in the series. Why introduce another character for those who haven't read the books if Dagmer can serve the same plot-function. The fact that he's the bastard of the Dreadfort is not important for convincing Theon to do bad things. Plus they've almost definitely cut out the Lady Hornwood piece.
3481	conny	2012-05-14	After this week's episode, does anyone else have a strong suspicion that Dagmar is actually Ramsay? He has filled almost every one of Ramsay's plot points in this book. I know he doesn't look much younger than Roose but are we in for huge shock?Thats exactly what I thought today. Cant answer the question how he got to Pyke but to hell with logic. Who cares?
3482	Pliskin	2012-05-14	We already had Jaime killing Alton for no reason...
They already said f*** to logic.
I want Dagmer = Ramsay.
3483	flinky	2012-05-14	Would not be surprised if Cleftjaw leaves with Asha/Yara when she gets to Winterfell
3484	celery	2012-05-14	Anyone else wondering what Tyrion tells Cersei she'll pay for in the preview? Alayaya isn't in the show and I don't understand how she could have found out about Shae.Cersei could have found out about Shae from the other handmaid she threatened in the last episode (from Sansa's flowering scene). I think it was a pretty stupid move on Shae's part, seeing as she doesn't have any "little birds" or any spies of her own to uphold the threat. It would be easy for the maid to run and tell Cersei, Shae really can't do anything to stop her, so all she's done is just cast suspicion on herself.Still, I think it's a possibility that the added character 'Ros' will take Alayaya's place though.What I'm personally most concerned about at the moment is Jon's storyline. I think it's crucial that he join the wildings on Qhorin's orders. If he forsakes any vows without being commanded to, it would severely change the character, IMO. So I am a bit worried, but I'm assuming (hoping) that Jon is rescued by Ghost and/or Qhorin and the other black brothers in this episode or next, giving the story a chance to play out as it did in the book. This way the small divergence would only help make it a more reasonable choice for Qhorin to choose Jon to join them, I suppose, by making it look more likely, from the wilding perspective, that Jon would betray the NW.
3485	Lexicdark	2012-05-14	Well, from the preview, it looked like the Wildings have some of the Black Brothers Jon was traveling with, even possibly Qhorin.  So they might bring it back around making it Qhorin who tells Jon to do whatever it takes to gain the trust of the Wildings and get that information back to the Wall.  But I agree with the rest, if they dont' do that, and Jon just picks that solution, total deviation from character.  Especially after all that rambling on about his vows while wandering around with Yigrette.
3486	gramblor	2012-05-14	Well, from the preview, it looked like the Wildings have some of the Black Brothers Jon was traveling with, even possibly Qhorin.  So they might bring it back around making it Qhorin who tells Jon to do whatever it takes to gain the trust of the Wildings and get that information back to the Wall.  But I agree with the rest, if they dont' do that, and Jon just picks that solution, total deviation from character.  Especially after all that rambling on about his vows while wandering around with Yigrette.I hit pause on the preview video when I saw Jon the 2nd time, right in between 20-21 seconds and it is him sitting facing Qhorin, so i'm guessing that they have captured all of them and that the end result will be Qhorin giving him his final orders
3487	Warden of the North121	2012-05-14	I hit pause on the preview video when I saw Jon the 2nd time, right in between 20-21 seconds and it is him sitting facing Qhorin, so i'm guessing that they have captured all of them and that the end result will be Qhorin giving him his final ordersYou're correct I saw this too
3488	int11	2012-05-14	I hit pause on the preview video when I saw Jon the 2nd time, right in between 20-21 seconds and it is him sitting facing Qhorin, so i'm guessing that they have captured all of them and that the end result will be Qhorin giving him his final ordersIsn't that them fighting in the clip that comes right after? To me it looks like Jon and Qhorin are being brought somewhere when Qhorin tells Jon to attack him ... and down they roll.
3489	HouseLancaster	2012-05-14	So - My guess
Jamie has escaped, hence Robbs "we will hunt him down no matter where he runs." Plus it fits with him being betrayed.
Jon is in enemy camp.
Joffery acts like a dick.
Tyrion warns Shae to stay safe.
Varys and Tyrion plot, either with regards to defending Kings Landing but more likely about Shae.
Cersi punishes Tyrions girl, which'll mean the return of Roz.
Tyrion threatens his sister. "I will hurt you for this"
Stannis, Davos get closer to Kings Landing, a reward is offered.
Dany reafirms to Jorah that dragons are her children.
Theon regrets burning the boys, epecially after his sister pays him a visit.
Tywin unepectedly leaves Harrenhal.
All this, and were suppose to have Ayras final debt saga in this episdoe too? I didn't even mention Jamie/Brienne. Its too much !! The W.soup is surely gonna be cut...?
Unless. How sure are we that we won't see none Kings Landing scenes in Ep9; Blackwater? 
I have a horrible feeling that the final debt will become the final escape in Episode 10 (because 'feable' Arya can't cut the mans throat herself), it makes no sense for her to recieve the gift that late unless the Weasel Soup doen't happen and Jaqen isn't instrumental in her escape. I'm doubting a little whether we'll see Hot Pie again as well considering all the other deaths/changes that've gone on.
Fingers crossed! tho
3490	Warden of the North121	2012-05-14	I felt so guilty so ROFLing at this but it's just so funny. Found it on an imdb thread titled "Luwin pays the Iron Price"http://cdn.wg.uproxx...012/05/nooo.gif
3491	Warden of the North121	2012-05-14	Isn't that them fighting in the clip that comes right after? To me it looks like Jon and Qhorin are being brought somewhere when Qhorin tells Jon to attack him ... and down they roll.I doubt the second part because  the episode 10 summary says Jon proves himself to Qhorin so I'm thinking their fight is in Ep 10.In addition, what is this reward that Stannis offers Davos? Hand of the King maybe? Also what is the "common ground" that Varys and Tyrion find? Cersei is a lunatic maybe....
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 14 May 2012 - 06:12 PM.
3492	celery	2012-05-14	Well, from the preview, it looked like the Wildings have some of the Black Brothers Jon was traveling with, even possibly Qhorin.  So they might bring it back around making it Qhorin who tells Jon to do whatever it takes to gain the trust of the Wildings and get that information back to the Wall.  But I agree with the rest, if they dont' do that, and Jon just picks that solution, total deviation from character.  Especially after all that rambling on about his vows while wandering around with Yigrette.Oh okay, good. Thanks for pointing that out, I didn't catch it. I was worried about Jon's story after the latest episode, but this makes me feel a lot better. So long as Jon is following Qhorin's orders, I'm happy. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
3493	int11	2012-05-14	I doubt the second part because  the episode 10 summary says Jon proves himself to Qhorin so I'm thinking their fight is in Ep 10.Ah, you're probably right. I didn't know a summary for episode 10 was published. It seems like the House of the Undying is saved for episode 10 as well. I'm certainly looking forward to the next three!
3494	Arkash	2012-05-14	The only thing I can think to say is: YEAH ! From the preview, it seems like Qhorin and Jon will be reunited in the hands of the Wildlings! Still some hope for the epic final moment !
3495	Jory	2012-05-14	Also without a chain or practise with wildfire Stanis's fleet is just going to sail in and get their arses kicked, sort of makes Davos and Stannis out to be amateursHow surprising, given this show's track record re: Stannis!
3496	iheartseverus	2012-05-14	Here is the oddest thing about the chain issue--I have such a clear picture in my head of Tyrion going from smith to smith ordering large links--the smiths argue that Cercei ordered them to make armor instead, Tyrion over-rides that order.  Okay, I'm sure I took that visual scene from the books.  But, I also have a clear picture of fans wondering what the big links were all about...  discussing and arguing over what it all meant.  I guess I must be remembering that from all the various book reader blogs...  Its just so odd that I really thought I'd seen Tyrion ordering the chain--now it seems I just read it, or imagined it.  Or something.  Weird, I swear by all the Seven that I've actually seen this scene!  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3497	Fredwin	2012-05-15	So in the preview it says 2 episodes left. Are Episode 9 and 10 combined into a 2 hour finale?
3498	Lady Olenna	2012-05-15	I felt so guilty so ROFLing at this but it's just so funny. Found it on an imdb thread titled "Luwin pays the Iron Price"http://cdn.wg.uproxx...012/05/nooo.gif Seven Hells!! That is just not right and yet it made me giggle. Just my $.02:I know a lot of folks are stressing about the changes from the books and what not. But if you look back through the old threads D&D were on here gathering opinions from fans long before they began to film or probably even write the script. I think they truly care about what we think and are doing a damn good job so far with the show. I seriously can't imagine them deviating in such a way that wasn't first run by GRRM for approval. I could be wrong - but IMHO they seem like they are genuine in their efforts to do the books justice. So for what it's worth I think the chain will be included as will the orders from the Halfhand. They wouldn't set it up like that just to neglect to put it in the show. Both plots are fundamental to Tyrion and Jon's characters. Im thinking Roz will have some unfortunate event happen to which Tyrion will be very upset and the audience will get the opportunity to understand the depth of his character. Of course once we get to ADWD we will be even more heartbroken to see his character take a turn for the worse (at least for a while).I love what they have done with the Dany arc. Can't tell you how many times I read it and thought "how is it no one is robbing this 15 year old girl of her dragons??!!". So I'm pleased they changed that and the Pyat Pree scene was just creepy and awesome. Plus, for whatever reason, Jorah was looking especially handsome last episode. It looks like they both actually slimmed down for the red waste (which means in real life they are probably skin and bones).  But yah, he was workin it.
3499	Crown	2012-05-15	I felt so guilty so ROFLing at this but it's just so funny. Found it on an imdb thread titled "Luwin pays the Iron Price"http://cdn.wg.uproxx...012/05/nooo.gifHahaha! That's wrong in many ways, but funny as hell.
3500	Lord Rickard Snow	2012-05-15	i think I'm stuck thinking of the battle of Blackwater to think of episode 8.. but I'm predicting that Stanis will name Davos The Hand Before the Battle....correct me if I'm wrong but i think it happened after
3501	The Frostfangs	2012-05-15	Yeah after he is imprisoned on dragonstone.
					
					
							Edited by Got Mance in Your Pants?, 15 May 2012 - 03:18 AM.
3502	Davos55	2012-05-15	I am really looking forward to this episode.
In my opinion, Theon's storyline has been the best and most well done part of this season.  Considering the title of the episode and the preview, this hour should have a lot of Theon, which is fine with me!
I am also really looking forward to Stannis and Davos returning..and of course Varys!
Jon's storyline changes upset me, but I do look forward to meeting Rattleshirt.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 15 May 2012 - 03:21 AM.
3503	Crown	2012-05-15	I am really looking forward to this episode.In my opinion, Theon's storyline has been the best and most well done part of this season.  Considering the title of the episode and the preview, this hour should have a lot of Theon, which is fine with me!I am also really looking forward to Stannis and Davos returning..and of course Varys!Jon's storyline changes upset me, but I do look forward to meeting Rattleshirt.There's not really much for Theon to do this season, is there?
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 15 May 2012 - 03:36 AM.
3504	LordofWinter	2012-05-15	Just my $.02:I know a lot of folks are stressing about the changes from the books and what not. But if you look back through the old threads D&D were on here gathering opinions from fans long before they began to film or probably even write the script. I think they truly care about what we thinkthis is my biggest problem with the show. and i know i'll be labelled a 'book purist' but i think that most of the 'small' changes are due to the writers of the show putting too much stock in the views and opinions of the people on these boards. i've only been on here a few weeks but i've been able to tell what alot of the 'hot button' issues are with the fans of the series. certain things have fans split down the middle as far as opinions go, while some just seem to be more extreme cases of fandom. but i could see myself being a writer for this show and also being a member of this site and thinking "hey you know what, i totally agree with what QCI said, i'm sure if i write it this way i can show that Cersei isn't so bad compared to characters like Robert/Joffrey." or "Apple Martini is right Catelyn does get a bad rap, a few simple changes will show she had the best intentions." or "i don't trust Margery i think she's just as schemey or more so than Cersei, let's add this." and while they change and add things like some kind of a renegade chef messing with a perfectly good recipe, we the fans of the books who look forward to an adaptation of those books into a great show tend to get instead some writers idea a how they think they could improve upon the books  that were written. for instance "let's make jeyne westerling a sexy spy who wins robb's heart dispite the war he's fighting instead of some poor maid who's town he sacks and then box he claims. that's much more believable and easier to explain in ten episodes. edit- this is a work of fiction. any resemblance of names or locations is strictly coincidental and was not intended. the author and this website do not claim to have a direct answer as to the feelings of any of the members of this site in regards to characters/plotlines in the book series. also the author does not claim to know what goes on in the heads of the writing staff of a major television show, nor does he claim to have proof that they spend their time trolling fansites of book series their life is probably already consumed with. Im thinking Roz will have some unfortunate event happen to which Tyrion will be very upset and the audience will get the opportunity to understand the depth of his character. Of course once we get to ADWD we will be even more heartbroken to see his character take a turn for the worse (at least for a while).how they plan to make people believe that Tyrion gives two shits about Ros i have no idea. especially since i don't think they've met even at this point in the show. so this seems like a poor choice in change. there is already too much confusion going on with the whole sansa/shae thing. (most people i know who didn't read the books were confused when sansa went directly from not liking or trusting shae to all of a sudden trusting her. not to mention the sheer lunacy of shae working in the castle) so to just throw Ros in the mix will make sense to readers who saw the lack of any other option presented but will have the "watchers only" crowd wondering how the two are connected.
3505	girlfrommonday	2012-05-15	how they plan to make people believe that Tyrion gives two shits about Ros i have no idea. especially since i don't think they've met even at this point in the show. so this seems like a poor choice in change. there is already too much confusion going on with the whole sansa/shae thing. (most people i know who didn't read the books were confused when sansa went directly from not liking or trusting shae to all of a sudden trusting her. not to mention the sheer lunacy of shae working in the castle) so to just throw Ros in the mix will make sense to readers who saw the lack of any other option presented but will have the "watchers only" crowd wondering how the two are connected.Ros and Tyrion was entertaining eachother in Winterfell. but yeah, I agree about the rest.
3506	Pliskin	2012-05-15	It's not like Tyrion cared personally about Alalaya either.
It's just that the character of Tyrion, unlike his sister, is very empathic and cares about people. Even those he doesn't know.
He is a good guy you know (well, was, before being screwed over by all his family).
3507	Chris77	2012-05-15	Well, I think there is still a tiny bit of hope that Reek (who is not Dagmer) will make an appearance. Maybe Asha/Yara intercepts and captures him on her way to Winterfell and hands him to Theon.
3508	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-15	Wait, Ramsay = Cleftjaw???
How would that even be possible since they introduced Dagmer on Pyke, where everyone hates Northeners? And everyone knows Dagmer on Pyke I think. Wasn't he Theon's teacher when he was a kid? It would make more sense if Ramsay turned out to be disguised as Luwin and wearing the old man's flayed hide, or disguised as "Bran's" charred corpse. What would really blow my mind to high heavens is if Theon actually is Ramsay without him knowing it. That would make him one turnturncloak to remember /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
I beg forgiveness for my sarcasm.
3509	Crown	2012-05-15	Wait, Ramsay = Cleftjaw???How would that even be possible since they introduced Dagmer on Pyke, where everyone hates Northeners? And everyone knows Dagmer on Pyke I think. Wasn't he Theon's teacher when he was a kid? It would make more sense if Ramsay turned out to be disguised as Luwin and wearing the old man's flayed hide, or disguised as "Bran's" charred corpse. What would really blow my mind to high heavens is if Theon actually is Ramsay without him knowing it. That would make him one turnturncloak to remember /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I beg forgiveness for my sarcasm.He's isn't the famous Dagmer he is in the books, in the TV show barely anyone knows him.
3510	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-15	I am really looking forward to this episode.In my opinion, Theon's storyline has been the best and most well done part of this season.  Considering the title of the episode and the preview, this hour should have a lot of Theon, which is fine with me!I am also really looking forward to Stannis and Davos returning..and of course Varys!Jon's storyline changes upset me, but I do look forward to meeting Rattleshirt.Why is so big of a deal that they changed the storyline of Jon ? It was boring in the book so i'm glad they changed it .
3511	Arkash	2012-05-15	Man, the last two chapters of Jon in Clash, the expedition in the Frostfangs, the eagle, Qhorin and his speech, lost in the wild... these were among the best chapters of the story !
3512	DragonAge93	2012-05-15	I don't see why people should get all upset over changes made to parts in the story. In the end, the main plot is still there.
Jaime may have killed Alton/Cleos, but in the end, Catelyn's gonna release him with Brienne and they'll head for King's Landing.
Jon may have chased Ygritte down and lost Quorin and the other Night's Watchmen, but he's still gonna end up captured by the Wildlings and taken to Mance Rayder (and if the ep. 10 summary is anything to go by, he's still gonna kill Quorin) .
Dany may have had her dragons stolen, and there is a power struggle in Qarth now, but she's going to end up in the HotU like in the books (albeit it might be a little different), and she's (most likely) gonna meet up with Arstan/Selmy sometime and get a ship.
Some things in KL may be changed slightly, but we're still gonna end up with the Battle of the Blackwater and Tyrion suffering an injury.
Arya's gonna escape Harrenhal (as the ep. 8 preview shows Tywin leaving), so she'll be escaping by the end of episode 10, and her story from ASoS will take hold.
So basically, who cares if a few minor characters are cut, if some minor plot points are altered. The main plot point is still there, even if the path leading there is a little different. I guess after seeing someone call this a "mediocre adaption", it kinda pissed me off. This is probably one of the best adaptions of a book series there ever was, staying as true as it can budget-wise to the source material. D&D have read the books and are fans the source material, and any change they make is most likely for adaption's sake. Since we're getting two seasons for ASoS, maybe it'll calm purists down since less things'll need to be changed since we have more time.
					
					
							Edited by DragonAge93, 15 May 2012 - 11:52 AM.
3513	LordofWinter	2012-05-15	It's not like Tyrion cared personally about Alalaya either.It's just that the character of Tyrion, unlike his sister, is very empathic and cares about people. Even those he doesn't know.He is a good guy you know (well, was, before being screwed over by all his family).he didn't care about her, but they did have a relationship of sorts. and it was clear and apparent to everyone reading the books. where as Ros will come out of left field and people won't understand. personally i don't think it matters who it is per se, but i just think it would make more sense if they would actually build towards a story. if this thing happens with Ros in the next episode, how are they going to say that Cersei "found out" about her? How are they going to make viewers (who have not read the books) believe that this woman is important to anyone? alayaya served her purpose in the books, she was assisting Tyrion with a lie, therefore they had an on-going relationship, Tyrion had things invested in alayaya. so when Cersei takes her thinking it will hurt Tyrion, we all get to 'laugh' because of how stupid Cersei is. but we also see that Tyrion is justifiably upset about the fact that he is indirectly responsible for what's happened to this poor sweet girl, because he got her involved in this. That wont be possible with Ros. and secondly has this chick Ros not been through enough in this series? every bad thing that happens to a whore in this show, she manages to be that whore....
3514	Davos55	2012-05-15	Why is so big of a deal that they changed the storyline of Jon ? It was boring in the book so i'm glad they changed it .How exactly was his story, especially the last few chapters, boring in ACOK?? I am very curious as to how you think it was boring and why the show is an improvement over it.
3515	Davos55	2012-05-15	There's not really much for Theon to do this season, is there?Do you mean in the remainder of the season?Asha still has to come to Winterfell and the events with Ramsay have to transpire. Those should be great scenes for sure.
3516	Crown	2012-05-15	Do you mean in the remainder of the season?Asha still has to come to Winterfell and the events with Ramsay have to transpire. Those should be great scenes for sure.Forgot about Asha visiting him.
3517	Arkash	2012-05-15	I don't see why people should get all upset over changes made to parts in the story. In the end, the main plot is still there.What I always said !But, the only thing I do not approve yet is the fact that Jon get caught by the Wildlings ! Yes it is pretty sure he's gonna find back Qhorin there, and the final will be the same, but it is much less thrilling than their long flee into the wild, alone, of the books... still, it is gonna be the same end I know.
3518	daimonionen	2012-05-15	I suppose they might make Cersei think Ros is Tyrions whore/girlfriend, and when she flogs her or whatever, Tyrion knows that in Cerseis mind she was doing it to Shae, and thus, it's a horrible act, not only against Ros, but also against Tyrion.
3519	Nefa	2012-05-15	Does anyone know what chapters I'd have to be on in CoK to be caught up with this next episode?
3520	It is known.	2012-05-15	So weasel soup's gone then?  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I was really hoping they'd keep that bit, it shows how smart Arya can be when she manages to trick Jaqen into killing more than one person with her third name. 
And they got rid of Jaqen in the bath too... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3521	Nefa	2012-05-15	So weasel soup's gone then?  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I was really hoping they'd keep that bit, it shows how smart Arya can be when she manages to trick Jaqen into killing more than one person with her third name.And they got rid of Jaqen in the bath too... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I really dont get why they aren't including all of this. Their relationship is rather pivotal for her, yet they are just glossing over it it seems.
3522	gogorath	2012-05-15	So weasel soup's gone then?  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I was really hoping they'd keep that bit, it shows how smart Arya can be when she manages to trick Jaqen into killing more than one person with her third name.And they got rid of Jaqen in the bath too... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Every week, the preview and its tricky editing makes someone think a major plot point is gone or irrevocably changed (just check out how certain people were that Shae was holding a knife to Sansa's throat last week!).  There's a really good chance it plays out mostly like the book in the end.
3523	It is known.	2012-05-15	Every week, the preview and its tricky editing makes someone think a major plot point is gone or irrevocably changed (just check out how certain people were that Shae was holding a knife to Sansa's throat last week!).  There's a really good chance it plays out mostly like the book in the end.True, i'm reserving judgement till next week /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I'm definitely not a purist anyway, I like when they stick to the books and give a little cheer when they put in certain bits I was hoping for, but i'm of the opinion that the show should be judged on its own merits /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Like Qarth, it's definitely deviated from the books, but i'm enjoying seeing where they go with it as I don't know what'll happen!
3524	gogorath	2012-05-15	Here's my wild-ass guess on how the Arya storyline goes:
Tywin hears about Stannis and rides for King's Landing.  He decides to take his obviously high-born cupbearer with him.  Arya races to Jaqen, makes him promise to do it right away -- and while the audience thinks the name is Tywin -- it's not.
3525	Strider	2012-05-15	What I'm personally most concerned about at the moment is Jon's storyline. I think it's crucial that he join the wildings on Qhorin's orders. If he forsakes any vows without being commanded to, it would severely change the character, IMO. So I am a bit worried, but I'm assuming (hoping) that Jon is rescued by Ghost and/or Qhorin and the other black brothers in this episode or next, giving the story a chance to play out as it did in the book. This way the small divergence would only help make it a more reasonable choice for Qhorin to choose Jon to join them, I suppose, by making it look more likely, from the wilding perspective, that Jon would betray the NW.I agree.  I'm not a purist and do not complain about most deviations from the book; but I agree that it is important that Jon kills Qhorin and joins the Wildlings on the orders of Qhorin.  There are many ways for this to happen.  I am not concerned about Jon simply betraying his vows, either out of cowardice or lust.  That's just not going to happen.  Remember: Qhorin has already prepared the stage for his own death.  The whole point of his asking Ygritte what the Wildlings would do to him if he was captured is to setup the moment for Jon's killing of Qhorin.  He will kill Qhorin not just because Qhorin orders it but also as an act of mercy.   At least that's my speculation.
3526	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-15	How exactly was his story, especially the last few chapters, boring in ACOK?? I am very curious as to how you think it was boring and why the show is an improvement over it.Because it was nothing but boring, tedious descriptions of warging and lots of useless travelings that Martin likes to write about , though it's my least favorite thing in the books . Bottom line is that doesn't work in the show as in the books, you need some type of development or non book readers will get bored of his story. Just read some non book readers forums and you will see this .
3527	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-15	Am I seeing Jon making a run for it from Rattleshirt et al? There is hope yet for Jon and Qhorin to have their final conversation. Ghost also needs to get into some wildling throat ripping. He seems to be althogether far too aloof when it comes to Jon's welfare.
Rather miffed that the only Stark with wolf dreams has been Bran. Arya and Jon at least should have had one wolf dream this season. His platonic evening of spooning with Ygritte could have been it. And Arya trying to sleep in the prison cage could have been hers.
3528	jlk7e	2012-05-15	Firstly - while Dagmer's relationship with Theon is obviously similar to "Reek's" in the book, that is not evidence that he is actually, secretly, Ramsay.  Firstly, Roose says his bastard is at the Dreadfort.  Dagmer was at Pyke, and there's absolutely no reason that Ramsay would be there.  Even if he was there, it's puzzling why a northern bastard would be accepted as first mate of an Ironborn ship.  Plus, the actor who plays Dagmer is over 40 - why on earth would they cast someone that old to play Ramsay, who is supposed to be a contemporary of Theon and Jon?
Secondly - I don't think it would make any sense to have Cersei threaten Ros.  For one thing, she knows that Tyrion sent Joffrey whores, one of whom is Ros.  Given that Joffrey abused her, why would she think that threatening to abuse her would upset Tyrion?  The whole thing would just be totally confusing and not make sense.  It seems to me that the most sensible thing would just be to have Cersei threaten Shae directly.
3529	nubreed000	2012-05-15	With some of the recent (dumb) changes made throughout this season I'm really really worried about the House of the Undying. I have a feeling they will completely take the visions out. I may be done with the show if they do that.
Also I'm really hoping that we still get Qhorin's and Jon's escape, the eagle following them, and the speech and duel between them. That was one of the more epic moments in the second book.
And did Jon and Arya really have the wolf-dreams in the second book? I thought those came way later, as compared to Brans.
3530	dtones520	2012-05-15	Near the end of the preview... What was with Arya saying "I need him dead right now"? Are they changing her final "kill request"?I thought she said "I need YOU dead..." not him.
3531	iheartseverus	2012-05-15	I thought she said "I need YOU dead..." not him.I just watched (and listened) a couple times up close--she says I need HIM dead right now.  My guess, its a moment of panic/realization on Ayra's part as Tywin/The Mountain are leaving Harrenhal--she suddenly realizes she's wasting her 3 deaths on pipsqueak punks and letting the Big Guys get away.   I still see it being able to conform to what we're hoping for--Weasel Soup!  Tywin rides away, Northern prisoners are brought in, Roose arrives, Ayra changes her mind and gives Jaqen her new order (which annoys him).  She's a little kid, after all--she's perceives as the biggest threat those who're right in front of her being, well, threatening.  She doesn't see the 'long game' of taking out the head of the snake in order to kill all the rest of its body.
3532	frametown	2012-05-15	Something is going to go down with Shae, not Ros.  That's pretty clear to me.  Not sure whether she will be killed, tortured, imprisoned, or what, but it's going to hurt Tyrion.
3533	Ciglon	2012-05-15	The episode description for Arya's scenes reads: "Arya calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him." [LINK]First of all, I don't see a reason for there to be arya scenes at all in episode 9, "Blackwater" since it will mainly focus on KL battle (tyrion, stannis) and jon snow, and maybe (probably) some dany, possibly theon. This is more than enough to cover the hour IMO.I think it's very likely that this episode will show tywin leave (since he's been a vital role in harrenhal scenes, his departure will apear on-screen), northerners will arrive shortly thereafter, and that weasel soup scene will occur or Arya will at least explain to Jaqen what she requires of him to unsay a name.The name she whispers to him next episode must be Jaqen's and it can't be that she tells him to kill tywin before he leaves harrenhal or anything else b/c the description clearly mentions that she is calling in her last debt, not making a request that won't be fulfilled. It's very possible that Weasel soup happens this episode and Jaqen leaves in the last episode since that's the episode she will be leaving harrenhal in as well (and that will take up 2-3 scenes as well, waking gendry, killing guard, riding off). Although I'll be sad to see him leave us forever /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />....or at least until AFFC's prologue episode, that is /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 15 May 2012 - 10:20 PM.
3534	Tewks44	2012-05-15	With some of the recent (dumb) changes made throughout this season I'm really really worried about the House of the Undying. I have a feeling they will completely take the visions out. I may be done with the show if they do that.Also I'm really hoping that we still get Qhorin's and Jon's escape, the eagle following them, and the speech and duel between them. That was one of the more epic moments in the second book.And did Jon and Arya really have the wolf-dreams in the second book? I thought those came way later, as compared to Brans.I believe Jon had his first (and only if I'm not mistaken) full warging wolf dream in book 2 when he scouted the wilding army in Ghost's body.And In terms of Ramsay, I think he's just going to show up and be like I'm here to retake the castle, and then he'll basically convince Theon to surrender, and then Ramsay will basically demolish Winterfell anyway.  That way they can work him into the story without being too confusing for the viewers who haven't read the books, but we still learn that Ramsay is a totally twisted dude, and we're in the same place as the books at that point in terms of Ramsay/Theon's story.
3535	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-15	After this week's episode, does anyone else have a strong suspicion that Dagmar is actually Ramsay? He has filled almost every one of Ramsay's plot points in this book. I know he doesn't look much younger than Roose but are we in for huge shock?No.  He's older than Roose, for one and 2, he was on Pyke.  Not only was he on Pyke, but he was a known person in his scenes on Pyke.
3536	Baitac	2012-05-15	I'm praying to see a scene between Lancel and CersieYou will at some point, but I'm not sure if it'll be this season. We have GOT to have Tyrion's she's slept with him and everyone else's statement to Jaime or I'll scream.
3537	Hyper	2012-05-16	Does anyone know what chapters I'd have to be on in CoK to be caught up with this next episode?With the divergences, it's not easy to say. And it will only become more difficult.Besides, what would be the point of doing that? I'm not sure why some insist on reading the book in parallel with the show. Why set yourself up for more disappointment when things don't match? It's better to get some distance between them, IMO.
3538	imajication	2012-05-16	Re: not having the chain.
People are complaining that if they don't have the chain it will diminish Tyrion's contribution to the Battle of Blackwater.  But remember that in the scene where they introduced the wildfire, Bronn made a big deal about wildfire not being good to use in actual combat, because the people using it would end up dropping it causing the side using wildfire more harm that good.  I think Tyrions contribution will be the insight to just stick the wildfire in the derelicts and set Blackwater Bay on fire.  Using them as Cercie had planned would have been disastrous, at least in the universe of the TV show.  But Tyrion will have figured out how to use wildfire correctly.
I'm not so happy about Stannis giving Davos the command of his fleet.  In the book, it was implied than Davos would have been much more cautious than the actual commander at Blackwater.  Having Davos in command will make him seem less competent, and then Stannis making him hand will seem more insane.
Also, Davos isn't even a lord yet.  In Westeros, it just seem weird to give a simple knight command of a fleet.  At least make hime a lord first.
3539	StarkWard	2012-05-16	I'm not so happy about Stannis giving Davos the command of his fleet.  In the book, it was implied than Davos would have been much more cautious than the actual commander at Blackwater.  Having Davos in command will make him seem less competent, and then Stannis making him hand will seem more insane.It's not too late to revert to the original identity of the commander. As Davos said, the lords will not be pleased if a former smuggler were to lead them, so there's still a possibility of the lords overriding his commands at sea.
3540	sennahoj	2012-05-16	Or the lords could simply ignore the commands of Davos and charge headlong into the trap despite Davos' warnings.
3541	Sun	2012-05-16	I felt so guilty so ROFLing at this but it's just so funny. Found it on an imdb thread titled "Luwin pays the Iron Price"http://cdn.wg.uproxx...012/05/nooo.gifLMAO!
3542	Arkash	2012-05-16	Also, Davos isn't even a lord yet. In Westeros, it just seem weird to give a simple knight command of a fleet. At least make hime a lord first.It is said in the summary of the episode that Stannis gives Davos a reward. I'm quite sure it will be his lordship.Or the lords could simply ignore the commands of Davos and charge headlong into the trap despite Davos' warnings.That's more likely and could be really well done on-screen.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 16 May 2012 - 07:33 AM.
3543	protar	2012-05-16	I don't see why people should get all upset over changes made to parts in the story. In the end, the main plot is still there.Jaime may have killed Alton/Cleos, but in the end, Catelyn's gonna release him with Brienne and they'll head for King's Landing.Jon may have chased Ygritte down and lost Quorin and the other Night's Watchmen, but he's still gonna end up captured by the Wildlings and taken to Mance Rayder (and if the ep. 10 summary is anything to go by, he's still gonna kill Quorin) .Dany may have had her dragons stolen, and there is a power struggle in Qarth now, but she's going to end up in the HotU like in the books (albeit it might be a little different), and she's (most likely) gonna meet up with Arstan/Selmy sometime and get a ship.Some things in KL may be changed slightly, but we're still gonna end up with the Battle of the Blackwater and Tyrion suffering an injury.Arya's gonna escape Harrenhal (as the ep. 8 preview shows Tywin leaving), so she'll be escaping by the end of episode 10, and her story from ASoS will take hold.So basically, who cares if a few minor characters are cut, if some minor plot points are altered. The main plot point is still there, even if the path leading there is a little different. I guess after seeing someone call this a "mediocre adaption", it kinda pissed me off. This is probably one of the best adaptions of a book series there ever was, staying as true as it can budget-wise to the source material. D&amp;D have read the books and are fans the source material, and any change they make is most likely for adaption's sake. Since we're getting two seasons for ASoS, maybe it'll calm purists down since less things'll need to be changed since we have more time.Have we been watching the same show? This is one of the least faithful adaptation of a book series I've ever seen with most of the deviations made apparently for the hell of it when the plots from the book could have been filmed just as easily. It's such a shame considering how faithful season 1 was.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 16 May 2012 - 07:49 AM.
3544	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-16	I felt so guilty so ROFLing at this but it's just so funny. Found it on an imdb thread titled "Luwin pays the Iron Price"http://cdn.wg.uproxx...012/05/nooo.gifHahahahaha oh wow. Anyway, I think Robb is talking about Theon in the trailer. He's going to go batshit when he learns about Bran and Rickon.
3545	Strider	2012-05-16	Surely Robb is talking about tracking down Jaime Lannister, whom his mother helped to escape (the betrayal of which the preview speaks).
3546	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-16	Eh, yeah... that does seem more likely. The "betrayal" might be related to Karstark though.
3547	Silverx2	2012-05-16	with the end of the season coming and the leaving of JH it does bring up certain questions.
!.) are they going to show that he can change his face?
2.)is it going to be the same actor with makeup/prostetic, or a different actor?
3.)is this going to be the actual last time we see him? Clearly george has a plan which is why we see him in AFFC, however what are they going to do for the 2 seasons hes not doing anything?
4.)could we possibly get an early look at the temple of black and white on bravos, maybe JH telling the kindly old man to expect a young highborn visitor?
3548	DragonAge93	2012-05-16	Just because Dagmer is taking Ramsay's part of this storyline doesn't mean he is Ramsay. Dagmer is a whole character in himself, and you can tell he's lived among the Ironborn for his life, whereas that would never be the case with Ramsay. The writers probably just wanted an Ironborn at Theon's side, to further his allegiance to the Iron Islands, instead of having the prisoner Ramsay somehow worm his way into Theon's good graces.
3549	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-16	Have we been watching the same show? This is one of the least faithful adaptation of a book series I've ever seen with most of the deviations made apparently for the hell of it when the plots from the book could have been filmed just as easily. It's such a shame considering how faithful season 1 was.One of the least faithful adaptations you've ever seen? Seriously, this makes me wonder if you've ever seen ANY other adaptations of novels, comic books, stage plays, or video games. This is, bar none, one of the most faithful book-to-screen adaptations I've ever seen; and I've seen a lot of them. Just for an example, care to list a few adaptations that were more faithful to the source material than Game of Thrones? ...I'll wait...
3550	protar	2012-05-16	One of the least faithful adaptations you've ever seen? Seriously, this makes me wonder if you've ever seen ANY other adaptations of novels, comic books, stage plays, or video games. This is, bar none, one of the most faithful book-to-screen adaptations I've ever seen; and I've seen a lot of them. Just for an example, care to list a few adaptations that were more faithful to the source material than Game of Thrones? ...I'll wait...Perhaps one of the worst is an exaggeration, but yes I think it's done pretty badly as an adaptation. As a standalone show it's some of the best TV out there, but Season 2 at least is fairly unfaithful to the show, especially in these last few episodes. It's just that it most adaptations I've seen mostly are just constrained to cutting things out or compressing them, which is irksome but necessary with time and budgetary constraints. I could probably think of an example but off the top of my head I can't think of any other adaptation which outright adds so much material. That's my main gripe.As for more faithful examples. Well what about Lotr, or Harry Potter, or Twilight? (even though I hate Twilight.)We didn't have Snape beating Proffesor Slughorn to death did we? Or we didn't have Haldir stealing the one ring in order to become King of the elves and open Lothlorien to the world did we? Now before you go all mad, please note that they're exaggerated arguments but they get my point across. Most adaptations I have seen simply compress or cut. GOT is outright adding stuff. So no I don't think it's being very faithful. It was but no more, and I can only hope that Martin has some strong words with D+D so they get their act together for S3.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 16 May 2012 - 12:20 PM.
3551	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-16	We didn't have Snape beating Proffesor Slughorn to death did we? Or we didn't have Haldir stealing the one ring in order to become King of the elves and open Lothlorien to the world did we? Now before you go all mad, please note that they're exaggerated arguments but they get my point across.They don't get your point across exactly because your arguments are exaggerated. There were no changes in GoT tv of the magnitude you just described. I think that considering the television's rules, restrictions and timelines, the series are quite faithful to the books.
3552	ledlevee	2012-05-16	As far as Ramsay goes, I think he will show up at the beginning of next season.  They'll work it out so it can be done this way.  They won't introduce a main character who will need a good, expensive actor to play him, at the end of a season so he can just do a few shows with a few scenes of him in there.  Doesn't make sense for television.  They'll probably talk about him, but find a way to not introduce the character until Season 3, so they can give the actor a prominent role.
3553	protar	2012-05-16	They don't get your point across exactly because your arguments are exaggerated. There were no changes in GoT tv of the magnitude you just described. I think that considering the television's rules, restrictions and timelines, the series are quite faithful to the books.Fine, if you weren't satisfied with those examples lets go to the show itself shall we?Lets take Jon's story. What was the purpose of Jon tying up Ygritte and then getting captured by the widlings? They could easily have filmed it as it happened in the books, so it would go like:E5: Jon chosen by Qhorin.E6: Meets Ygritte and lets her goE7: Jon has his wolf dream (sans the eagle.). Then him and the others are pursued by rangers and a couple go back to hold the pass.E8: Qhorin sends a ranger back to the fist to bring word to the fist of what Jon saw in his wolf dream.E9: Jon doesn't appear.E10: Jon and Qhorin are alone. We get the whole false oathbreaking thing.Perfectly manageable, exciting TV, no reason whatsoever not to do it like that. But instead of an exciting chase through the wilderness and a budding mentor relationship between Jon and Qhorin that remains faithful to the books, we get about 10 minutes of Ygritte talking about boners. Can you honestly tell me that that was an improvement, or justify such a change? And that's just one possible example of many.
3554	Laohu	2012-05-16	This is one of the least faithful adaptation of a book series I've ever seen with most of the deviations made apparently for the hell of it when the plots from the book could have been filmed just as easily.Apparently, you never read The Sword of Truth book series and subsequently watched its TV adaptation, Legend of the Seeker...
					
					
							Edited by Laohu, 16 May 2012 - 01:30 PM.
3555	protar	2012-05-16	Apparently, you never read The Sword of Truth book series and subsequently watched its TV adaptation, Legend of the Seeker... I believe i've seen a film called legend of the seeker. Haven't read the books though no. My real point though wasn't to rank GOT in a list of adaptations, it was to point out that it adds a lot of stuff in where it should merely be compressing.
3556	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-16	Perhaps one of the worst is an exaggeration, but yes I think it's done pretty badly as an adaptation. As a standalone show it's some of the best TV out there, but Season 2 at least is fairly unfaithful to the show, especially in these last few episodes. It's just that it most adaptations I've seen mostly are just constrained to cutting things out or compressing them, which is irksome but necessary with time and budgetary constraints. I could probably think of an example but off the top of my head I can't think of any other adaptation which outright adds so much material. That's my main gripe.As for more faithful examples. Well what about Lotr, or Harry Potter, or Twilight? (even though I hate Twilight.)We didn't have Snape beating Proffesor Slughorn to death did we? Or we didn't have Haldir stealing the one ring in order to become King of the elves and open Lothlorien to the world did we? Now before you go all mad, please note that they're exaggerated arguments but they get my point across. Most adaptations I have seen simply compress or cut. GOT is outright adding stuff. So no I don't think it's being very faithful. It was but no more, and I can only hope that Martin has some strong words with D+D so they get their act together for S3.Personally I prefer adaptations which change elements of the book in order to advance the story, as opposed to adaptations which just summarise the books (Harry Potter, for example).
3557	protar	2012-05-16	Personally I prefer adaptations which change elements of the book in order to advance the story, as opposed to adaptations which just summarise the books (Harry Potter, for example).So do I. I don't think GOT has done that. Or if it has it's also been adding stuff.
3558	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-16	So do I. I don't think GOT has done that. Or if it has it's also been adding stuff.I don't think any changes have been detrimental to the plot; in fact, I think everything they've added has been beneficial -- even the stealing of Dany's dragons, if it turns out the way I'm expecting it to.
3559	protar	2012-05-16	I don't think any changes have been detrimental to the plot; in fact, I think everything they've added has been beneficial -- even the stealing of Dany's dragons, if it turns out the way I'm expecting it to.So you actually think that these changes are better than the book? Honestly being curious here. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree but personally I want as little added stuff as possible. It would be great if D+D could like make a list of all the deviations and give their justifications. It'd be a great gift to the book purists and it'd really put me at ease if I knew that D+D hadn't just stopped caring about the source material as I'm sometimes resigned to thinking.
3560	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-16	So you actually think that these changes are better than the book? Honestly being curious here. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree but personally I want as little added stuff as possible. It would be great if D+D could like make a list of all the deviations and give their justifications. It'd be a great gift to the book purists and it'd really put me at ease if I knew that D+D hadn't just stopped caring about the source material as I'm sometimes resigned to thinking.The book is the book, and the show is the show. The books aren't perfect, and the show is not perfect. I've never said I prefer the changes; I do, however, think they are all beneficial to the plot in a way that sticking to the books would not be.
3561	protar	2012-05-16	The book is the book, and the show is the show. The books aren't perfect, and the show is not perfect. I've never said I prefer the changes; I do, however, think they are all beneficial to the plot in a way that sticking to the books would not be.An example perhaps? For instance why do you think that it wouldn't have worked to keep Jon's plot the same as in the book?
3562	gogorath	2012-05-16	I believe i've seen a film called legend of the seeker. Haven't read the books though no. My real point though wasn't to rank GOT in a list of adaptations, it was to point out that it adds a lot of stuff in where it should merely be compressing.That's not how you do an adaptation.  Or rather, it's a disastrous way to do an adaptation.You almost always have to cut content going from a novel to a movie or show.  But if it's well-written source material, the development of the themes and characters took place in those scenes.  So often you need to rewrite or replace scenes -- to add content -- just to accelerate or accentuate the development.
3563	protar	2012-05-16	That's not how you do an adaptation.  Or rather, it's a disastrous way to do an adaptation.You almost always have to cut content going from a novel to a movie or show.  But if it's well-written source material, the development of the themes and characters took place in those scenes.  So often you need to rewrite or replace scenes -- to add content -- just to accelerate or accentuate the development.I understand that. So some of the added scenes I do this, like Theon writing his letter and being baptised and later him executing Rodrik. I don't for example think that Jon's changed story arc has done this. Especially seeing as it wouldn't have taken up any more space to do it as it was done in the books so your idea that such a change served to convey information that had to be cut from the show doesn't work.
3564	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-16	An example perhaps? For instance why do you think that it wouldn't have worked to keep Jon's plot the same as in the book?The dragons, for example. I'm starting to assume, from Pyat Pree's "they will thrive by her side" line, that they will grow bigger within the House of the Undying. As for Jon's story... I'm sorry, but it's not suited for TV. I actually enjoyed those chapters (which is a surprise because I dreaded Jon's chapters up until that point), but I wouldn't find them interesting to watch. In addition, Ygritte is a much more important character than Qhorin, who will most likely die in the season finale. Why waste time developing him when they could be building upon Jon's future relationship with Ygritte?
3565	gogorath	2012-05-16	Fine, if you weren't satisfied with those examples lets go to the show itself shall we?Lets take Jon's story. What was the purpose of Jon tying up Ygritte and then getting captured by the widlings? They could easily have filmed it as it happened in the books, so it would go like:E5: Jon chosen by Qhorin.E6: Meets Ygritte and lets her goE7: Jon has his wolf dream (sans the eagle.). Then him and the others are pursued by rangers and a couple go back to hold the pass.E8: Qhorin sends a ranger back to the fist to bring word to the fist of what Jon saw in his wolf dream.E9: Jon doesn't appear.E10: Jon and Qhorin are alone. We get the whole false oathbreaking thing.Perfectly manageable, exciting TV, no reason whatsoever not to do it like that. But instead of an exciting chase through the wilderness and a budding mentor relationship between Jon and Qhorin that remains faithful to the books, we get about 10 minutes of Ygritte talking about boners. Can you honestly tell me that that was an improvement, or justify such a change? And that's just one possible example of many.I personally actually think the above was doable, except for perhaps the Eagle/Wolf Dream thing.  The eagle'd be expensive, probably turn out ugly.  I'm also pretty sure they are trying to limit the warging to Bran right now -- slowly phasing it in for clarity reasons.  Things like prophetic dreams or warging are so much easier to show in books.That said, I don't think the Jon plotline was changed because the above wouldn't work.  I think it was changed because of the things going on in these scenes that you did not mention:I think they realized that they needed to draw out the Ygritte plotline longer than it would have been if it had only really been in Season 3.  There's a lot of plot in Storm of Swords, and I'm sure there was concerns about the romance accelerating at too quickly a pace.  I think we can see where they've attempted to add with Jeyne as well, but that still feels like they haven't really reached anything but superficial attraction.  If Jon and Ygritte are going to get together, it'd be nice to see a progression.  To do that, they moved their interaction forward into Season 2.  The flirting is the beginning of the love story.The other conversations that have been occurring revolve around the differences between Southern and Wildling culture.  It's part exposition, part setting up of Jon's struggles to maintain his vows.  I expect Season 3 to end Jon's story with the attack on the South of Castle Black -- and that means a lot has to occur, meeting Mance Rayder, climbing the Wall, romance with Ygritte, leaving the Wildings, and then the battle.  For those that think Jon never thought of breaking his vows, they will not like this (they will also be wrong).  Someone also suggested that they may actually not show Qhorin and Jon talking about turning cloak until next season (as a flashback) to leave people guessing if he turned cloak.  Again, they are setting up his dilemma now.Aside from setting up Jon's journey of duty, of his choices later, the discussion of the Wildings plays perfectly into the overall themes of the show.  I know a lot of people read the books and watch the show only for entertainment value, but I firmly believe Martin wrote in many of these themes because he wants people to ask questions -- he has something to say.  While a medieval era discussion of freedom seems dated in modern society, more interesting is how the wildlings are some of the few commoners who truly understand their own power.  Those savages -- how dare they not create institutions and traditions to limit their own power!So what have we lost?  The Wolf Dream.  (And please, we have plenty of time to set up ADwD).  I'll be with you if Jon really does turn cloak, but if not, has it really changed much?  The conversations with Ygritte are true to the books -- they are just Book 3.  And while many people like action, many of us prefer good character development and dialogue.
3566	KnightsOfDany	2012-05-16	With only three episodes left i don't think Tyrion's Chain will come into play. If i recall Tyrion had the chain going before the Dragonfire.
I think they may eliminate it and just run with the Dragonfire saves the city and Joff and Cersei will take all the credit and he gets the blame for burning down the hovels and what not
3567	Pellaeon	2012-05-16	With only three episodes left i don't think Tyrion's Chain will come into play. If i recall Tyrion had the chain going before the Dragonfire.I think they may eliminate it and just run with the Dragonfire saves the city and Joff and Cersei will take all the credit and he gets the blame for burning down the hovels and what notMartin wrote Blackwater, so I believe the chain will be involve, there only must make a short statemant next episode, or even in the 9th episode right before thhe battle, like: Tyrion:"I have a little surprise for Stannis, behold my chain"
3568	dreamcatcher	2012-05-16	I wouldn't like it if they kept people guessing if Jon turned cloak or not. We have that in ADwD!
3569	DragonAge93	2012-05-16	We could get a mention of the chain this episode, perhaps, maybe right in the beginning of episode 9. Like Pellaeon said, Martin wrote it, so he of all the writers will try to stay as close to his books as he possibly can.
3570	House Snow	2012-05-16	That said, I don't think the Jon plotline was changed because the above wouldn't work.  I think it was changed because of the things going on in these scenes that you did not mention:I think they realized that they needed to draw out the Ygritte plotline longer than it would have been if it had only really been in Season 3.  There's a lot of plot in Storm of Swords, and I'm sure there was concerns about the romance accelerating at too quickly a pace.  I think we can see where they've attempted to add with Jeyne as well, but that still feels like they haven't really reached anything but superficial attraction.  If Jon and Ygritte are going to get together, it'd be nice to see a progression.  To do that, they moved their interaction forward into Season 2.  The flirting is the beginning of the love story.The other conversations that have been occurring revolve around the differences between Southern and Wildling culture.  It's part exposition, part setting up of Jon's struggles to maintain his vows.  I expect Season 3 to end Jon's story with the attack on the South of Castle Black -- and that means a lot has to occur, meeting Mance Rayder, climbing the Wall, romance with Ygritte, leaving the Wildings, and then the battle.  For those that think Jon never thought of breaking his vows, they will not like this (they will also be wrong).  Someone also suggested that they may actually not show Qhorin and Jon talking about turning cloak until next season (as a flashback) to leave people guessing if he turned cloak.  Again, they are setting up his dilemma now.So what have we lost?  The Wolf Dream.  (And please, we have plenty of time to set up ADwD).  I'll be with you if Jon really does turn cloak, but if not, has it really changed much?  The conversations with Ygritte are true to the books -- they are just Book 3.  And while many people like action, many of us prefer good character development and dialogue. I really .agree with the first point.  Among many reasons, one thing that hurts Robb-Jeyne is that its moving so fast, This despite the writers intorducing her at the earliest moment.  Getting some of the Jon-Ygritte relationship going allows the writers to focus more on plot for next season as opposed to strict character building, which I seem to remember there being a ton of in Jon SOS chapters.Also from what I can remember the book kind of put Jon in a situation where you could sort of say did he really have to kill Quorin, or even he could he kill Quorin in that situation?   I think the show is going to make it so the decision a lot more black and white.
3571	HouseLancaster	2012-05-16	I think the sore point for a lot of people IS how well season 1 was apdapted, there was no reason for that not to continue. Not being uber word-for-word faithful but the clearly understood the important points of each storyline. BUT THIS SEASON It's as if the praise they got for such scenes as the Robert/Cersi conversation for example has gone to their heads.
For me - Tyrion, Arya and Theon all enjoyed their best arcs in Clash of Kings so it was important they get their storylines correct and as full as possible for this season, then other characters can take the spotlight next year. Jon Snow has gotten the right amount of screen time this year, but, only if they stick to the key points of his narrative. They done Tyrion justice but pherhaps bodged Theons with the kills of Bran and Rickon, - far too heavy handed, no one thinks they're dead. Ayra at Harrenhal, YES Tywin is great but there plenty of oppotunity to see him next season. They should have rolled the best bits of their 3 scenes together into one decent sized scene. Because of Tywins/Ayra's father/daughter relationship Harrenhal has lost all its terror (who's gonnna touch Tywins Lannisters cup bearer?) and all the power of Ayra surving the kitchens and using her 3 kills has been lost (and the second kill, and what lead up to it was imbasilic).
I think the sore point for a lot of people IS how well season 1 was adapted, there was no reason for that not to continue. It wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t uber word-for-word faithful but they clearly understood the important points of each storyline and the story as a whole. BUT THIS SEASON Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s as if the praise they got for such scenes as the Robert/Cersi conversation for example has gone to their heads.
For me - Tyrion, Arya and Theon all enjoyed their best arcs in Clash of Kings so it was important they get their storylines correct and as full as possible for this season, then other characters can take the spotlight next year. Jon Snow has gotten the right amount of screen time this year, but, only if they stick to the key points of his narrative. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve done Tyrion justice but perhaps bodged Theons with the kills of Bran and Rickon, - far too heavy handed, no one thinks they're dead. Ayra at Harrenhal, YES Tywin is great but there is plenty of opportunity to see him next season. They should have rolled the best bits of their 3 scenes together into one decent sized scene and let that be it for their interaction. Because of Tywins/Ayra's father/daughter relationship Harrenhal has lost all its terror (who's gonna touch Tywins Lannisters cup bearer?) and all the power of Ayra surviving the kitchens and using her 3 kills has been lost (and the second kill, and what lead up to it - was imbecilic).
Despite what I've said, I'm not ready to judge the season till its all played out and weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll see where the whole thing goes. BUT just to address something that someone earlier in the thread said when asking â<U+0080>who cares if the details have changed - the main plot points are still there, even if the path leading there is a little different?â<U+0080><U+0099> Well it matters, because how will you feel if when they get to the next book, when the Storm of Swords storyline takes hold, and they change all the cool stuff there too... sure the characters may again end up in the correct place ready for the next book, where yet again perhaps the details are changed again in that season too.
Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a story! The journey is just as important as the results. And Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m, to be honest, was one who was happy with most if not all of the changes in season 1 â<U+0080><U+0093> the aging up, Roz scenes, etc â<U+0080><U+0093> not a problem at all â<U+0080><U+0093> it felt like, where possible, everything was there. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not been the case in some circumstances this time round.
3572	Arkash	2012-05-16	We could get a mention of the chain this episode, perhaps, maybe right in the beginning of episode 9. Like Pellaeon said, Martin wrote it, so he of all the writers will try to stay as close to his books as he possibly can.That is utopic. GRRM has worked on TV, he knows how it works, if the producers or writers decided the chain could be written off, he'd agree with them and not put it.But I'm quite sure they wont talk about it until the last moment in the Battle !
3573	Lannister_Lion	2012-05-16	Firstly I am a fan of the series of books as they were originally written.
Secondly, season 1 deserved to be applauded for being the best book to TV adaption.
When Season 2 bombs at the awards, can all the watchers stop saying how much better at writing D&D are than Martin? I'm sick of hearing that "they are doing a better job than the author! Whats the problem with changing this or that if the end result is the same?"
Ugh, honestly:
an Ironborn was baptised, not DROWNED!? Then SAILED off in a Galleon!!! WTF.
Jamie Lannister, who loves his family VERY much, kills his Coz!??? He is NEVER depicted as irredeemably evil in any of the books, yeah yeah he chucked Bran outta the window. People do crazy things when faced with loosing their lover, but splattering the brains of a boy that hero worshiped him over his cell floor? Nah, I aint buying that BS.
Arya Stark - trainee faceless assasin, killer of at least 3 men (and a couple of boys) and a nifty fighter on the walls of the holdfast is now unrecognizable as the character from the books (and Arya has one of the most harrowing yet triumphant storylines I have ever read)
W. T. F.
There are more, but these are the things that make me want to give D&D their own cleft bloody jaws.
Gah.
					
					
							Edited by Lannister_Lion, 16 May 2012 - 08:10 PM.
3574	mmp	2012-05-16	I'm not 100% satisfied with season 2, but when I think about it... book 2 was my least favorite. Season 2 is so far a better watch than book 2 was a read. HBO is making a lot out of some pretty dry material. Mellisandre is cool when she pops out the demon. Theon and Davos are cool. Everyone else is a bore (Dany, Jon, Catelyn). Tyrion will be cool if the Battle on the Blackwater is a lengthy sequence (is it the full episode? the episode spoiler suggests it is) and shows him charging through the fiery battlefield. Forget the golden chain, just put him on a horse and rally the troops Helm's Deep style.
Seasons 3 and 4 will be awesome because book 3 is awesome. Like book 1, book 3 has a lot of memorable scenes.
At least at the House of the Undying we might get a first mention of Rhaegar & prophecy. If they throw it all out then Dany's story arc this season will have been terribly unimportant, but that's book 2: not much happens for Dany relative to the other characters.
I'm glad they went to Iceland. There just isn't any mythicality in the acting alone.
					
					
							Edited by mmp, 16 May 2012 - 07:57 PM.
3575	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-16	How much has Jon's storyline really changed? From the preview for this episode, it looks like we'll be seeing Qhorin and Jon together again, and I'm sure they'll have dialogue together similar to what was in the books. The story for Jon this season, in my eyes, has very ably portrayed an inner struggle he's feeling about being a member of the Night's Watch. 
The issue with Craster and the White Walker's led Jon to realize that Mormont knows what kind of man Craster is, which is important because it makes Jon question the integrity of their goal. Mormont knows Craster is a shit-heel who sacrifices his sons, but it's a necessary evil in his opinion. The expanded time with Ygritte further breaks down Jon's unquestioning loyalty, as she makes a lot of good points about the nature of freedom and the validity of the oath he decided to take. 
I understand that you want more time with Qhorin and his men, but to what purpose? Ygritte remains integral to Jon's storyline going forward; Qhorin is a catalyst (although a wonderful character in his own rite) for that story to happen. It's more important for an audience to get a sense of her character than it is for them to spend more time with Qhorin, I'd say. And besides, we know for a fact that he'll be in at least two more episodes this season, so we should probably expect that he'll be further developed and that he'll still force Jon to kill him. In that case, the A remained the same, and the C remains the same, so all D&D have really done is ADAPT the B to work better as a television series. I just don't see how you can say they've made any massive, narrative altering changes to Jon's storyline (or anyone's, to be honest) when that's clearly not the case (not to mention there are still three episodes left this season).
I understand you're approaching this from the perspective of a purist, but even so, saying anything has been substantially changed to this point is pure hyperbole. I think I'll defer to David, Dan, Bryan Cogman, and - oh yeah - the author of the novels themselves, rather than worry about inconsequential details being changed or omitted or shuffled around.
3576	Lannister_Lion	2012-05-16	Why did Jon chase Ygritte if he was intending to let her go?
Unless you people that like Jons arc actually think he is that inept with a sword /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
The only reason I can see it was changed, like many of the deviations in season 2, was pure titillation.
Great. Well done HBO for missing the point completely.
3577	gogorath	2012-05-16	I think the sore point for a lot of people IS how well season 1 was apdapted, there was no reason for that not to continue. Not being uber word-for-word faithful but the clearly understood the important points of each storyline. BUT THIS SEASON It's as if the praise they got for such scenes as the Robert/Cersi conversation for example has gone to their heads.Is there not?  A Clash of Kings is a harder adaptation.  Game of Thrones lent itself very well to 10 episodes.  Clash added three major net locations (Stannis', Harrenhal & the Iron Islands).  It added a ton of characters (Stannis, Melisandre, Davos, Yara/Asha, Balon, Xaro, Pyat Pree, Quaithe, Ygritte, Jeyne, Roose, Qhorin, Margaery) along with an increased role for Renly and Sandor (and Tywin, though that's an adaptation choice).So the scope of the story -- already epic in scale -- just got much larger.  Now factor in the Blackwater.  The pre-production and production time of that!  Spending an entire episode in one location!  I think it's very unfair to claim changes are due to the writers' egos.  Why not try to see it their way before making such an accusation?Now, this:For me - Tyrion, Arya and Theon all enjoyed their best arcs in Clash of Kings so it was important they get their storylines correct and as full as possible for this season, then other characters can take the spotlight next year.And this:Jon Snow has gotten the right amount of screen time this year, but, only if they stick to the key points of his narrative. They done Tyrion justice but pherhaps bodged Theons with the kills of Bran and Rickon, - far too heavy handed, no one thinks they're dead. Ayra at Harrenhal, YES Tywin is great but there plenty of oppotunity to see him next season. They should have rolled the best bits of their 3 scenes together into one decent sized scene. Because of Tywins/Ayra's father/daughter relationship Harrenhal has lost all its terror (who's gonnna touch Tywins Lannisters cup bearer?) and all the power of Ayra surving the kitchens and using her 3 kills has been lost (and the second kill, and what lead up to it was imbasilic).Those two statements are wildly inconsistent to me.  Jon's story?  Plot points have changed, but I bet in the end all we've lost is the Wolf Dream and what we've gained is more time with Ygritte, more background on why he might abandon his commitments.  These things are vital to Jon Snow's journey from emo mini-Ned Stark to the man we see in ADwD.You admit Tyrion has been done well (although I don't know how your request that we focus on these three people is consistent with a more faithful adaptation).  And Arya -- I still find her story to be about empowerment.  Perhaps we're just seeing it differently, but I don't think she's particularly safe.  Just the physical beatings of Weese being replaced by the constant fear of discovery.  I suppose I could see your point of view -- except for the idea that what they did is imbecilic.  I actually enjoyed that -- one, it makes sense as to how she wastes her kill and two, I don't mind a bit of humor.  It's missing from too many dramas.Well it matters, because how will you feel if when they get to the next book, when the Storm of Swords storyline takes hold, and they change all the cool stuff there too... sure the characters may again end up in the correct place ready for the next book, where yet again perhaps the details are changed again in that season too.And this is what I don't get.  What is the cool stuff you are referring to?  Jon's storyline is going to be really close, just with a few things added.  Arya -- so Weese isn't beating her.  It's not like they removed Jaqen or something.  So yes, I would mind if say, Dracarys! was completely different next year, but honestly, this is more like Daario Naaharis showing up at Astapor instead of Yunkai.  There's bound to be a lot more changes.  But so far I haven't seen anything ruined, as people as wont to say.  Character's motivations are still intact, even with differences in actions or how we see them.  The story arcs are still there.And frankly, while yours and my favorite scenes at times have changed a bit -- a line here, an element there -- most of the established "must-nail" sequences have been very good and pretty darn faithful.  (One last aside:  I know quite a few watchers who are unsure about Bran and Rickon.  I agree that I wouldn't have been so obvious.  But while it was a bit heavy handed, it's also hard for me to anticipate the problems on the other end.  If you don't telegraph it enough, on the other side, people are frustrated when they are revealed as not realistic.)
3578	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	I felt so guilty so ROFLing at this but it's just so funny. Found it on an imdb thread titled "Luwin pays the Iron Price"http://cdn.wg.uproxx...012/05/nooo.gifI felt so guilty so ROFLing at this but it's just so funny. Found it on an imdb thread titled "Luwin pays the Iron Price"http://cdn.wg.uproxx...012/05/nooo.giflol
3579	gogorath	2012-05-16	Firstly I am a fan of the series of books as they were originally written.Secondly, season 1 deserved to be applauded for being the best book to TV adaption.When Season 2 bombs at the awards, can all the watchers stop saying how much better at writing D&D are than Martin? I'm sick of hearing that "they are doing a better job than the author! Whats the problem with changing this or that if the end result is the same?"How do you even "bomb" at awards?Ugh, honestly:an Ironborn was baptised, not DROWNED!? Then SAILED off in a Galleon!!! WTF.Theon was not drowned in the books; nor were any of the royal family.  Only Aeron was, and very religious people.  And this concept wasn't even introduced until Book 4, I think.Book purists should know the book, no?  I don't know what to say if you think the style of boat is in any way core to story.  Jamie Lannister, who loves his family VERY much, kills his Coz!??? He is NEVER depicted as irredeemably evil in any of the books, yeah yeah he chucked Bran outta the window. People do crazy things when faced with loosing their lover, but splattering the brains of a boy that hero worshiped him over his cell floor? Nah, I aint buying that BS.Please cite one instance where pre-goat Jaime demonstrates any love or even affection for any Lannister outside Tyrion and Cersei.  Just one.  He treats Cleos Frey with contempt, hardly the "Love" you seem to posit.Arya Stark - trainee faceless assasin, killer of at least 3 men (and a couple of boys) and a nifty fighter on the walls of the holdfast is now unrecognizable as the character from the books (and Arya has one of the most harrowing yet triumphant storylines I have ever read)I don't even get this.  She unrecognizable?  Smart, determined, bloodthirsty young girl trying in any way to take control of her own life.  Unrecognizable?  Why did Jon chase Ygritte if he was intending to let her go?Unless you people that like Jons arc actually think he is that inept with a sword /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />The only reason I can see it was changed, like many of the deviations in season 2, was pure titillation.Great. Well done HBO for missing the point completely.Oh, please, great one, what is the point of Jon's story arc?  Please sum it up for us that apparently can't understand.
3580	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-16	Why did Jon chase Ygritte if he was intending to let her go?Unless you people that like Jons arc actually think he is that inept with a sword /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />The only reason I can see it was changed, like many of the deviations in season 2, was pure titillation.Great. Well done HBO for missing the point completely.Titillation? Please look up the definition of that word, then come back to this thread with something resembling a good point. Is it so hard to imagine that Jon missed on purpose, as in the books, but instead of Ygritte being grateful she runs off (presumably to tell the other Wildlings about the presence of the Night's Watch beyond the Wall), forcing Jon to give chase? Perhaps he was naAve to expect gratitude, but Jon's always been naAve, so not much of a stretch there. Perhaps Jon expected her to thank him for sparing her life by not alerting the Wildlings to their presence, but that's obviously not what happened. I just don't understand how some of you seem to lack the ability to connect the dots without things playing out exactly as in the book (for a different example, all the morons who truly thought that Dagmer = Reek).
3581	Kevin79	2012-05-16	You book purists are over reacting. In my opinion, all of the changes they have made have all been to further develop characters. If they adapted the novels without adding anything or changing anything, the TV series wouldn't be as good. The changes they are making have all been in the best interest of people that haven't read the books so they will better understand motivations of characters since they can't show us their thoughts like the novels can. 
Also, anyone that has anything bad to say about the Tywin-Arya scenes is just wrong. There is no middle ground here, those scenes are awesome and the addition of Arya being Tywin's cup bearer has improved the hell out of her arc. She has already seen plenty of terrible things and she will see more. There is no need for her entire Harrenhal arc to be totally dark. This way we get to see more of Tywin, developing him for his huge role to play next season and we get to see two awesome characters interact that didn't get the chance in the book. No one should be complaining.
3582	iheartseverus	2012-05-16	This thread is about Episode 18.  Episode 18.  Not about how good/bad the over-all HBO adaptation is, or isn't .  Can we get back to the topic at hand, peeps?    Now, please.
3583	iheartseverus	2012-05-16	This thread is about Episode 18.  Episode 18.  Not about how good/bad the over-all HBO adaptation is, or isn't .  Can we get back to the topic at hand, peeps?	Now, please.ON TOPIC.  AND LETS KEEP IT ON TOPIC.  So, will we see Jaqen actually change his 'face?'  Could be fascinating.  A Man turns away a bit, turns back, and... he's different.  He's him, but he's not him.  Ayra's reaction will be priceless, and as good as Maisie has been all along, she'll nail it.  I'd think this would be something HBO would gladly dive into--the make-up department would be thrilled to take their skills to a whole new level.  Can't wait!
3584	_Oberyn_	2012-05-16	On topic /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> still no dragon glass stash. They have to introduce it this season if they will at all. It wont be Jon that finds it and it wont be episode 9. So is down to Sam in episode 8 or 10. Do you think it will be this week or most likely in episode 10 before the attack?
3585	iheartseverus	2012-05-16	On topic /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> still no dragon glass stash. They have to introduce it this season if they will at all. It wont be Jon that finds it and it wont be episode 9. So is down to Sam in episode 8 or 10. Do you think it will be this week or most likely in episode 10 before the attack?Absolutely hope it'll be this episode--we need some Sam, we need some new 'what's this about' for the non-book readers.  Fingers crossed for dragon glass.  So, in the preview, who's Ayra talking about when she tells Jaqen 'kill him now?'  Tywin?  Or the Mountain?
3586	Davos55	2012-05-16	Because it was nothing but boring, tedious descriptions of warging and lots of useless travelings that Martin likes to write about , though it's my least favorite thing in the books . Bottom line is that doesn't work in the show as in the books, you need some type of development or non book readers will get bored of his story. Just read some non book readers forums and you will see this .Did we read the same book here? That sounds nothing like Jon's chapters at all, especially not his last few. The way things worked out in the books would have worked out great on TV and had some epic moments where fans could really root for Jon.  Him and the rangers having to escape and try desperately to get back to the Fist, being stalked, Jon getting advice from Qhorin and learning to be a better man and ranger, the waterfall retreat, his last convo with Qhorin, strong introduction to Rattleshirt and other wildlings, and amazing last stand.  You don't even know how pumped I and many other fans were to see this translated on TV.Instead we get Jon being dumb and boring for multiple scenes having Ygritte talk to him about sex and blue balls. Wow..if that is more exciting than what I wrote above..then..we have very different definitions of the word.  These scenes had no development for his character at all, they artificially moved the plot forward after 2 needless scenes between them, leading to a new situation that in my opinion will pale in comparison to the novel's version of events.  His developments with Ygritte have plenty of time to happen in season 3, and replacing the strengthening of Jon's character to having him make more careless decisions is just a terrible move on part of the producers.Finally, I know a ton of non book fans and they are very bored by the show's version of Jon's story this year. Especially last episode they thought he was a moron and that Ygritte was just coming on way too strong and he was clearly being led to a trap.  These changes have made people like Jon less that I have talked to..and that really sucks. Hopefully this all turns around, but I won't get my hopes up.
3587	Davos55	2012-05-16	On Topic Reply:
I would love to see Sam and Grenn this episode, and the introduction of Dragon Glass would be very cool.  I think the show has done a great job with those 2 characters and would love to see more of them.
I wonder how much time will be spent with Theon this episode. I know the title of the episode deals with him, but that may be misleading as far as how much time is on him.  They have a lot of bases to cover before the Battle of The Blackwater, so it will be interesting to see where the time spent in this episode will go!
3588	Bayard	2012-05-17	On Topic Reply: I would love to see Sam and Grenn this episode, and the introduction of Dragon Glass would be very cool. I think the show has done a great job with those 2 characters and would love to see more of them. I wonder how much time will be spent with Theon this episode. I know the title of the episode deals with him, but that may be misleading as far as how much time is on him. They have a lot of bases to cover before the Battle of The Blackwater, so it will be interesting to see where the time spent in this episode will go!I guess, at least 10 minutes with Theon, 2-3 scenes, he has some talking to do with Yara, and to prepare for the fall of Winterfell in ep 10 (although, I would like for them to move it to next season... so it has Ramsay in it. But I don't get my hopes up... they will likely end his story with a cliffhanger)
3589	The Flaying Man	2012-05-17	On topic /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> still no dragon glass stash. They have to introduce it this season if they will at all. It wont be Jon that finds it and it wont be episode 9. So is down to Sam in episode 8 or 10. Do you think it will be this week or most likely in episode 10 before the attack?I think they'll find it in this episode, since in Recap #17 on YouTube (which is always the "Previously on Game Of Thrones" segment for the next episode), it shows Sam and the Watch on the Fist. So, hopefully they'll find the obsidian in this episode!
					
					
							Edited by A_Man, 17 May 2012 - 02:56 AM.
3590	StarkWard	2012-05-17	ON TOPIC. AND LETS KEEP IT ON TOPIC. So, will we see Jaqen actually change his 'face?' Could be fascinating. A Man turns away a bit, turns back, and... he's different. He's him, but he's not him. Ayra's reaction will be priceless, and as good as Maisie has been all along, she'll nail it. I'd think this would be something HBO would gladly dive into--the make-up department would be thrilled to take their skills to a whole new level. Can't wait!ON TOPIC. AND LETS KEEP IT ON TOPIC. So, will we see Jaqen actually change his 'face?' Could be fascinating. A Man turns away a bit, turns back, and... he's different. He's him, but he's not him. Ayra's reaction will be priceless, and as good as Maisie has been all along, she'll nail it. I'd think this would be something HBO would gladly dive into--the make-up department would be thrilled to take their skills to a whole new level. Can't wait!Question is how will they do the face-changing with a passing of a hand? Turning around and turning back don't quite achieve the wow factor, so I hope they stay true to the moving-hand-over-face scenario. that's just be awesome.
3591	Lady Olenna	2012-05-17	Just watching episode 7 again- I would just like to point out something stupid yet none the less valid (depending) but I really can't handle anymore "XaronXan Daxos" (spelling?). It really grates that they have to say it over and over and it's always awkwardly delivered. Why not just Xaro?  
Ok. I'm done. Sorry for being juvenile. It just really bugs.
To keep on topic - when does Marg come to KL? Will it be this season or next? 
And is anyone else as excited as I am to see Alfie develop into Reek?  I'm so impressed with him - I think he can pull it off - If he can make me feel sympathy for Theon I'm thinking he will nail the role of Reek.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Olenna, 17 May 2012 - 04:03 AM.
3592	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-17	To keep on topic - when does Marg come to KL? Will it be this season or next?The episode summary for episode 20 says that Joffrey gives rewards to his subject, so I expect we'll see him being betrothed to Margaery. It would be a nice conclusion to Sansa's arc.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 17 May 2012 - 05:19 AM.
3593	Crown	2012-05-17	The episode summary for episode 20 says that Joffrey gives rewards to his subject, so I expect we'll see him being betrothed to Margaery. It would be a nice conclusion to Sansa's arc.When does Margaery to Kings' Landing in the books? It slipped my mind.
3594	The Maid of Mansfield	2012-05-17	I truly think they will include Tyrion's chain but we - the audience - might not see it until the very last minute, when it is at work during the battle. It makes for better TV I suppose.
3595	Arkash	2012-05-17	I guess they will show Joffrey accepting to wed Margaery, it will be a nice ending for Sansa, like in the books, people will feel relieved for her.As for the chain, I'm quite sure we will see it in the last moment.I think they'll find it in this episode, since in Recap #17 on YouTube (which is always the "Previously on Game Of Thrones" segment for the next episode), it shows Sam and the Watch on the Fist. So, hopefully they'll find the obsidian in this episode!I'd bet too this will be this coming episode, great ! Cant wait to see what the dragonglass will look like ! And how will Sam, Edd and Grenn finds it !
3596	Silverx2	2012-05-17	Firstly I am a fan of the series of books as they were originally written.Secondly, season 1 deserved to be applauded for being the best book to TV adaption.When Season 2 bombs at the awards, can all the watchers stop saying how much better at writing D&D are than Martin? I'm sick of hearing that "they are doing a better job than the author! Whats the problem with changing this or that if the end result is the same?"Ugh, honestly:an Ironborn was baptised, not DROWNED!? Then SAILED off in a Galleon!!! WTF.Jamie Lannister, who loves his family VERY much, kills his Coz!??? He is NEVER depicted as irredeemably evil in any of the books, yeah yeah he chucked Bran outta the window. People do crazy things when faced with loosing their lover, but splattering the brains of a boy that hero worshiped him over his cell floor? Nah, I aint buying that BS.Arya Stark - trainee faceless assasin, killer of at least 3 men (and a couple of boys) and a nifty fighter on the walls of the holdfast is now unrecognizable as the character from the books (and Arya has one of the most harrowing yet triumphant storylines I have ever read)W. T. F.There are more, but these are the things that make me want to give D&D their own cleft bloody jaws.Gah.I couldn't help but laugh at this entire post. You are so out of touch with reality, this post made me think about that patton oswalt joke about telling the professor who fires the phasers.
3597	MadMage	2012-05-17	I'm personally hoping that Davos doesn't get a lordship or position as hand of the king in this episode. When he gets the titles was a poignant moment that showed how Melisandre wasn't quite as vile as Davos perceived her to be, showed character growth in Stannis, and gave a sliver of hope that the cause of the King on Dragonstone was not done. Besides, the line "Then we will make new lords" from Stannis is too good to pass up. Instead, I suspect it will be Stannis informing Davos that he would receive a lordship once the assault is proven successful. This rankles the other lords and further motivates them to not follow Davos' orders as they plan to earn favour/honour in Davos' stead once Stannis takes the throne. Later, when he is released from the dungeon, the scene can still play out without any changes and would give non-book readers a clearer idea of why it's a big deal that Stannis chooses to promote Davos to a lord even if he did "fail".
As for the dragonglass, I think episode 8 would be the best episode to introduce it as it would seem too convenient if they find it in episode 10 just before the attack (assuming it takes place then).
Daenerys' storyline in season 2 has been a breath of fresh air compared to the books. I wouldn't even mind if the final scene for her plotline is just her entering the House of the Undying as the Yunkai/Astapor/Meereen bits are terribly bloated, uninteresting even from a world building point of view, and lame. Even the Unsullied part, I saw coming a mile away the moment she agreed to the deal to trade one of her dragons. I couldn't even fathom why they just didn't send the Unsullied to capture the dragons in the first place if they were willing to trade their entire mercenary army for just 1!
3598	VladofWallachia	2012-05-17	Here's what's probably going to happen: Tywin leaves Harrenhall, Arya hears that Bolton is approaching with his northmen and gets Jaqen to cooperate as in the books (except for the weasel stew, they'll probably murder some guards and open the gates). In any case, Occupy Harrenhall 1321 will happen as the image of hanging Lannister men in the preview tells.
Jon, who we saw in the promo will be brought to Rattleshirt, will probably be joined shortly by the Halfhand and in captivity he will order him to turn his cloak.
As for Tyrion's chain, yea, it will probably be revealed in episode 9. I hope the 3  Whores (is that what the trebuches were called?) will make an appearence.
As for Theon, yea, he'll get scorned by Asha (did you hear that, David and Dan?) and she'll take some of his men and be like "OK then, bai, l8erz" and leave Theon broken hearted. Some time in episode 8 or 9 the Bastard of Bolton will come and do kind of what he does in the book (aka pillage, rape, murder, incinerate, all that good stuff). And we won't hear from Theon for a while. Or maybe we will. I think we'll get to see his slow transformation into Reek in season 3... More pointless screentime for the rusted Ironborn.
Dany will burn the House of the Undying and probably kill Xaro and depart for Astapor to wreak some sweet, sweet havoc.
Robb will probably screw the Freys by screwing Jeyne Westerling (aka Volantis Magi. I think that was the name she had) and of course Cat will free Jaime and get the smackdown from Karstartk, just before he loses his head. And I think Karstark's beheading will happen this season.
The Winterfell foursome will chill out (literally) in the catacombs until the end of the season when, I predict, Meera and Jojen (who I guess as this all happens are en route) will find Winterfell in ruins and as they search they come across them. If not, I really don't see how Bran and Hodor will sustain that storyline next season.
Did I miss anything?
Stannis! Yea, we won't see him until the Blackwater probably.
And that's pretty much it. Let's see if I am right.
3599	Aegnor	2012-05-17	I'd like to talk about the Jon plot line a second. I am hanging all my hopes for it on the line from the summary published by HBO for episode 10 (something about Jon proving himself to Halfhand). For that to happen, he has to get away from the wildlings at this point and this can't be how he "joins" the wildlings. For him to be captured, and then just join them to avoid death, would be disastrous IMO. So therefore, this is what I think will happen.
1) Jon is captured by the wildlings and brought before Rattleshirt where Ygritte announces him as Ned Stark's son (we see this in the previews). Not long after this Ghost shows up and starts laying into people, distracting people enough for Jon to get his sword back. Halfhand and the others may be involved in this rescue attempt. Jon has the chance to kill Ygritte, but hesitates and lets her go.
Presto, Jon's back with Halfhand, and this plot is back on track.
3600	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-17	When does Margaery to Kings' Landing in the books? It slipped my mind.I thought it was at the end of ACOK? Even if it wasn't, I'd be very surprised if she didn't appear again this season.
3601	Lady Olenna	2012-05-17	Firstly I am a fan of the series of books as they were originally written.Secondly, season 1 deserved to be applauded for being the best book to TV adaption.When Season 2 bombs at the awards, can all the watchers stop saying how much better at writing D&amp;D are than Martin? I'm sick of hearing that "they are doing a better job than the author! Whats the problem with changing this or that if the end result is the same?"Ugh, honestly:an Ironborn was baptised, not DROWNED!? Then SAILED off in a Galleon!!! WTF.Jamie Lannister, who loves his family VERY much, kills his Coz!??? He is NEVER depicted as irredeemably evil in any of the books, yeah yeah he chucked Bran outta the window. People do crazy things when faced with loosing their lover, but splattering the brains of a boy that hero worshiped him over his cell floor? Nah, I aint buying that BS.Arya Stark - trainee faceless assasin, killer of at least 3 men (and a couple of boys) and a nifty fighter on the walls of the holdfast is now unrecognizable as the character from the books (and Arya has one of the most harrowing yet triumphant storylines I have ever read)W. T. F.There are more, but these are the things that make me want to give D&amp;D their own cleft bloody jaws.Gah.Ok. The average viewer is not going to care about the small details that make the book phenomenal. Like a galleon or baptism vs. being drowned. And season 1 was so well adapted because there were fewer characters, plots and locations. D&D do have time and financial budgets to adhere to. As it is, I would guess that non readers are already overwhelmed by the new events of the season.  With Arya - her character has to be developed in a way that viewers can elate and empathize with her. If she went from escapee of KL to faceless assassin in training viewers would be thinking she is a lunatic psychopath. We need to see her intelligence, courage, strength develop through things like conversations with Tywin. We also get to see a lot about both characters in these conversations. When he tells her she reminds him of his daughter I though "crap. She actually does in a lot of respects," something I had never put together before that point. And Jaime killing his coz is out of character but viewers get to hate him all the more before he comes to his redemptive qualities. He's one of my favorite characters and I'm ok with the change.  I'm so excited to see he and Brienne interact. With the show there has to be build up and it has to be simple enough for non readers to not only understand easily but maintain interest. So far, I think the show has been great.
3602	Crown	2012-05-17	I thought it was at the end of ACOK? Even if it wasn't, I'd be very surprised if she didn't appear again this season.I think at the beginning of Storm, however for the tv series it'll be good for her to get to Kings' Landing by the end of the season.
3603	Hyper	2012-05-17	I for one sincerely hope that Martin has some sharp words with D+D. He himself is a book purist afterall when it comes to adaptations in general. /Rant over.What gives you that idea? He is far less purist than many of you, and has only expressed great admiration for what D&amp;amp;D are doing. He did start out as a television writer himself, you know.You are of course welcome to cite proof, but all interviews I have with GRRM he has been aware of the differences, but not shown any outrage. Any disappointment seems more rooted with the limitations of the medium and budget - not their creative liberties.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 17 May 2012 - 03:07 PM.
3604	protar	2012-05-17	What gives you that idea? He is far less purist than many of you, and has only expressed great admiration for what D&amp;D are doing. He did start out as a television writer himself, you know.He's said in interviews before that he prefers adaptations to remain faithful to the source material. I remember him complaining about the Thor movie for just this reason. And tbh most of his admiration towards D+D I've seen have been from S1 and early S2, which were very faithful. So I don't know if there are any recent interviews were he's been expressing his enthusiasm. And if there is, well they have an image to keep up. Dissent between D+D and Martin is bad publicity so I doubt we'll get Martin bitching about the show in public any time soon (not to say he's even doing in private necessarily.).I am aware that he started out as a TV writer and in fact watching some of those interviews really helped me understand the processes of TV adapatations a bit more, so I can back up my snarky complaints with more information /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. But quite frankly a lot of the changes on GOT don't seem to have good (if any) justifications, such as the changes Martin had to make in his shows.
3605	Chelly	2012-05-17	Well, Sunday can't come soon enough. I wonder who Arya's final name is going to be. Jaqen didn't look to happy about it. I hope they keep Arya's tricking Jaqen to get him to do more for her. At this point, I'm not sure its going to happen.
I wonder who Cersei is going to have whipped in Shae's place, but I have a strong feeling it will be Ros. Is this why Tyrion is so mad at Cersei?
I'm sure it will end with Stannis reaching King's Landing to kick start Blackwater.
3606	Ran	2012-05-17	This discussion should really be in GoT General. Please leave this thread for discussing episode 8.
3607	iheartseverus	2012-05-17	Well, Sunday can't come soon enough. I wonder who Arya's final name is going to be. Jaqen didn't look to happy about it. I hope they keep Arya's tricking Jaqen to get him to do more for her. At this point, I'm not sure its going to happen. I wonder who Cersei is going to have whipped in Shae's place, but I have a strong feeling it will be Ros. Is this why Tyrion is so mad at Cersei? I'm sure it will end with Stannis reaching King's Landing to kick start Blackwater.Just curiious why you think its going to be someone other than Shae who gets whipped?
3608	Chelly	2012-05-17	Just curiious why you think its going to be someone other than Shae who gets whipped?Isn't that what happens in the book? Alayaya is mistaken for Tyrion's love interest and Cersei has her beaten? I guess the show doesn't have to follow it though...
3609	boojam	2012-05-17	Question is how will they do the face-changing with a passing of a hand? Turning around and turning back don't quite achieve the wow factor, so I hope they stay true to the moving-hand-over-face scenario. that's just be awesome.Well they have done well with the CGI this season, tho we seem kind of shorted on dragons and direwolves...I guess it's gonna be VFX city these last three episodes.
3610	House Snow	2012-05-17	Isn't that what happens in the book? Alayaya is mistaken for Tyrion's love interest and Cersei has her beaten? I guess the show doesn't have to follow it though...I don't see why people don't think Ros makes sense.  Someone, say the hound, basically just has to tell cersei that she is the same whore who was in Winterfell with Tyrion.  The scene they showed in the preview with Ty and Shae sound like it came after whatever Cersei did, sort of them talking in a that was a close call mannerAlso I have a spitball.  I wonder if they are setting Shae up to be jealous of the Sansa/Tyrion relationship so that her actions later on have stronger grounding.As for the rest of the episode I expect The arya storyline to follow fairly close to the book (could have sworn she said I need YOU dead to Hagar in the preview)  Think Jons storyline will head back toward the book as well.  Not sure about Jaimie, seems kind of early to let him go and logistically I don't see how she is going to sneak pass all those men.  Still think hand chopping is possiblity although that would cut out the Brienne fight and I don't see them doing that.  Think Davos will be made hand/lord and that we will see squabbling with the other generals.  No idea whats gonig to happen with Dany as it seems like HoTU is episode 10.
3611	The Frostfangs	2012-05-17	I don't see why people don't think Ros makes sense. Someone, say the hound, basically just has to tell cersei that she is the same whore who was in Winterfell with Tyrion.exactly!
3612	iheartseverus	2012-05-17	The only reason I keep thinking Shae rather than Ros, is that Shae suddenly appeared as Sansa's handmaid, yet, Cercei didn't appoint her as she presumably did Sansa's other 'ladies.'  The Hound has seen Shae in Sansa's chambers, the other maid(s) have seen Shae there with Sansa--presumably they gossip and tattle to Cercei.  I mean, who is this mystery woman dancing attendance on Sansa?  Surely, its court gossip.  All Cercei needs to find out is that it was Tyrion who appointed Shae to Sansa, and that's that.
3613	Warden of the North121	2012-05-17	I don't see why people don't think Ros makes sense. Someone, say the hound, basically just has to tell cersei that she is the same whore who was in Winterfell with Tyrion. The scene they showed in the preview with Ty and Shae sound like it came after whatever Cersei did, sort of them talking in a that was a close call manner Also I have a spitball. I wonder if they are setting Shae up to be jealous of the Sansa/Tyrion relationship so that her actions later on have stronger grounding.It's hard to believe Shae would be jealous of Tyrion and Sansa's marriage unless they portray it differently from the books. Neither Tyrion nor Sansa wanted the marriage and they only went through with it because they knew they'd be screwed if they refused
3614	Arkash	2012-05-17	As for the rest of the episode, looking forward to the Obsidian / Dragonglass scene, the one I'm looking forward the most !
I guess Stannis will give Davos his lordship there and that it will upset the other lords so they wont listen to Davos during the battle and head right into the fire.
And I bet the episode will close on the fleet entering Blackwater Bay.
3615	Chelly	2012-05-17	The only reason I keep thinking Shae rather than Ros, is that Shae suddenly appeared as Sansa's handmaid, yet, Cercei didn't appoint her as she presumably did Sansa's other 'ladies.'  The Hound has seen Shae in Sansa's chambers, the other maid(s) have seen Shae there with Sansa--presumably they gossip and tattle to Cercei.  I mean, who is this mystery woman dancing attendance on Sansa?  Surely, its court gossip.  All Cercei needs to find out is that it was Tyrion who appointed Shae to Sansa, and that's that.That's true I just can't see Tyrion justifiably keeping Shae in court after that sort of incident nor can I see Shae wanting to stick around knowing for real what the cost of her involvement with Tyrion means to Cersei. Shae needs to be there for the next season, but I guess he could just hide her somewhere in KL after Cersei discovers her. I have no problem with some of the show's deviations from the book and I guess if they really make it Shae who gets whipped, they will find a way to make it work.I always thought Shae's inability to understand or care that another girl was beaten in place for her and afterwards still demanding she be included in Tyrion's world was the beginning of Tyrion's opinions changing about her.Then again Shae on the show is much tougher and harder than Shae in the books. I guess we will have to wait and see. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3616	jlk7e	2012-05-17	I don't see why people don't think Ros makes sense. Someone, say the hound, basically just has to tell cersei that she is the same whore who was in Winterfell with Tyrion.She's also the same whore whom Tyrion sent to his hated nephew and who was abused by him.  Cersei and Tyrion *just talked about this incident*, and Tyrion's reaction when Cersei mentions it is a kind of nonchalant "yeah, that wasn't a very good idea."  Why on earth would Cersei believe that this whore that Tyrion idiotically delivered into Joffrey's abusive hands means anything to him?  Why would she think that she can get Tyrion to do anything by threatening her?
3617	boojam	2012-05-17	I thought she said "I need YOU dead..." not him.In the book Arya makes Jaqen swear and swear....and says neither 'him' or 'you' , but a name.However D&D have broken the third person motif more often than George* did so I am allowing for poetic license.It may be that Arya does name a certain 'him', but Jaqen tells her it will take a few years for that to happen, so she changes to her ploy.*I find only one instance of George doing it in the book.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 May 2012 - 07:30 PM.
3618	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-17	This is one of the least faithful adaptation of a book series I've ever seenI think it's a great adaptation.Read Pillars of the Earth. Watch the Miniseries.Then my friend, you will be truely thankful for how good this adaptation has been.Pillars is one of my favourite books. The show was a disgrace.
3619	Ciglon	2012-05-17	The only reason I keep thinking Shae rather than Ros, is that Shae suddenly appeared as Sansa's handmaid, yet, Cercei didn't appoint her as she presumably did Sansa's other 'ladies.' The Hound has seen Shae in Sansa's chambers, the other maid(s) have seen Shae there with Sansa--presumably they gossip and tattle to Cercei. I mean, who is this mystery woman dancing attendance on Sansa? Surely, its court gossip. All Cercei needs to find out is that it was Tyrion who appointed Shae to Sansa, and that's that.        I don't think this is the case or else Varys will have hell to pay from Tyrion, plus I think you might be underestimating Varys' ability to keep secret things secret even in the Red Keep itself. Remember I think Varys' and Tyrion's relationship is going to be positive this episode up until maybe the battle of the blackwater when Tyrion loses power, and keeping Shae safe is vital to that relationship. Plus the rest of the seasons to come just won't make sense if Cersei knows about Shae, I can't imagine her knowing about a weak spot in Tyrion and not using that to it's full potential, the only reason Shae is kept safe for as long as she is in the books is probably because Cersei was clueless about who she was.[EDIT]: Also, I don't think the lowly task of appointing handmaidens is left to the Queen Regent of the Realm during war-time, I highly doubt Cersei appoints any handmaids, even for a hostage such as Sansa (who she feels is perfectly within her grasp in the Red Keep and singularly incapable of escape or serious plotting). [/EDIT]I guess Stannis will give Davos his lordship there and that it will upset the other lords so they wont listen to Davos during the battle and head right into the fire. And I bet the episode will close on the fleet entering Blackwater Bay.        I don't think Stannis will give Davos his lordship just yet (has to happen at the same time as him becoming Hand imo after being in the dungeons), also he doesn't need a lordship in order for the other captains and lords to be jealous of him, in fact, the fact that he has control over the fleet without being a lord may even make them more jealous after the coddling that Renly gave most of them. They will want to prove that Stannis is crazy for giving control over his fleet to his favourite who's only an onion knight instead of a lord, and try to prove that by taking their own command against Davos' plans and suffering for it. But yeah, I think the episode will probably end with Stannis being in view of King's Landing, very exciting to see the last preparations for the battle in this next episode...
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 17 May 2012 - 07:47 PM.
3620	House Snow	2012-05-17	She's also the same whore whom Tyrion sent to his hated nephew and who was abused by him. Cersei and Tyrion *just talked about this incident*, and Tyrion's reaction when Cersei mentions it is a kind of nonchalant "yeah, that wasn't a very good idea." Why on earth would Cersei believe that this whore that Tyrion idiotically delivered into Joffrey's abusive hands means anything to him? Why would she think that she can get Tyrion to do anything by threatening her?Well technically she wasn't the whore that was abused-that was nuRos.  Besides just b/c she knew that it happened doesn't mean she knew the actual whore involved.  I think its pretty unlikely that she would know Ros by looks.
3621	sillent	2012-05-17	hoping to see the chain & dragonglass!
I think since we have 3 episodes that hopefully gives us time to properly see Aryas and Theons arc wrap up nicely (I highly doubt ep9 will be nothing but the battle /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
I really hope we see the dreams come in though -- they play an important role in theorycrafting and the whole "prophecy" element of the books
3622	flinky	2012-05-17	the way i see it all:
the chain could just be mentioned between Tyrion and Bronn
when Asha/Yara comes to Theon she may have prisoners with her from Rodrik Cassel's group, who were the ones who captured Reek and have him along with them.  then leaves with Cleftjaw and others leaving Theon almost alone there
Robb being betrayed could be that he finds out about Westerling and that is when they hook up/get married, he also finds out about Bran and Rickon.  this makes the Freys and Karstarks leave
Jon could still be shown warging with Ghost walking around while he sleeps at the wildling camp
Arya doesnt get to use her last kill and it is saved until the last episode where she could use it to get the northerners out of the cells
idk either way i like how it is turning out
3623	jlk7e	2012-05-18	Well technically she wasn't the whore that was abused-that was nuRos. Besides just b/c she knew that it happened doesn't mean she knew the actual whore involved. I think its pretty unlikely that she would know Ros by looks.This is true, but I just don't think that the Ros thing would make any sense to non-book-readers.  Those of us who read the book are obviously looking for someone to fill the Alayaya role from the books, but that's not how adaptations work.  Ros has not played the Alayaya role up to this point, and putting her in it now wouldn't really make any sense.  And that's exacerbated by Tyrion's conversation with Cersei.
3624	protar	2012-05-18	About this "I need HIM dead" thing with Arya and Jaqen, perhaps she's just saying she needs someone dead, and then reveals that it's Jaqen.
3625	Arkash	2012-05-18	It's a possibilty too, yeah, I was thinking of it...
Or it is that Arya realize she just wasted her deaths and maybe asks Tywin or Gregor. Then, Jaqen tells her he can but it will take longer, so she backs up... but I much prefer she decides at first who she wants to kill and doesnt change that after...
So I hope you are right, protar.
3626	Chelly	2012-05-18	About this "I need HIM dead" thing with Arya and Jaqen, perhaps she's just saying she needs someone dead, and then reveals that it's Jaqen.I hope so, too. I'd hate for one of Arya's most brilliant moments to be left out.I wonder if we will get another mention of Bolton's "bastard at the Dreadfort". That would be so cool.I think Robb and Jey...er Talisa are going to hook up this episode.
3627	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	With the end of the season coming and the leaving of Jaqen Hâ<U+0080><U+0099>ghar it does bring up certain questions.Are they going to show that he can change his face?Is it going to be the same actor with makeup/prosthetic, or a different actor?Is this going to be the actual last time we see him? Clearly George has a plan which is why we see him in Feast, however what are they going to do for the two seasons heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not doing anything?Could we possibly get an early look at the House of Black and White on Braavos, maybe Jaqen telling the kindly old man to expect a young highborn visitor?Those are all really good questions. Yes, they have to show that he can change his face. I doubt theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll use makeup and prosthetics, given that a different actor would be more believable as an unbelivable thing â<U+0080><U+0094> so to speak.  But two actors would cost more than one actor.  I think your third point is really important, because we know they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like actors waiting around for reasons that arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t yet greenlit â<U+0080><U+0094> the fact that  we may not see Ser Barristan again until third season nothwithstanding.  I find it pretty unlikely that weâ<U+0080><U+0099>d see anything of the House of Black and White, since the set hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t been built yet.
3628	WhiteWalder	2012-05-18	We need a chain being made in this episode, and planning for the battle of Blackwater.
3629	The Monkey	2012-05-18	God, there is so much to fit in in this episode, I certainly hope they use the full 60 minutes.
Also, why is there a "previously in GoT..." at the start of every episode? Last season I only recall there being a recap in one episode. It takes up valuable time, and if people missed last episode, they could easily read up on it on Wikipedia before the episode starts.
3630	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	God, there is so much to fit in in this episode, I certainly hope they use the full 60 minutes.Also, why is there a "previously in Game of Thrones..." at the start of every episode? Last season I only recall there being a recap in one episode. It takes up valuable time, and if people missed last episode, they could easily read up on it on Wikipedia before the episode starts.They have the â<U+0080><U+009C>previously on Game of Thronesâ<U+0080><U+009D> segment not just  because it refreshes peopleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s memories, but also because it points out which past elements are especially relevant to the current episode. Notice how they sometimes have things in their recap that arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t from the immediately-previous episode, but from an earlier one.The ridiculous notion that people â<U+0080><U+009C>could just go to Wikipediaâ<U+0080><U+009D> is completely unworkable both for practical and for theoretical reasons.You donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want folks to have to sift through mounds of information to find the salient points. You want them to know what the important stuff is without revealing spoilers. And this numbskull notion that if you have a TV, or even a DVD player, that you ipso facto necessarily have internet connectivity is so staggeringly untrue that its conception beggars the imagination.
3631	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-18	Also, why is there a "previously in GoT..." at the start of every episode? Last season I only recall there being a recap in one episode. It takes up valuable time, and if people missed last episode, they could easily read up on it on Wikipedia before the episode starts.It's for people who don't remember important details from one episode to the next, which seems to be a large segment of the audience if my conversations with non-book readers are any indication.
3632	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	It's for people who don't remember important details from one episode to the next, which seems to be a large segment of the audience if my conversations with non-book readers are any indication.Yes, indeed. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like why smart kids donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have a problem jumping right back into the fall semester at school after summer vacation, but average / regular / normal kids donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, because they never learned the material in the first place and have poor memories to boot.  No mass-market media production can risk shutting out the average â<U+0080><U+0094> and thus, slow-witted â<U+0080><U+0094> viewer.  If half the people are below average, and you shut them out, you lose half your market share.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like the way Microsoft creates everything for stupid people, because doing things for smart people would offend the stupid people... and their bottom line. Nobody worries about offending the smart people.  Unfortunately.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 18 May 2012 - 08:04 AM.
3633	insertname	2012-05-18	Honestly, if I hadn't read the books before and only saw one hour GoT every week, I'd probably be happy about some reminders what happened as well. As a book reader, you spend a lot more time with the plot and thus are quite familiar with it, but it's absolutely understandable and nothing out of the ordinary if a show viewer forgets what exactly happened one week ago...or two...or three.
3634	Crown	2012-05-18	I swear I hear Arya saying 'I need you dead right now'.
3635	simethos	2012-05-18	The omission of the Reeds is really upsetting me. I can't seem to grasp how they mean to continue on with Bran's storyline without them? I'm really hoping they introduced later, and are not completely taken out of the story. I just don't see how Osha is a worthy substitute for Jojen, and all that he knows. Also, how are they going to separate the boys when the time comes? Like I said, I really hope they introduce them in some unique way or I'm going to be really upset with the producers of this show.
They have really taken a lot of liberties with the characters story lines, and I'm surprised there is not a lot more outrage. In fact, for the most part, the Daeny changes are getting mostly positive feedback and that is just mindboggling to me. Talk about skewing something for dramatic effect. WOW is all I had to say, after I screamed at the tv "that never happened!". 
I'm sorry...I love the show. I love the books, but this season is giving me an ulcer.
3636	tryagainlater	2012-05-18	It would make sense for the House of the Undying to be in this episode but people seem to think it's been moved to episode 10. What's up with that?
3637	simethos	2012-05-18	It would make sense for the House of the Undying to be in this episode but people seem to think it's been moved to episode 10. What's up with that?The House of the Undying has to be in the next episode, unless they're going to give Daeny a break. But realistically, how could they? She finally knows where her dragons are, and after the scene with the 13 getting the knife, they can't just give her the night off and leave everyone hanging.
3638	protar	2012-05-18	The House of the Undying has to be in the next episode, unless they're going to give Daeny a break. But realistically, how could they? She finally knows where her dragons are, and after the scene with the 13 getting the knife, they can't just give her the night off and leave everyone hanging.The preview for E10 says "Dany goes to a strange place" so that sounds like The HOTU. I reckon we'll get a brief Dany scene in E8 with her agonizing over what to do, maybe revealing where the hell Doreah is, then she'll disappear for E9, and then we'll get the HOTU in E10. This gives her arc a dramatic climax and it also allows them to put the remainder of the Qarth stuff in S3, which will allow them to stretch out her arc if (as I think.) they're aiming for S3 E10 to end with Dracarys.
3639	Crown	2012-05-18	The preview for E10 says "Dany goes to a strange place" so that sounds like The HOTU. I reckon we'll get a brief Dany scene in E8 with her agonizing over what to do, maybe revealing where the hell Doreah is, then she'll disappear for E9, and then we'll get the HOTU in E10. This gives her arc a dramatic climax and it also allows them to put the remainder of the Qarth stuff in S3, which will allow them to stretch out her arc if (as I think.) they're aiming for S3 E10 to end with Dracarys.Or the strange place is the Slavers Bay ... EDIT: E8 HOTU, E9 Arstan Whitebeard and her flee from Qarth, E10 arrival at Slavers Bay.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 18 May 2012 - 11:34 AM.
3640	zippypoodle	2012-05-18	We already had Jaime killing Alton for no reason...They already said f*** to logic.I want Dagmer = Ramsay. If Jaime had killed Alton and then made no attempt to escape, I'd agree with the "no reason", but since that's not what happened, I cannot agree. Maybe it wasn't well planned, but it was a reason.
3641	protar	2012-05-18	Or the strange place is the Slavers Bay ... EDIT: E8 HOTU, E9 Arstan Whitebeard and her flee from Qarth, E10 arrival at Slavers Bay.Possibly. Though as I said, I think that Dany's arc in S3 will be ending with Dracarys so I don't see them pushing any of Slavers Bay forwards. It just makes more sense to be the HOTU. There's nothing wrong with having a couple of episodes of build up, especially as E9 will probably focus almost entirely on KL. So I doubt we'll get any Dany for Blackwater.
3642	Crown	2012-05-18	Possibly. Though as I said, I think that Dany's arc in S3 will be ending with Dracarys so I don't see them pushing any of Slavers Bay forwards. It just makes more sense to be the HOTU. There's nothing wrong with having a couple of episodes of build up, especially as E9 will probably focus almost entirely on KL. So I doubt we'll get any Dany for Blackwater.It would be better for TV purposes.
3643	Howling Mad	2012-05-18	Those are all really good questions.  Yes, they have to show that he can change his face. I doubt theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll use makeup and prosthetics, given that a different actor would be more believable as an unbelivable thing â<U+0080><U+0094> so to speak. But two actors would cost more than one actor. I think your third point is really important, because we know they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like actors waiting around for reasons that arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t yet greenlit â<U+0080><U+0094> the fact that we may not see Ser Barristan again until third season nothwithstanding. I find it pretty unlikely that weâ<U+0080><U+0099>d see anything of the House of Black and White, since the set hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t been built yet.If they swap out actors instead of makeup/FX then there is no need for an actor to wait around between season as they can simply recast when needed and expalin the change as a face change.  Much easier than the new/old Darren routine.
3644	protar	2012-05-18	It would be better for TV purposes.I disagree. The HOTU would be an incredibly dramatic end to Dany's arc. Ending it in slavers bay would fall flat in comparison and would feel disjointed from Dany's story in Qarth. Plus it means a new set, a new cast etc. just for the last episode which is a bit of a waste considering that at the time of filming there wouldn't have been any guarantee that the show would be renewed. Leaving Dany's story in Slaver's Bay wouldn't be the logical conclusion. It'd feel like they'd started a new chapter in her arc and just left it hanging. Not to mention the fact that Dracarys as the S3 finale would make excellent TV but isn't going to work pacing-wise if part of Dany's SOS arc is moved into S2.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 18 May 2012 - 12:49 PM.
3645	Howling Mad	2012-05-18	I disagree. The HOTU would be an incredibly dramatic end to Dany's arc. Ending it in slavers bay would fall flat in comparison and wouldn't feel disjointed from Dany's story in Qarth. Plus it means a new set a new cast etc. just for the last episode which is a bit of a waste considering that at the time of filming there wouldn't have been any guarantee that the show would be renewed. Leaving Dany's story in Slaver's Bay wouldn't be the logical conclusion. It'd feel like they'd started a new chapter in her arc and just left it hanging. Not to mention the fact that Dracarys as the S3 finale would make excellent TV but isn't going to work pacing-wise if part of Dany's SOS arc is moved into S2.Uhm ok, but I was talikg about Jaqen's character not the season finale ending with the HotU, which btw I agree with you on.
3646	protar	2012-05-18	Uhm ok, but I was talikg about Jaqen's character not the season finale ending with the HotU, which btw I agree with you on.Sorry I quoted the wrong guy. Edited it.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 18 May 2012 - 12:50 PM.
3647	Howling Mad	2012-05-18	Sorry I quoted the wrong guy. Edited it.No worries.  IMO opening season 3 with Dany burning down the slavers and acquiring the unsullied would be inspiring.  Perhaps a first episode set up with Ser Grandpa and the ships and a second or third episode burn down sure would get the water coolers talking.
3648	protar	2012-05-18	No worries. IMO opening season 3 with Dany burning down the slavers and acquiring the unsullied would be inspiring. Perhaps a first episode set up with Ser Grandpa and the ships and a second or third episode burn down sure would get the water coolers talking.It would indeed be inspiring. I'd actually love that, but imo we need something to get the non-readers out of post RW depression so as one of the most awesome uplifting events in the first half of SOS, Dracarys makes for a better season finale. There just isn't anything else I can think of that could have the same oomph, except perhaps the Mysha scene.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 18 May 2012 - 12:57 PM.
3649	Crown	2012-05-18	I disagree. The HOTU would be an incredibly dramatic end to Dany's arc. Ending it in slavers bay would fall flat in comparison and would feel disjointed from Dany's story in Qarth. Plus it means a new set, a new cast etc. just for the last episode which is a bit of a waste considering that at the time of filming there wouldn't have been any guarantee that the show would be renewed. Leaving Dany's story in Slaver's Bay wouldn't be the logical conclusion. It'd feel like they'd started a new chapter in her arc and just left it hanging. Not to mention the fact that Dracarys as the S3 finale would make excellent TV but isn't going to work pacing-wise if part of Dany's SOS arc is moved into S2. I should've made myself more clear, I meant ending the season with HOTU is better for TV purposes.
3650	protar	2012-05-18	I should've made myself more clear, I meant ending the season with HOTU is better for TV purposes.Ah. Sorry then. In that case I agree. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by protar, 18 May 2012 - 01:42 PM.
3651	DragonAge93	2012-05-18	Remember that D&D said they are now adapting ASOIAF whole, not one book every season. So Dany's storyline ending at HotU would make the most sense, as protar made excellent points on.
3652	addsend	2012-05-18	well, it seems I can't make threads. So let's put this here.
Spoilers, but not really. First picture of Blackwater.http://ewinsidetv.fi.../blackwater.jpg
3653	Silverx2	2012-05-18	is it possible that "goes to a strange place" might involve either a.)ser jorah kissing her on the boat or b.)her and one of her handmaidens getting a little uhh hands on..?
Danny lives and dies for the dragons, she knows where they are i don't see how they can let two episodes pass without her going and getting them.
3654	protar	2012-05-18	is it possible that "goes to a strange place" might involve either a.)ser jorah kissing her on the boat or b.)her and one of her handmaidens getting a little uhh hands on..? Danny lives and dies for the dragons, she knows where they are i don't see how they can let two episodes pass without her going and getting them.Of course. What better way to end S2 than lesbian sex! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3655	madman2711	2012-05-18	I think/ hope that Bronn absence from the last 2 episodes has something to do with the chain surprise
3656	insertname	2012-05-18	For those who wonder about the Reeds: It's possible (and imo, quite likely) that they will appear yet, but only at the start of season 3 in order to avoid having to cast (and pay) them for season 2 as well. Until now, they haven't been needed, so I think that makes sense.
3657	The First Man's Fist	2012-05-18	After this week's episode, does anyone else have a strong suspicion that Dagmar is actually Ramsay? He has filled almost every one of Ramsay's plot points in this book. I know he doesn't look much younger than Roose but are we in for huge shock?The very first comment my wife (who hasn't read the books) made about him was: "Theon's first mate looks a whole lot like that Bolton guy." I'm bettin it's him. You hear that Freddy Krueger growl when he told Theon he had to kill ser Rodrick? Sounded like a sick friggin skinner t' me. Plus, he's mocking Theon every time he turns his back. It's Ramsey, set my watch and warrent.
3658	Crown	2012-05-18	The very first comment my wife (who hasn't read the books) made about him was: "Theon's first mate looks a whole lot like that Bolton guy." I'm bettin it's him. You hear that Freddy Krueger growl when he told Theon he had to kill ser Rodrick? Sounded like a sick friggin skinner t' me. Plus, he's mocking Theon every time he turns his back. It's Ramsey, set my watch and warrent.It would be a great actor for Ramsay.
3659	jlk7e	2012-05-18	The very first comment my wife (who hasn't read the books) made about him was: "Theon's first mate looks a whole lot like that Bolton guy." I'm bettin it's him. You hear that Freddy Krueger growl when he told Theon he had to kill ser Rodrick? Sounded like a sick friggin skinner t' me. Plus, he's mocking Theon every time he turns his back. It's Ramsey, set my watch and warrent.Why is Ramsay in Pyke?  Why is he the first mate of an Ironborn ship?  Why does Roose think he's at the Dreadfort?  Why is Ramsay only about ten years younger than Roose?
3660	Crown	2012-05-18	Why is Ramsay in Pyke? Why is he the first mate of an Ironborn ship? Why does Roose think he's at the Dreadfort? Why is Ramsay only about ten years younger than Roose?You nailed it, the theory isn't consistent.
3661	boojam	2012-05-18	I disagree. The HOTU would be an incredibly dramatic end to Dany's arc. Ending it in slavers bay would fall flat in comparison and would feel disjointed from Dany's story in Qarth. Plus it means a new set, a new cast etc. just for the last episode which is a bit of a waste considering that at the time of filming there wouldn't have been any guarantee that the show would be renewed. Leaving Dany's story in Slaver's Bay wouldn't be the logical conclusion. It'd feel like they'd started a new chapter in her arc and just left it hanging. Not to mention the fact that Dracarys as the S3 finale would make excellent TV but isn't going to work pacing-wise if part of Dany's SOS arc is moved into S2.I wondered about this from the perspective of ending each season on dragons.As they did in season one.I would still think that E10 takes it title from Arya and Jaqen's parting, but that need only be short, and could even include Arya's escape.Then S3 could end on Dracarys... I am thinking the stuff D&amp;D will move to the end of S2 from SoS is some of the Brienne and Jamie stuff... after all, Gwendoline Christie has had very little 'air' time.You know, having just finished SoS re-read, my personal favorite story line is Arya's , it a ripping yarn of a survival story, and the travels with the Dog are matchless.(Which includes a certain event the name of which will not be spoken.)(The Brienne-Jamie story sort of parallels Arya's if a totally different way, but it's another zinger of an action story.)Second is Dany, well I am a Dany fan.... lord! Dany's story takes off like Alexander the Great on steroids after Dracrys. Since , war wise, things calm down so much in Westeros, my druthers would be , for S4 (if we get it!), the conquest of Yunkai, the conquest of Meereen (tho that one is almost told as a flashback, could be reworked). A hell of a lot goes on with Dany in SoS that is very action stuff... but me thinks that runs straight into budget problems.Then there is a lot , a lot, of action beyond the wall and at Castle Black.There is enough vim and turmoil a plenty for two seasons. One again GRRM travelogs would vanish.There is so blasted much in SoS that , seems to me, moving stuff from FoC and ADwD would be a squeeze.If things get that far , what to do with FoC and ADwD? D&amp;D have good imaginations so maybe an unexpected fixup is at hand.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 18 May 2012 - 04:29 PM.
3662	pntrlqst	2012-05-18	Why is Ramsay in Pyke?  Why is he the first mate of an Ironborn ship?  Why does Roose think he's at the Dreadfort?  Why is Ramsay only about ten years younger than Roose?Lol. Actually, the question is: "Why is Ramsay five years older than Roose?"It is known.
					
					
							Edited by vntrlqst, 18 May 2012 - 04:49 PM.
3663	Kevin79	2012-05-18	In I wondered about this from the perspective of ending each season on dragons. As they did in season one. I would still think that E10 takes it title from Arya and Jaqen's parting, but that need only be short, and could even include Arya's escape. Then S3 could end on Dracarys... I am thinking the stuff D&amp;D will move to the end of S2 from SoS is some of the Brienne and Jamie stuff... after all, Gwendoline Christie has had very little 'air' time. You know, having just finished SoS re-read, my personal favorite story line is Arya's , it a ripping yarn of a survival story, and the travels with the Dog are matchless. (Which includes a certain event the name of which will not be spoken.) (The Brienne-Jamie story sort of parallels Arya's if a totally different way, but it's another zinger of an action story.) Second is Dany, well I am a Dany fan.... lord! Dany's story takes off like Alexander the Great on steroids after Dracrys. Since , war wise, things calm down so much in Westeros, my druthers would be , for S4 (if we get it!), the conquest of Yunkai, the conquest of Meereen (tho that one is almost told as a flashback, could be reworked). A hell of a lot goes on with Dany in SoS that is very action stuff... but me thinks that runs straight into budget problems. Then there is a lot , a lot, of action beyond the wall and at Castle Black. There is enough vim and turmoil a plenty for two seasons. One again GRRM travelogs would vanish. There is so blasted much in SoS that , seems to me, moving stuff from FoC and ADwD would be a squeeze. If things get that far , what to do with FoC and ADwD? D&amp;D have good imaginations so maybe an unexpected fixup is at hand.Judging from the way they foreshadowed the three horn blasts earlier in the season, I'm willing to bet that this season ends with the attack on the Fist of the First Men, and what an incredible ending to the season that would be. I'd rather it ends this season than starts the third for sure, as we haven't had a really good look at white walkers since the first episode and the TV audience needs to be shown how large of a threat they actually are. Last season ended with fire. It's only logical that this season has to end with ice, right? My only gripe is that they will definitely cut the Fist attack short and probably cut to black with the nights watch seeing a legion of blue eyed warriors storming them after the third horn blast. But I fully expect it to occur this season anyway as it would be the best note to end on.
3664	The Monkey	2012-05-18	They have the â<U+0080><U+009C>previously on Game of Thronesâ<U+0080><U+009D> segment not just  because it refreshes peopleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s memories, but also because it points out which past elements are especially relevant to the current episode. Notice how they sometimes have things in their recap that arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t from the immediately-previous episode, but from an earlier one.The ridiculous notion that people â<U+0080><U+009C>could just go to Wikipediaâ<U+0080><U+009D> is completely unworkable both for practical and for theoretical reasons.You donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want folks to have to sift through mounds of information to find the salient points. You want them to know what the important stuff is without revealing spoilers. And this numbskull notion that if you have a TV, or even a DVD player, that you ipso facto necessarily have internet connectivity is so staggeringly untrue that its conception beggars the imagination.Oh come on! Who can afford HBO but not afford internet?
3665	GoodGuyA	2012-05-18	Near the end of the preview... What was with Arya saying "I need him dead right now"? Are they changing her final "kill request"? While it wasn't the exact wording, this was certainly her attitude in the books. She didn't want to wait for the kill to be done. Thus, soup.My god, Rattleshirt looks silly as hell.
3666	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-18	God, there is so much to fit in in this episode, I certainly hope they use the full 60 minutes. Also, why is there a "previously in GoT..." at the start of every episode? Last season I only recall there being a recap in one episode. It takes up valuable time, and if people missed last episode, they could easily read up on it on Wikipedia before the episode starts.There is "Previously on..." in every episode of every series on HBO, Showtime, and Starz.  A lot of people need to jog their memory because not everyone obsesses over a TV show.  Shit, there are people that I watch the show with every week that have trouble keep tracking of each character and where there from/who they are allied with.
3667	Ciglon	2012-05-18	If they swap out actors instead of makeup/FX then there is no need for an actor to wait around between season as they can simply recast when needed and expalin the change as a face change. Much easier than the new/old Darren routine.     Yes, but I think it's important that people recognize Jaqen in his AFFC prologue GoT episode, how will they introduce a new actor then and tell the audience it's Jaqen H'ghar at the same time? Although, I don't see how the audience is going to recognize Jaqen's new face when Series 4 comes around after GoT introduces new character like the Reeds, Oberyn, Mace Tyrell, Slaver's Bay folk, etc. next series. Unless Jaqen changes face this episode, then sticks around with that new face until Ep. 10 to give Arya the coin (assuming they switch the coin/face-changing scenes around so that he changes face first to give the new actor more airtime and make him recognizable to the audience). Although I doubt it, why would Jaqen change his face at harrenhal and then stick around for 2 episodes, doesn't seem very believable, he can't change his face next episode imo.
3668	Hyper	2012-05-18	I don't get the people upset about the "Previously On..." segment. It has ALWAYS been there for every episode (except for the first one). But it is only shown with the broadcast airings. (It is not, however, part of the HBO GO version of the episodes, nor on DVDs/Blu-rays/Downloads)
It is a very useful part for for 95%+ of the viewing audience. You know, the not book readers? Even I, as a book reader, find it useful on occasion, when it may have been weeks since I saw a character last.
3669	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-18	Seems like HOTU definitely got moved back to Ep 10.  I really hope they do the visions, otherwise her storyline is straight up retarded.  This episode will probably deal with Asha/Yara and Theons conversation, Tywin leaving Harrenhal, Arya attempting to call in the final debt, possibly Robb and Jeyne, Rattleshirt is introduced and definitely Stannis, Davos, and Melisandre.Ep 10 Guide:"The aftermath of the Battle of the Blackwater sees the winner reward his followers while Tyrion finds himself in a strange situation. In Winterfell, Maester Luwin has some final advice for Theon. In Harrenhall, Jaqen H'ghar gives Arya a gift, and Dany visits a wondrous place in Qarth. Beyond the Wall, Jon Snow pleases Qhorin with his actions."
					
					
							Edited by Lord Elrosir, 18 May 2012 - 06:04 PM.
3670	iheartseverus	2012-05-18	well, it seems I can't make threads. So let's put this here. Spoilers, but not really. First picture of Blackwater. http://ewinsidetv.fi.../blackwater.jpgImpressive!
3671	Arkash	2012-05-18	I guess episode 10 will end up on the dragons burning down the Hotu... although I would have liked it ending of Dany and co (+ Barristan) sailing away.
3672	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-18	Just to say, in response to the Ironborn sailing comments earlier, I'm pretty sure the Ironborn ships had both sails and towers and some (in the iron fleet) were specifically not long-boats. If I'm wrong then the Ironborn are even stupider than I thought.
3673	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-18	Yep. Just checked my nearest book, aDwD. Vic's chapters specifically refer to sailing and the Ironborn "having the wind". His fleet also contains Dromonds which are either Galleys or Triremes or large, Galleon-esque ships, depending on to which usage it refers
3674	Catastrophy	2012-05-18	I don't get the people upset about the "Previously On..." segment. It has ALWAYS been there for every episode (except for the first one). But it is only shown with the broadcast airings. (It is not, however, part of the HBO GO version of the episodes, nor on DVDs/Blu-rays/Downloads) It is a very useful part for for 95%+ of the viewing audience. You know, the not book readers? Even I, as a book reader, find it useful on occasion, when it may have been weeks since I saw a character last.HBO Adria (Europe) doesn't have "Previously On...". But we also get premiere of new episode on Monday. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3675	J_Crews	2012-05-18	well, it seems I can't make threads. So let's put this here. Spoilers, but not really. First picture of Blackwater. http://ewinsidetv.fi.../blackwater.jpgImpressive!Looks like dude is about to set some wildfire-loaded wrecks to blazin' to me.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 18 May 2012 - 08:55 PM.
3676	Ciglon	2012-05-18	I guess episode 10 will end up on the dragons burning down the Hotu... although I would have liked it ending of Dany and co (+ Barristan) sailing away.    I agree, this would have made a great end to the series, although to be fair, this *might* still happen if she visits the HotU in the beginning of the episode and if they end it with her (which would fit w/ last series' ending), although I'd say our chances are slim to none.    This begs the question then, knowing that Dany now knows about the dragons location in the HotU, what will possibly happen next episode (and to a lesser extent ep. 9) that will prevent her or at least postpone her rushing to them. We know (and saw) how distressed she is at them being gone (they are all she has atm, and the only thing preventing her from becoming a beggar queen like her brother), so what could possibly come up that would prevent her from just rushing into the HotU to see her children again?    Seeing as how different the Qarth scene is from the book (for better or worse), what do you think will happen to prevent her from rushing to her children's side for 2 episodes? Something to do with Xaro? Pyat Pree? Something else...?
3677	iheartseverus	2012-05-18	Looks like dude is about to set some wildfire-loaded wrecks to blazin' to me. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />And 'dude' is Bronn, is he not? /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
3678	J_Crews	2012-05-18	And 'dude' is Bronn, is he not?Yup.  About to earn his knighthood as Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3679	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	I think/ hope that Bronn absence from the last 2 episodes has something to do with the chain surpriseAnd what about Varysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s absence? Same thing, or different?  Conleth Hill is a pure delight.  He does such an excellent job, I miss him already. Even the actorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s name makes him sound like heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really a bastard from the Westcountry of Westeros.
3680	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	Oh come on! Who can afford HBO but not afford internet?People who have the DVD. Or people who signed up only for watching this show, but who have no Internet.  My dad is just one such: HBO but not Internet. Also, you assume everyone knows how to use the internet profitably.  That is not necessarily true.  Remember that half the population is below average. ; {
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 18 May 2012 - 09:05 PM.
3681	iheartseverus	2012-05-18	Yup. About to earn his knighthood as Ser Bronn of the Blackwater. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />There seem to be fires going on in the city--follow Bronn's right elbow slightly downward and to the left, then at the foot of the gates, and again, near Bronn's own right foot. And, just as a non sequitur, Bronn is sure wearing a lot of heavy clothes--those thick pants look like they could stand up by themselves.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3682	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	In Winterfell, Maester Luwin has some final advice for Theon.Oh gosh, that means they arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to split Bran and Rickon up upon Maester Luwinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s advice, which means theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll never get to say goodbye to him while heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s alive.Boo hoo!
3683	J_Crews	2012-05-18	There seem to be fires going on in the city--follow Bronn's right elbow slightly downward and to the left, then at the foot of the gates, and again, near Bronn's own right foot.The one at his feet is likely intentional, for his use lighting his arrows.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 18 May 2012 - 09:11 PM.
3684	iheartseverus	2012-05-18	The one at his feet is likely intentional, for his use lighting his arrows.True, and obvious once you mention it (never occurred to me). If I ever find myself defending a city via the use of flaming arrows, I want you there next to me, to work out these practical details.
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 18 May 2012 - 09:18 PM.
3685	Ciglon	2012-05-18	[/font] Oh gosh, that means they arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to split Bran and Rickon up upon Maester Luwinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s advice, which means theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll never get to say goodbye to him while heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s alive. Boo hoo!I think they are most likely referring to his final advice *to theon*, since he's been advising him the whole time (and will continue to do so). Not necessarily his final advice, ever to anyone.
3686	J_Crews	2012-05-18	True, and obvious once you mention it (never occurred to me). If I ever find myself defending a city via the use of flaming arrows, I want you there next to me, to work out these practical details./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Call and I'll come a-runnin'!
3687	iheartseverus	2012-05-18	/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Call and I'll come a-runnin'!Its a date. We can't wear those thick pants like Bronn, though. You'd be all like 'Fire to portside! And there, strike him now, and true! Low on the aft side, amidships and athwart!' And I'd be like 'Jeebus, I can't even bend my legs in these stupid pants, feel like mummified Imhotep trying to execute River Dance. Michael Flatley never had to put up with this crap...'Just a little riff, peeps. Back on target, our first glimpse of Blackwater looks awesome, indeed!addsend, I can start new threads (and you will too, soon, after a few more posts).  If you want me to try to start a new thread in Ep 9  with your awesome pic, I'm glad to do that.  Just let me know...
3688	flinky	2012-05-18	I think they are most likely referring to his final advice *to theon*, since he's been advising him the whole time (and will continue to do so). Not necessarily his final advice, ever to anyone.it is not a streatch to have him tell Osha to slpit them up and end Bran's part with him saying something like "in my dream the alligators told me to find them over there."something to that extent would show that they are going to be in the next season and show everyone that they are still alive
3689	Hyper	2012-05-18	I'm wondering if they'll introduce Ser Barristan to Dany before HOTU - if indeed HOTO occurs in episode 10. So that means that Ser Barristan could appear in the next episode or episode 9.
I'm expecting/hoping that they'll drop his disguise, though. It really serves no purpose, and it's not like anyone of the audience will be tricked. Who knows, but if he shows up in the "previously on..." segment we'll know he shows up in the episode. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
I agree with others that I hope that they'll end Dany's journey with her leaving Qarth by ship with Jorah, Barristan, Doreah, and the remaining Dothraki. It makes the most sense from a production schedule, as they can limit Qarth scene filming to this season. This also has the added bonus of being able to delay her arrival into slavers bay by any number of episodes, if needed. They can just show scenes on the boat until she arrives in Astapor/Yunkai - similar to how they had Red Waste scenes as filler until she arrived in Qarth.
So to summarize - here's how I hope they play it out:
episode 8 - Dany meets Qaithe
episode 9 - Dany meeets Ser Barristan at the harbor, finds a ship to use
episode 10 - Dany enters HOTU, end with action scene as they fight their way to the Qarth harbor - end season with them on the ship, sailing into the sunset. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 18 May 2012 - 11:31 PM.
3690	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-18	Maybe Cersei will beat Shae for trying to cover up Sansa's period?  It would have more meaning for Tyrio than Roz being beaten for something.
  Still holding out hope for Roose at Harrenhal, but getting worried.
  That picture of Blackwater looks like it might have the chain underwater.  It's a bit grainy though.
  What if Dagmer isn't Ramsay, but is secretly working for him or something?  They probably aren't going to take the time or money to have a whole battle, so Ramsay still needs a way into tbe castle.  Dagmer has the same kind of evil glee as Ramsay so I could see him as taking the role of one of Ramsays henchmen that we meet in ADWD.
  I think maybe we find out what Xaro has in his vault before Dany goes to HOTU in ep 10.  Side note; is it just me, or is it going to be akward when Xaro goes to Meereen to convince Dany to allow slavery now that he is black?
3691	J_Crews	2012-05-18	here's how I hope they play it out:episode 8 - Dany meets Qaitheepisode 9 - Dany meeets Ser Barristan at the harbor, finds a ship to useepisode 10 - Dany enters HOTU, end with action scene as they fight their way to the Qarth harbor - end season with them on the ship, sailing into the sunset. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I might be crazy (as someone in another thread balked when I said this), but I've been under the impression for months that the entirety of ep. 9 is the Battle of the Blackwater, which means Dany/Jon/Theon/Bran and co. won't appear in that ep. just like we haven't seen Stannis/Davos, etc. in a while.I'm almost positive it was said that the battle took a month of night shoots to film and eats an entire ep. (from several POVs, of coarse, so it isn't like we'll just be staring at the same faces for an hour).
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 19 May 2012 - 12:02 AM.
3692	Hyper	2012-05-19	I don't think that *all* of episode 9 will be just "Blackwater". Most of it? Sure. But I could be wrong. It would be the first episode to be one plot thread exclusive.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 19 May 2012 - 12:06 AM.
3693	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	Never would Ser Barristan the Bold allow his queen to venture into the House of the Undying alone and unguarded.
3694	J_Crews	2012-05-19	I don't think that *all* of episode 9 is just "Blackwater". Most of it? Sure. But I could be wrong. It would be the first episode to be one plot thread exclusive.We'll have to wait and see, I guess.  The original ep. summary/teaser for that week simply says: Episode 9 -- "Blackwater"Tyrion and the Lannisters fight for their lives as Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> fleet assaults Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing.Anybody seen an updated one?
3695	DragonAge93	2012-05-19	I actually think episode 9 WILL be Blackwater exclusively, with shifts from Tyrion and co., to Stannis/Davos, and Sansa/Cersei. I hope it does, so that way we get nonstop battle for 50+ minutes, which we have sorely lacked this season as well, and it means it'll stay closer to the battle in the books.
And episode 10 is most likely ending with HotU, because why reintroduce Barristan in the last episode? It'd make more sense for Dany's storyline in season 3 to open up on the dock where she is saved from the manticore by Arstan/Selmy, instead of rushing through HotU just to get to her final act in ACoK. And we have no news of the actor playing Barristan even returning this season, and it'd be a waste just to get him for 5-10 minutes of screen time in the last episode.
3696	J_Crews	2012-05-19	... we have no news of the actor playing Barristan even returning this season, and it'd be a waste just to get him for 5-10 minutes of screen time in the last episode.I just pray they don't have to re-cast him.  I really like Ian McElhinney in that role.
3697	Hyper	2012-05-19	And episode 10 is most likely ending with HotU, because why reintroduce Barristan in the last episode? It'd make more sense for Dany's storyline in season 3 to open up on the dock where she is saved from the manticore by Arstan/Selmy, instead of rushing through HotU just to get to her final act in ACoK. And we have no news of the actor playing Barristan even returning this season, and it'd be a waste just to get him for 5-10 minutes of screen time in the last episode.You could be right. But I think it would be a bit predictable to just end directly on HOTU.Two season cliffhangers in a row with Dany & Drogon? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I hope not. I think from a production and story point of view, it makes sense to sandbox Qarth into season 2. Why spend $$$ rebuilding Qarth elements for just a few minutes worth in season 3? Also, the audience has to feel some sort of forward momentum. I think Dany on a ship, with dragons flying overhead would be a lovely image to end the season with.
3698	Raja	2012-05-19	Have we been watching the same show? This is one of the least faithful adaptation of a book series I've ever seen with most of the deviations made apparently for the hell of it when the plots from the book could have been filmed just as easily. It's such a shame considering how faithful season 1 was.It does not deviate a whole lot , it deviates some ( as the first season did as well ) Would I rather see Arya slumming it in the kitchens ? Or those conversations with Tywin. I think the answer to that is quite obvious. I'm sure we will get all the scenes we hope from the book such as the one with Half Hand and what not. Deviations made also keep up with the tone of the books , any added scenes like the Jon Ygritte ones , I could see present in the books.  Changes were made for specific reasons , not just for the heck of it. Some things work in books which will never work on screen
3699	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-19	Anybody who calls this the "least faithful adaption" they've ever seen is just too ridiculous to even be responded to.  Name me all the more faithful adaptions.  There isn't one. This is actually one of the more faithful adaptions I've ever seen.
3700	madman2711	2012-05-19	It does not deviate a whole lot , it deviates some ( as the first season did as well ) Would I rather see Arya slumming it in the kitchens ? Or those conversations with Tywin. I think the answer to that is quite obvious. I'm sure we will get all the scenes we hope from the book such as the one with Half Hand and what not. Deviations made also keep up with the tone of the books , any added scenes like the Jon Ygritte ones , I could see present in the books.  Changes were made for specific reasons , not just for the heck of it. Some things work in books which will never work on screenI dont think that all the changes were necesary for the viewers to stay tuned on HBOArya & Tywin just as electric that might seem its kinda static the same dark chambers as tywin seems more prisoner of harrenhal than arya same pattern of dialog first friendly and then a word duel till tywin sends her awayFor certain xaro will not visit dany in mereen in aDwD tv season if he still survives this season wich i doubtMy three headed dragon (danny, jon and tyrion) are quite underdogs this tv season as tyrion only slaps jeoff and hijacks some wildfire project from cersei and sends myrcella away to Dorne although nobody really will understand where is dorne or who is her groom?Danny is a female version of viserys as pathethic and childish as a teen khaleesi who doesnt understand anything from this wild continent she is exiledAnd jon what can i say he is stupid enough to get beaten by craster and lead into a wildlings trap with a very amusing sex talk by ygritteAnd he should be azzor azzai reborn
3701	Rathaus	2012-05-19	While it wasn't the exact wording, this was certainly her attitude in the books. She didn't want to wait for the kill to be done. Thus, soup.My god, Rattleshirt looks silly as hell.My god, he looks like a dude wearing bones on his body and a skull on his face?
					
					
							Edited by Rathaus, 19 May 2012 - 03:38 AM.
3702	Crown	2012-05-19	I'm seriously looking forward to the Blackwater promo.
3703	J_Crews	2012-05-19	I'm seriously looking forward to the Blackwater promo.You and me both.  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
3704	lmanion	2012-05-19	Everyone is Talking about Dany being the end of ep 10, It could be Bran and his line about Winterfell being broken like him, Jon killing Qhorin and turning his cloak or what I hope, Sam and 3 blows of the horn. Whichever way they go this episode will probably set it all up.
3705	duncanthemedium	2012-05-19	i wonder if the lord of bones would really be a 'character' as such...i mean the revulsion evoking rattleshirt is something we might not get here...
I also dont dig the wildling fatigues...the camouflage patterns look too un-medieval to me...
3706	duncanthemedium	2012-05-19	oh..how about Dagmar = the original Reek? Like the necrophiliac one in the book?
3707	J_Crews	2012-05-19	Everyone is Talking about Dany being the end of ep 10, It could be Bran and his line about Winterfell being broken like him, Jon killing Qhorin and turning his cloak or what I hope, Sam and 3 blows of the horn. Whichever way they go this episode will probably set it all up.My money (and my fervent hope) is that the season will end with the 3 horn blasts heard at the Fist.  That moment is just made to be a TV cliffhanger.
3708	protar	2012-05-19	It does not deviate a whole lot , it deviates some ( as the first season did as well ) Would I rather see Arya slumming it in the kitchens ? Or those conversations with Tywin. I think the answer to that is quite obvious. I'm sure we will get all the scenes we hope from the book such as the one with Half Hand and what not. Deviations made also keep up with the tone of the books , any added scenes like the Jon Ygritte ones , I could see present in the books.  Changes were made for specific reasons , not just for the heck of it. Some things work in books which will never work on screenAnybody who calls this the "least faithful adaption" they've ever seen is just too ridiculous to even be responded to.  Name me all the more faithful adaptions.  There isn't one. This is actually one of the more faithful adaptions I've ever seen.Look I've already:1. Clarified I was exagerating.2. Given my reasons for why I feel it's been unfaithful of late and why I'm not seeing the point of many of these deviations.And also we've already been warned that this is off-topic. By all means let us take this conversation to a different thread if people consist on continually bringing it up again.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 19 May 2012 - 04:45 AM.
3709	Crown	2012-05-19	Everyone is Talking about Dany being the end of ep 10, It could be Bran and his line about Winterfell being broken like him, Jon killing Qhorin and turning his cloak or what I hope, Sam and 3 blows of the horn. Whichever way they go this episode will probably set it all up.I'm hoping for Bran with his I'm dead, not broken speech. I know Isaac can pull it off. But realistically they're going for the three horns on the Fist, it's perfect for TV.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 19 May 2012 - 05:27 AM.
3710	protar	2012-05-19	I'm hoping for Bran with his I'm death, not broken speech. I know Isaac can pull it off. But realistically they're going for the three horns on the Fist, it's perfect for TV.I'm sorry but I just got a mental image of Bran saying "I am DEATH!" in a deep, ominous voice. I think you mean dead /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3711	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-19	I'm hoping for Bran with his I'm death, not broken speech. I know Isaac can pull it off. But realistically they're going for the three horns on the Fist, it's perfect for TV.I remember that the three horns in ASoS sent chills down my spine. Although, I always imagined it as the cliffhanger of the very first episode of season 3, putting it in the end of season 2 will create a great impact on the audience and on the book sales as well. Having to wait a whole year after this scene would be impossible. Many viewers would rush to the stores to buy the books and  learn what happens next. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 19 May 2012 - 05:28 AM.
3712	Arkash	2012-05-19	This begs the question then, knowing that Dany now knows about the dragons location in the HotU, what will possibly happen next episode (and to a lesser extent ep. 9) that will prevent her or at least postpone her rushing to them. We know (and saw) how distressed she is at them being gone (they are all she has atm, and the only thing preventing her from becoming a beggar queen like her brother), so what could possibly come up that would prevent her from just rushing into the HotU to see her children again?I've been thinking of that too... I think they will make her afraid to go to the Hotu, expecting a trap from the warlocks... but I agree, what is to keep her from immediatly rushing to the Hotu ?Maybe the episode will end her arc with her entering the gates of the house.Then, it would be much more logical to end the whole Qarth arc this season and ending Dany on the ship, with Barristan and the dragons.And last, I agree, the three-horn blasts are just perfect for the season ending... I mean, come one... the three horn blasts... the very first trailer of season two was with them, so I think we will have them this season, and what other scene could end in a better way the season ?
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 19 May 2012 - 05:57 AM.
3713	sennahoj	2012-05-19	Then, it would be much more logical to end the whole Qarth arc this season and ending Dany on the ship, with Barristan and the dragons.I agree. It would also make the most sense considering the budget to finish Qarth this season, so you won't have to pay the actors of the Qartheen characters for season 3. However, for the same reason, that could mean, Barristan could be pushed back to season 3. Or has he been confirmed for this season?
3714	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-19	The House of the Undying has the potential to be the greatest scene this series, but I doubt it will be done as it was in the book because it might be too weird on screen and for non book viewers to understand.		 
Loving the Lord o' Bones outfit from the preview for this episode though.
3715	gpdrometer	2012-05-19	I'm hoping for Bran with his I'm dead, not broken speech. I know Isaac can pull it off. But realistically they're going for the three horns on the Fist, it's perfect for TV.the season two promo with the three horns was fantastic, so I'd bet its the end of the season, maybe with the image of walkers approaching in the dark? the final episode will be really strong I think, with so many cliffhangers. Jaime escaping with Brienne, the three horn blasts, Dany in the HOTU, Jon killing Qhorin, Margaery arriving to King's Landing with a plan to rescue Sansa, etc
3716	NewJeffCT	2012-05-19	My money (and my fervent hope) is that the season will end with the 3 horn blasts heard at the Fist.  That moment is just made to be a TV cliffhanger.My guess is that is how the season will end as well.  They already had the 3 horn blasts in the background of one of the early season 2 teasers.
3717	NewJeffCT	2012-05-19	The House of the Undying has the potential to be the greatest scene this series, but I doubt it will be done as it was in the book because it might be too weird on screen and for non book viewers to understand.		Loving the Lord o' Bones outfit from the preview for this episode though.My fear about the House of the Undying is that the visions there were previews of things to come or else scenes from the past.  In the book, it's not clear what some of the things are.  However, if shown on the TV screen, they could be big spoilers if not done right.
3718	Crown	2012-05-19	I totally forgot they used the three horn blasts in one of the first trailers/teasers. I'm sure they'll end the season that way. Hopefully with Sam pissing his pants.
3719	House Snow	2012-05-19	So I was reading a non-reader thread and ironically someone dropped a pretty huge bombshell that I can't believe noone saw.  Do not read if you do not want to be spoiled as this is potentailly a major spoiler even to book readers.
	Spoiler  If you watch the Theon farm scene there a clear shot of Dagmer in his armour and guess what, THE KRAKEN has been torn off his armour, in a way that it still almost looks like a kraken if you are not paying attention..  All of his other guards clearly have the kraken on their armour.  Guys Dagmer is Ramsey.  No way they put that much detail in there if he wasn't.
3720	WinterWarrior	2012-05-19	Dagmar is too old to be Ramsey. Also, Theon knew Dagmar as a child. I think Ramsey will be introduced when his father sends him to take Winterfell from Theon, and he will take Theon prisoner as Robb asked Roose to do. I suspect it will happen this espisode.
I am wondering if Arya will take up Jaqen's offer to go to Braavos in the HBO series rather than her travels around the Riverlands before she gets on the ship like in the book. Those travels do not seem necessary to the plot in the HBO series and she might accept his invitation to go with him in Espisode 10. That will fast forward her FM story.
3721	DragonAge93	2012-05-19	Are people really saying this is the least faithful adaption ever?? Look at those LOTR movies, from what I hear those movies are not even close to their books. I've never seen/read it so I wouldn't know.
So if one little thing gets cut/changed, it's automatically declared a terrible adaption? Look at all the other things they stayed (mostly) faithful to, like the riot scene, having wildfire in, the attack on the Night's Watch in episode 3, and all the other events that occured in ACoK that made it to TV. The show is still following the book's main plotline, and we are getting Blackwater next episode, so if this show wasn't faithful at all, then how would all those scenes be placed in the series? Honestly, stop whining about some shit that gets changed. I love the books and for a time didn't like when they changed things. But you gotta understand this is an ADAPTION, which means they are attempting to bring most of the series to the screen so we can enjoy it, not a word-by-word, scene-by-scene adaption, but a TV adaption on a limited budget. Would you rather have no attempt at creating the series at all? It's a daunting task, and I applaud D&D for undertaking it. Show a little more faith. If GRRM believes wholeheartedly in these guys, then we should, too.
3722	House Snow	2012-05-19	^ So how do you explain what was in my spoiler text.  Show Theon has obviously never met show Dagmer, so I think you can't go on what the book says b/c its already a deviation.
3723	_Oberyn_	2012-05-19	Not realy a bombshell, people have been talking about this all week in these forums. But anyway from whats been said  about casting video leaked a few days ago HBO is looking for people for the role of Ramsey so no its not him.
3724	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-19	Looks like Richard Madden trolled us in his interview about Talisa . It looks like she will after all be Jeyne Westerling in disguise.
3725	House Snow	2012-05-19	Not realy a bombshell, people have been talking about this all week in these forums. But anyway from whats been said  about casting video leaked a few days ago HBO is looking for people for the role of Ramsey so no its not him.Yeah but this is by far the strongest evidence I have seen.  I didn't really buy until I wsa tipped off to it.  Just way to precise a detail to ignore IMO.  On the casting that is way more speculative then the potential evidence presented in the spoiler text.  The description WIC linked to Ramsey didn't sound a bit like Ramsey.
3726	gpdrometer	2012-05-19	Looks like Richard Madden trolled us in his interview about Talisa . It looks like she will after all be Jeyne Westerling in disguise.that's what I figured when Robb said that they would go to the Crag together. not that it matters either way. the only thing the tv show needed to do was put someone in the way of Robb's agreement to the Freys, so if she remains a foreign girl named Talisa it won't bother me
3727	_Oberyn_	2012-05-19	Yeah but this is by far the strongest evidence I have seen. I didn't really buy until I wsa tipped off to it. Just way to precise a detail to ignore IMO. On the casting that is way more speculative then the potential evidence presented in the spoiler text. The description WIC linked to Ramsey didn't sound a bit like Ramsey.Anything is possible, were just going to have to wait two more weeks to find out /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3728	protar	2012-05-19	Are people really saying this is the least faithful adaption ever?? Look at those LOTR movies, from what I hear those movies are not even close to their books. I've never seen/read it so I wouldn't know. So if one little thing gets cut/changed, it's automatically declared a terrible adaption? Look at all the other things they stayed (mostly) faithful to, like the riot scene, having wildfire in, the attack on the Night's Watch in episode 3, and all the other events that occured in ACoK that made it to TV. The show is still following the book's main plotline, and we are getting Blackwater next episode, so if this show wasn't faithful at all, then how would all those scenes be placed in the series? Honestly, stop whining about some shit that gets changed. I love the books and for a time didn't like when they changed things. But you gotta understand this is an ADAPTION, which means they are attempting to bring most of the series to the screen so we can enjoy it, not a word-by-word, scene-by-scene adaption, but a TV adaption on a limited budget. Would you rather have no attempt at creating the series at all? It's a daunting task, and I applaud D&D for undertaking it. Show a little more faith. If GRRM believes wholeheartedly in these guys, then we should, too.Does no one read my other posts?!?! I said I was exagerating. It is not actually one of the worst adaptations I have seen and I don't want a word for word, scene for scene adaptation. I accept deviations from the book when they make sense I merely feel that a lot of them don't.Though for the record the LOTR films are actually very faithful to the books. There are a few changes, mainly to Aragorn's story and even there it's mostly expanding on what's in the apendixes (i.e his relationship with Arwen.) Mostly however the only differences are things that are compressed and cut because there's no time. There's little actual adding of things however you can't deny that a lot of things have been added into GOT, because it's a simple fact. Whether you think that's good, bad or unimportant is up to you.And again, for everyone who wants to complain at me for my opinions take note:This discussion is offtopic. If you want to discuss it somewhere else set up a thread, I'll surely be one of the first there. Thank You.ETA: I have set up a thread for you guys to complain at me all you like /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. Should be up tomorrow assuming it gets approved by the mods.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 19 May 2012 - 09:31 AM.
3729	DragonAge93	2012-05-19	But GoT has to compress and cut because there is no time as well. Look at the Night's Watch scene. That had to be compressed, for reasons Cogman explained a while back.
3730	House Snow	2012-05-19	Spoiler photo below courtesy of  Ours is the Fury over at WIC. Don't look if you are ignoring the spoiler text in my posts.http://wicnet.tumblr...ost/23351761180
3731	Warden of the North121	2012-05-19	Looks like Richard Madden trolled us in his interview about Talisa . It looks like she will after all be Jeyne Westerling in disguise.The fact that she's nervous about going to the Crag pretty much confirms this.
3732	Warden of the North121	2012-05-19	Spoiler photo below courtesy of  Ours is the Fury over at WIC. Don't look if you are ignoring the spoiler text in my posts.http://wicnet.tumblr...ost/23351761180I have a feeling Dagmer is in league with Ramsay and the Boltons but I just can't fathom him being Ramsay. He's way too old to be Ramsay.
3733	madman2711	2012-05-19	Any spoilers for the sunday episode?
And not that dagmer is ramsay
3734	Crown	2012-05-19	There's no pre-airing discussion in the Blackwater  forum, so I'll post it here --> http://www.digitalsp...ome-battle.html Sounds good, doesn't it?
3735	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	They're all a-buzz over at WiC about the promo pic, the one with Bronn shooting a flaming arrow.  Everybody swears they can see The Chain leading out from the lower door in the city wall--but I can't see a thing!!  Anybody?  You guys see a chain?
3736	House Snow	2012-05-19	I honestly can't tell, however I do struggle to see lmechanistically how it would work if its where people say it is.
3737	boojam	2012-05-19	Yes, but I think it's important that people recognize Jaqen in his AFFC prologue GoT episode, how will they introduce a new actor then and tell the audience it's Jaqen H'ghar at the same time? Although, I don't see how the audience is going to recognize Jaqen's new face when Series 4 comes around after GoT introduces new character like the Reeds, Oberyn, Mace Tyrell, Slaver's Bay folk, etc. next series. Unless Jaqen changes face this episode, then sticks around with that new face until Ep. 10 to give Arya the coin (assuming they switch the coin/face-changing scenes around so that he changes face first to give the new actor more airtime and make him recognizable to the audience). Although I doubt it, why would Jaqen change his face at harrenhal and then stick around for 2 episodes, doesn't seem very believable, he can't change his face next episode imo.My guess that to jazz up the visual they will do CGI on Tom, the VFX people are very good at that these days.The biggest question is were to they go with Jaqen's story after that, he barely is in the 3-5.A guess, D&D like him, they may use him again in Arya's Braavos's story, he may replace the 'Kindly Man'... just a guess.Otherwise it's almost only a cameo appearance for Tom.It's a hard one to puzzle out.
3738	Crown	2012-05-19	They're all a-buzz over at WiC about the promo pic, the one with Bronn shooting a flaming arrow. Everybody swears they can see The Chain leading out from the lower door in the city wall--but I can't see a thing!! Anybody? You guys see a chain?I do. I made this for you: http://imageshack.us...19/chainh.png/#EDIT: Hope you can see it, having trouble with uploading. Have to go now, going to watch CL-finale with friends. Check back here tomorrow or tonight.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 19 May 2012 - 12:35 PM.
3739	jlk7e	2012-05-19	The idea that LOTR is now being feted as an incredibly faithful adaptation is hilarious to me.  The exact same kind of people who are now complaining about Game of Thrones complained all the time about Lord of the Rings.  They added all kinds of things - lots of stuff with Arwen, the whole Lurtz business, several scenes between Boromir and Aragorn, the Army of the Dead on the Pelennor Field.  They had Elves from Lorien in Helm's Deep!!  They completely changed around Frodo and Sam's encounter with Faramir.  Overall, the plot was pretty faithful to that of the books, but so is the plot of the TV show to ASOIAF!
3740	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	I do. I made this for you: http://imageshack.us...19/chainh.png/# EDIT: Hope you can see it, having trouble with uploading. Have to go now, going to watch CL-finale with friends. Check back here tomorrow or tonight.Interesting, Crown!  Thanks for taking the time and trouble..  Looking at it, I see...  a long shadow.  And yup, that's probably the chain.  Thx again...
3741	protar	2012-05-19	The idea that LOTR is now being feted as an incredibly faithful adaptation is hilarious to me. The exact same kind of people who are now complaining about Game of Thrones complained all the time about Lord of the Rings. They added all kinds of things - lots of stuff with Arwen, the whole Lurtz business, several scenes between Boromir and Aragorn, the Army of the Dead on the Pelennor Field. They had Elves from Lorien in Helm's Deep!! They completely changed around Frodo and Sam's encounter with Faramir. Overall, the plot was pretty faithful to that of the books, but so is the plot of the TV show to ASOIAF!Why can I not restrain myself from replying to these posts?!? I hope my thread is approved so I can move onto there.Anyway. Well I certainly wasn't complaining about those things. Must I be held accountable for the opinions of every book purist in the world? I still say LOTR was more faithful than Season 2 of GOT has been. The stuff with Arwen is (as I've already said.) expanding upon what was going on in the appendixes. The stuff with the Elves in Helm's Deep, Frodo and Sam's ecounter with Faramir and the Undead on the Pelennor fields are the only main deviations. So that's three big deviations across the entire film series against like, half a dozen at least major deviations in GOT S2. Obviously a lot is cut out, especially all the Book 1 material like Crickhollow, Tom Bombadil, the Barrow Downs etc. but that's due to time constraints. I really think it's hilarious how people are maintaining that Season 2 is being incredibly faithful. It really isn't. I'm not forcing you to see that as a bad thing but jeez, face the facts.Okay I swear that will be my last off-topic post. On-topic: That does look like the chain, but who knows, perhaps it's just our inner fanboys hoping that it'll be in. It's still a rather ambigious image. I could've sworn I heard early on that the chain was unlikely because it didn't work with the location they'd chosen for KL, but I'm probably just misremebering.
3742	House Snow	2012-05-19	Why can I not restrain myself from replying to these posts?!? I hope my thread is approved so I can move onto there. Anyway. Well I certainly wasn't complaining about those things. Must I be held accountable for the opinions of every book purist in the world? I still say LOTR was more faithful than Season 2 of GOT has been. The stuff with Arwen is (as I've already said.) expanding upon what was going on in the appendixes. The stuff with the Elves in Helm's Deep, Frodo and Sam's ecounter with Faramir and the Undead on the Pelennor fields are the only main deviations. So that's three big deviations across the entire film series against like, half a dozen at least major deviations in GOT S2. Obviously a lot is cut out, especially all the Book 1 material like Crickhollow, Tom Bombadil, the Barrow Downs etc. but that's due to time constraints. I really think it's hilarious how people are maintaining that Season 2 is being incredibly faithful. It really isn't. I'm not forcing you to see that as a bad thing but jeez, face the facts. Okay I swear that will be my last off-topic post. On-topic: That does look like the chain, but who knows, perhaps it's just our inner fanboys hoping that it'll be in. It's still a rather ambigious image. I could've sworn I heard early on that the chain was unlikely because it didn't work with the location they'd chosen for KL, but I'm probably just misremebering.I would argue that the difference is that LOTR was a series of events that  on some level non-sequetors, in other words changes in a early part of the story wasn't going to change something happening later, so it was pretty easy to descriminate on what to cut out and minimized the amount of wranling needed to make the story work. Scenes on GOT are so interrelated that in order to condense it its going to require changes in the stuff you keep.  Thats not to say every change is good, but I suspect the challenge of adapting is much harder, and thats ignoring the logistical issues in a tv show vs movies.
3743	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	Guys, Ran has already been in this thread to ask you courteously to move this discussion to the General section--the 'Nitpick without Repercussions' thread is perfect for your discussion.  Please continue your non-topic discussion in that appropriate thread.  This is the third?  fourth?  fifth? time you've been asked.  Members visiting this thread are coming here to discuss the upcoming episode--give them that courtesy.
3744	King Tommen	2012-05-19	Long time lurker but I did want to add my two cents to the Dagmer=Ramsay theory.  I would agree that the largest issue is the age discrepancy unless either we're supposed to believe the actor playing Roose is far older than he is or that Dagmer is much younger than he appears.
Putting this one hiccup aside though, I think this is by far the most logical explanation of how the Ramsay Snow character will be introduced in this season.  One of the problems book readers are having with the characterization is the presence of Dagmer in Pyke and that he would have had to pose as an Ironborn for some time to infiltrate the crew.  I would suggest that book readers are having problems with this because they have preconceived notions about the Dagmer character (who is similar to the novel's Dagmer Cleftjaw in name only).  On the show, he is not a legendary Ironborn warrior who Theon knew as a child, and he doesn't appear to be acknowledged by anyone on Pyke outside of Theon.  In fact, the show has taken pains to demonstrate that no one from Pyke interacts with Dagmer outside of Theon.  He only appears and introduces himself to Theon after Theon's crew has left for the ship and Yara has departed after dressing down Theon.  He introduces himself as "1st mate" which Theon accepts at face value and you could argue that by arriving at the ship with Theon, the other Ironborn men could accept as well (since they don't appear to know much about the battleplans and strategy that Theon attempts to lay out for them).  There could just be an assumption that Theon brought along his own 1st mate.  It is curious that in Winterfell, Dagmer doesn't even acknowledge the other Ironborn crewmembers and interacts only with Theon.
If you subscribe to this storyline, you would also have to accept that Roose put Ramsay into play as soon as he knew Theon was headed back to Pyke to treat with his father (something Roose would have been privy to as one of Robb's senior bannermen).  Perhaps he anticipated Theon being cajoled by his father and wanted Ramsay there in order to give Theon the nudge he needed to try and take Winterfell.  And in the introduction scene, Dagmer is clearly pointing Theon in the direction of Winterfell by appealing to his need for acceptance with his father and his crew.  He even guides Theon to the point where he can make it look like taking Winterfell is his own idea.
Add to the fact that Dagmer has been provided all of the "Reek" storyline beats to encourage Theon down the road that he takes in Winterfell (burning the boys, executing the disrespectful Winterfell loyalist etc.) And he appears to be taking more than a little bit of pleasure than what would be expected from these actions.
Finally, the fact that Ramsay has not been cast this season but is clearly going to be on the show after being mentioned by Roose means that it would be next to impossible to execute the razing of Winterfell plot point in the final episode without Ramsay being someone already on the show.  With Rodrick already dead and presumably no Winterfell forces attempting to retake the gates, it is difficult to fathom how any kind of betrayal will be portrayed once the Dreadfort forces arrive.  And it would be awfully strange to have a masked, unspeaking extra playing Ramsay this season as it would be terribly confusing for the audience to complete a razing of Winterfell without some kind of deception that would require a certain amount of conversation with Theon in order to convey what exactly is going on.  Dagmer revealing himself at this point after allowing "Ramsay's" forces into Winterfell (either secretly or through some contrived deception) would be a far easier way to demonstrate that Theon has been duped from the get-go.  No one in the audience will understand the motivations of the Boltons who arrive if there isn't some kind of "inside man".
Alfie Allen in a recent interview stated how excited he was about how a certain huge scene came off in the final episode which he specifically mentioned the Dagmer actor being involved with him.  This could be referencing a number of things but certainly the drama involved with the Dagmer deception being finally revealed would be a great scene for the two of them.
I guess there could be some quibbles with the fact that in this scenario, Roose is playing an extremely long game which wasn't as clear in the books.  And having Ramsay being sent to Pyke could be seen as a little convuluted but is it really any more convuluted as Ramsay switching identities with his torture pet, getting captured, going to Winterfell, befriending Theon and quickly becoming his trusted confidant before turning on him and burning down the city? (which seems patently ridiculous and confusing when laid out this way, probably why D&D made the changes they did).
We'll see how this works out soon enough but I think even the most ardent denier of this scenario would have to admit that everything is pointing to Dagmer being a part of the Bolton plot (at the very least in league with Roose/Ramsay) and will probably have a major role to play in Theon's arc past this season.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 19 May 2012 - 02:12 PM.
3745	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	Welcome, King Tommen Lurker!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Your post was lucid and well written.  Last week, Axechucker at TVEquals had this interesting take on the Dagmer=Ramsey issue.  I admit that I never noticed what was going on in the background just before 'Dagmer' approaches Theon for the first time, but Axechucker sure did!BOOK READER SPOILER: Dagmer (Ralph Ineson) is actually playing the role of Reek when he subliminally suggests to Theon that they have actually â<U+0080><U+009C>foundâ<U+0080><U+009D> Bran and Rickon. This gives strength to a theory Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve had ever since meeting Dagmer: Dagmer â<U+0080><U+009C>Cleftjawâ<U+0080><U+009D> is actually Ramsayâ<U+0080><U+0094>the Bastard of Bolton.Here me out! This is a spitball in the great tradition of spitballs, sure, but my argument gains traction every time I see Dagmer onscreen. After seeing Dagmer taking Reekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place during the hunt for the boys, and then re-rewatching his introductory scene at Pyke in â<U+0080><U+009C>The Ghost of Harrenhal,â<U+0080><U+009D> Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m more convinced it could be true. Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what backs up the total shot-in-the-dark I offer, based not just on the fact that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hip in a very Reek-like manner, but also because of his odd introduction two episodes ago:1. When Theon is talking to Black Lorren on the docks of Pyke, a hunched figure in a black cloak and shawl exits the building (tiny inn? drinking shack?) behind them in the background. This person is practically the ONLY person in the scene not in Ironborn dead-fish gray drag clothes. The figure goes around the corner.2. When Theon is talking to Yara, Dagmer (in full armor) comes back around the same corner and goes INTO the shack.3. As Yara leaves, Dagmer exits the shack with a traveling satchel in hand. At no point do any of the Ironborn, Yara included, interact or notice Dagmer. This introduces the possibility that he has simply inserted himself within the group.4. Dagmer refers to the Ironborn as â<U+0080><U+009C>them,â<U+0080><U+009D> not â<U+0080><U+009C>us.â<U+0080><U+009D>5. Dagmer is an â<U+0080><U+009C>idea guy.â<U+0080><U+009D> This is underscored when he â<U+0080><U+009C>givesâ<U+0080><U+009D> Theon the idea to use the two Winter Town boys in replace of Bran and Rickon. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s exactly what Reek did in the books.6. Setting up a secret Ramsay with an earlier tie to Theon makes more sense for a TV show than just having this random guy we only heard mentioned once retake Winterfell after Theon sacks it. Who better to betray than the one person that gained Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s trust so early? Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re invested in Dagmer earlier than we would be with some faceless guy from the Dreadfort. Ramsay is so sneaky he fooled even the book readers. Hell, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d do.7. Ralph Ineson is too good an actor with too much cred to have in some throwaway role. The bookâ<U+0080><U+0099>s version of Dagmer â<U+0080><U+009C>Cleftjawâ<U+0080><U+009D> is not big enough for Inesonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s capable boots.Granted, this isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t perfect. Here are a few things that work against my theory:1. The hunched figure in black is blurry, but really does look like an old woman when I squint. The face seems too pale for Dagmer, unless the showrunners / director are being REALLY careful.2. Dagmer says heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s first mate, which is a pretty important title to just casually wave about. Unless he knew ahead of time that the Sea Bitch had no first mate, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s probably something you just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t randomly claim. The only other explanation is Ramsay knew the REAL Dagmer, killed him ahead of time, stowed his armor, and maybe even scarred his face in order to pass as this â<U+0080><U+009C>Cleftjawâ<U+0080><U+009D> character (a name we actually havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t heard yet)â<U+0080>¦ I dunno. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a reach.Of course thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the chance that Ramsay has simply been Dagmer for years, and that when Lord Roose Bolton suggests to Robb that he send his bastard from the Dreadfort, he already knows Ramsay has joined Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s forces. Is it still a reach? Sure. But damn, it would be cool if the writers worked to pull a fast one on the book readers. It makes sense to me, story-wise. The name Ramsay means a lot to us, but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s basically nothing at all to people who just watch the show. Having Dagmer betray Theon would be ten times cooler than him just showing up with the Bolton forces on Winterfellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s doorstep. END BOOK SPOILER!
3746	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	Everybody knows the Degmar is just Ramsey spelt backwards. ; }
3747	madman2711	2012-05-19	I think that this ramsay = reek = dagmer theory is mega bs
I dont care for actors age or looks as they could befooling us
But i have a better one maybe dagmer is imaginary / a ghost of theon's sick mind as he doesn't interact with anybody 
Or maybe is Qarl - asha/ yara lover 
Or maybe he isnt ramsay but its reek (version 1.0)
Or for certain he is a Euron in disguise
3748	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	I think that this ramsay = reek = dagmer theory is mega bs I dont care for actors age or looks as they could befooling us But i have a better one maybe dagmer is imaginary / a ghost of theon's sick mind as he doesn't interact with anybody Or maybe is Qarl - asha/ yara lover Or maybe he isnt ramsay but its reek (version 1.0) Or for certain he is a Euron in disguiseThe funniest part is, if that reviewer and others are right, and D&amp;D do reveal that Dagmer=Ramsey, the shrieking and tearing of hair and rending of clothes in these threads will be so gi-normous as to drown out any other discussion. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />ETA:  typo
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 19 May 2012 - 02:43 PM.
3749	madman2711	2012-05-19	Wtf i enjoy this show too much to belive this could be true
Where is Bronn? He missed the riot and we dont know nothing of his whereabouts 
The mountain clans have vanished also although by this time they were in the kingswood
3750	jlk7e	2012-05-19	This Dagmer = Ramsay theory is seriously ridiculous.  Reek being Ramsay made complete sense.  It makes absolutely no sense why Ramsay would be on Pyke, and why he would be accepted as first mate of an Ironborn ship.  The claim that Ineson is too good an actor to play a character of as minor importance as book Dagmer is self-refuting - it's obvious the writers have made show Dagmer into a more important character than book Dagmer.
The problem here comes from people assuming that because show Dagmer has been acting, in some ways, towards Theon as Reek does in the book, that means it makes sense to say that Dagmer is Ramsay just like Reek is.
But, again, this makes no sense.  It is simply totally senseless for Ramsay to be in Pyke acting as the first officer of an Ironborn ship.  This literally makes no sense at all.
3751	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-19	The whole Dagmer being Ramsay thing is a joke, right? I mean, common sense alone rules out that theory with just a cursory glance, so it has to be an elaborate joke. I refuse to believe anyone thinks this theory is actually credible.
Anyway, since a lot of people are discussing how the season should end, I copied a post of mine from the general GoT forum:
"I'm hoping the final scenes of the second season are (in this order): Dany, Jorah, Barristan, and everyone else sailing away from Qarth while the dragons fly above them, then the three horn blasts which fades to black. Similar to last season, after the fade to black we'll get a cool shot of a ray of light penetrating the darkness as the door to the crypts open and Bran, Rickon & company emerge and have their conversation with Maester Luwin. 
Similar to last season where episode nine was very much the culmination of the season and the finale worked more to set up the story going forward. Jon and Dany both have fantastic arcs in A Song of Swords, so it makes sense to have material from Essos and North of the Wall close out the season, with the more uplifting (sort of) scene at Winterfell to end it."
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 19 May 2012 - 03:10 PM.
3752	House Snow	2012-05-19	Great post King Tommen.  Maybe we are wrong but I think the deniers are being awfully unfair to the people supporting this theory.  At the fvery least there is a ton of circumstantial evidence.  Also Roose really only has to be 14-15 year older than Ramsey as it is concievable that he had him young-and on the show I can buy that age difference.  Show Roose look early to mid 50s while Ramsey is in the late 30-early 40s age range.  Roose honestly looks at least 10 years older to me and probably more.  I'd like to see a picture side by side to compare.
3753	House Snow	2012-05-19	So the people who don't agree with the theory what is your explanation for the picture I posted?
3754	moonsblood	2012-05-19	So the people who don't agree with the theory what is your explanation for the picture I posted?What in that picture suggests that Dagmar is Ramsay? I'm not being a dick, I just must have missed something.  I wouldn't be surprised if he turned out the be Ramsay, but I would definitely be disappointed.
					
					
							Edited by spiritguides, 19 May 2012 - 03:38 PM.
3755	DragonAge93	2012-05-19	Dagmer and Ramsay are two completely different characters, I highly doubt they'd do something like you're suggesting.
Roose has confirmed Ramsay is at the Dreadfort, and I'm pretty sure if his son had moved to the Iron Islands he'd have heard of it. Dagmer's only taking Reek's spot, most likely because the writers thought it'd be better to have an Iron Islander guiding Theon in his decisions rather than a no-name prisoner from the dungeons. It'd be more confusing to the non-book readers, and it's easier to have an established Ironborn to guide Theon. Ramsay will appear and take over Winterfell, and his story will continue on from there.
But what in the picture suggested Dagmer is Ramsay? We just have him standing next to Theon. Nothing spoilery about that.
3756	House Snow	2012-05-19	The sigil has been torn off.  Seems an awfully big coincidence that every Iron islanders has a kraken on the middle of their armor and Dagmers just happens to be the one torn off.  Must have been some wardrobe malfunction.  Are we sure they didn't cast Justin Timberlake.
3757	NewJeffCT	2012-05-19	the season two promo with the three horns was fantastic, so I'd bet its the end of the season, maybe with the image of walkers approaching in the dark? the final episode will be really strong I think, with so many cliffhangers. Jaime escaping with Brienne, the three horn blasts, Dany in the HOTU, Jon killing Qhorin, Margaery arriving to King's Landing with a plan to rescue Sansa, etcI'm hoping they end it somewhat like the book - Dany is done with the HOTU in episode 8, and then is saved by Arstan Whitebeard when the warlocks strike back at her via a Sorrowful Man.
3758	jlk7e	2012-05-19	What in that picture is supposed to point to Dagmer being Ramsay?
3759	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-19	Wild prediction: Roose will catch Robb and "Talisa" at it (probably without them knowing), and send an anonymous raven to the Dreadfort. 
They've been dumbing down a lot of "subtle" book hints for TV viewers, and I think it's safe to say Roose's betrayal needs to be seeded a little.
3760	boojam	2012-05-19	Wtf i enjoy this show too much to belive this could be trueWhere is Bronn? He missed the riot and we dont know nothing of his whereabouts The mountain clans have vanished also although by this time they were in the kingswood Well we really have not seen Tyrion all that much last two episodes, and Bronn is usually with him as long as it's some kind of business.And lord!, Conleth Hill has been missing since episode 3, tho there is a still about showing him in either the next episode of E9 or E10.It's odd neither IMDB nor Wiki give full lists for upcoming episodes , HBO must release some list. In fact since everything is in the can now, all the cast of all S2 Episodes is known to somebody.Odd also that in Wikipedia only 'Guest actors' actors for an episode are listed.That seems ok , if that actor has , well I sort of secondary role, or maybe would not be around by the end of all Seasons (if we get them), but Gwendoline Christie is always listed as a 'guest' , if they follow ASoIaF her character will be there to at least novel 6.Another odd thing, well I guess HBO is slow, on the 'cast' page, there are 'cast' and 'introduced in season 1'.Major new cast like Stephen Dillane ,  Carice van Houten ,Liam Cunningham have been added to 'cast'.But , at this late date, members like Gwendoline Christie , Tom Wlaschiha , Gemma Whelan , and Oona Chaplin are nowhere to be seen.Finn Jones (as an example), who gets fair screen time in both seasons are not mentioned at all! (is he?), there are a few others, I guess after season 2 someone like Rose Leslie will be listed as 'Introduced in season 2'?That cast page seems highly-piggly, not entirely sure what it represents. I mean a major actor and character like Charles Dance seems relegated to almost being an extra!I suppose? A full cast list will be given some day?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 19 May 2012 - 04:22 PM.
3761	Maroucia	2012-05-19	Does anyone have spoiling information about tomorrowâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode? Last week, there was a poster who was able to describe the episode almost entirely before it airedâ<U+0080>¦
I would like to be spoiled again, if possible, but donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel like reading the whole threadâ<U+0080>¦ Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m lazy, I know! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3762	gpdrometer	2012-05-19	I'm hoping they end it somewhat like the book - Dany is done with the HOTU in episode 8, and then is saved by Arstan Whitebeard when the warlocks strike back at her via a Sorrowful Man.if the seasons filmed back-to-back then that could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for HBO to introduce characters at the end of a season (they can just start Artsan Whitebeard fresh in season 3)
3763	King Tommen	2012-05-19	This Dagmer = Ramsay theory is seriously ridiculous. Reek being Ramsay made complete sense. It makes absolutely no sense why Ramsay would be on Pyke, and why he would be accepted as first mate of an Ironborn ship. The claim that Ineson is too good an actor to play a character of as minor importance as book Dagmer is self-refuting - it's obvious the writers have made show Dagmer into a more important character than book Dagmer. The problem here comes from people assuming that because show Dagmer has been acting, in some ways, towards Theon as Reek does in the book, that means it makes sense to say that Dagmer is Ramsay just like Reek is. But, again, this makes no sense. It is simply totally senseless for Ramsay to be in Pyke acting as the first officer of an Ironborn ship. This literally makes no sense at all.Him being a 1st mate on an Ironborn ship makes enough sense if he just showed up tagging along with Theon who is the captain of the ship.  Did it appear to you that any of Theon's crew were in the loop in any way when Theon was trying to address them on the docks? I don't see that being much of a stretch.  And Ramsay would be in Pyke because Roose sent him there when he heard at Robb's camp that Theon was heading back there.  As I mentioned, it's a little convuluted but so is the novel's Reek's plot with all the identity switching and subterfuge that would have had to have been orchestrated some time ago in order for Reek to be in Winterfell with Theon.I don't necessarily believe that this is 100% what will happen but if you're going to cut the Reek subplot, you cut the Reek subplot and make everything Theon's doing. You don't have another character playing the devil on his shoulder the whole time and not have the betrayal happen at the end of the season.  They even made sure they already killed Rodrik and are not including any Winterfell forces attempting to retake the castle so that Ramsay's forces turn on them (Dagmer is even the one who forced Theon's hand into killing Rodrik).Whether Dagmer is actually Ramsay Snow could be up for debate but it would be silly not to acknowledge that they are certainly setting him up to be in league with the Boltons at the very least as he is the one orchestrating all of Theon's actions.  Screenwriting 101 states that this character will end up being a bigger player than what he is currently being portrayed as.And if he is nothing besides Theon's henchman, how exactly is the razing of Winterfell supposed to happen in episode 10 without an actor cast as Ramsay and the character supposedly on his way from the Dreadfort? I have a hard time picturing how we're supposed to see the betrayal from Ramsay if you can't see him and he doesn't talk.  Does it not make more sense for a group to arrive from the Dreadfort (maybe even with one of Ramsay's men posing as him temporarily) and for Dagmer to allow them passage into Winterfell (either secretly or by convincing Theon to open the gates) and then have him reveal himself to Theon at that point for maximum dramatic effect?If it's a different guy that is yet to be cast, maybe they'll just have Dagmer be in league with the group, reveal himself and then tell Theon that he's taking him back to the Dreadfort under Ramsay's command after burning down Winterfell. Though, it's dramatically more powerful if he reveals himself as Ramsay IMO.
3764	DragonAge93	2012-05-19	But why would Ramsay just, on a whim, go down to the Iron Islands and meet up with Theon? What were the chances he'd even see him? I can't wait for them to introduce Ramsay so that way this silly speculation can stop.
3765	King Tommen	2012-05-19	But why would Ramsay just, on a whim, go down to the Iron Islands and meet up with Theon? What were the chances he'd even see him? I can't wait for them to introduce Ramsay so that way this silly speculation can stop.As I said, it's not on a whim, presumably Roose would have sent him once he found out in Robb's camp that Theon was going there to meet his father.  He would presumably be under orders to wait for the right time to sidle up to Theon in order to nudge him in the right direction (ie to take Winterfell) which is exactly what happened.  He sauntered out just as Theon's crew and Yara had left and introduced himself as "1st mate" which Theon took at face value, having never met any of his crew.
3766	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	Does anyone have spoiling information about tomorrowâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode? Last week, there was a poster who was able to describe the episode almost entirely before it airedâ<U+0080>¦ I would like to be spoiled again, if possible, but donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel like reading the whole threadâ<U+0080>¦ Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m lazy, I know! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Ah, yes, that was addsend.  I just PM'd him, asking that he come join us here and fill us in!!
3767	Ciglon	2012-05-19	With regards to this Ramsay=Reek theory, wouldn't Ser Rodrik Cassel have recognized that Dagmer looks an awful lot like Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort? Even if Roose hadn't brought Ramsay to Winterfell in the past for feasts or whatever since he's a bastard, I assume he looks like his father, even a little bit...? After all, the only reason he wasn't recognized in Winterfell in the books was because it was full of commoners (with exception of Luwint & co.) and mainly b/c he was dressed as Reek. How did Ser Rodrik not notice something weird going on there last episode? Or Maester Luwin or somebody? I assume these people have met Roose Bolton a few times in the past.
3768	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-19	With regards to this Ramsay=Reek theory, wouldn't Ser Rodrik Cassel have recognized that Dagmer looks an awful lot like Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort? Even if Roose hadn't brought Ramsay to Winterfell in the past for feasts or whatever since he's a bastard, I assume he looks like his father, even a little bit...? After all, the only reason he wasn't recognized in Winterfell in the books was because it was full of commoners (with exception of Luwint & co.) and mainly b/c he was dressed as Reek. How did Ser Rodrik not notice something weird going on there last episode? Or Maester Luwin or somebody? I assume these people have met Roose Bolton a few times in the past.Roose is described as looking nothing like Ramsay, aside from the eyes. Since "the eyes" aren't really a viable plot point courtesy of uncomfortable contacts, then it probably wouldn't be too hard to overlook the non-family resemblance.Not that I buy or even like the Dagmer = Ramsay theory, but still. I'm more inclined to think an extra playing Ramsay's "Red Helm" persona will kill Dagmer in episode ten, and show us who the real bad boss of the north is.
3769	King Tommen	2012-05-19	I think Rodrik had a few other things on his mind at the time...
And in the context of the show, we have no idea who or who doesn't know Ramsay Snow.  Again, Dagmer might not specifically be Ramsay but I think it's pretty clear that he's going to be the one doing the betraying so he's at the very least, in league with the Boltons.  Since there is no one else in episode 10 to provide any kind of explanation to Theon as to how exactly he is about to be screwed (since Ramsay hasn't been cast this season), then someone has to lay it out for him.  Dagmer's the logical choice and if that's the case, it's far more dramatic that Dagmer ends up being the Bastard rather than some shadowy figure who the audience has no knowledge of at this point.
I was on board with believing they were just holding off on introducing Ramsay until season 3 but Roose announcing a couple episodes ago that he was sending Ramsay to Winterfell would signal that you're going to see the guy.  Since a new actor hasn't been cast for the role, it stands to reason he's already been introduced and is impersonating someone else (you know, like Reek did in the novels).
3770	House Snow	2012-05-19	Also Rodrik, nor anyone else in Winterfell, failed to recognize the original Ramsey in the book despite him seemingly being the most notorious bastard to ever walk Westeros.  And really, if in the book, Ramsey can trick the entirety of Winterfell, Theon, and Theon's iron islanders into thinking he wasn't Ramsey  why are people all the sudden hesitant to say he can't trick all of these people in the show.  I agree that the show needs to do a good job explaining such a deviation if it happens, but I think people are acting like the book was somehow less convoluted when it was convoluted as heck.
Look at it another way if they shot it the way it was in the books but held back Ramseys backstory until the taking of Winterfell, everyone would be saying what the hell was he doing in Winterfell in the first place if he is the most wanted man in Westeros,-i.e. its really not that different than what hypothetically would have to happen in the show.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 19 May 2012 - 05:43 PM.
3771	NewJeffCT	2012-05-19	if the seasons filmed back-to-back then that could be a possibility, but it doesn't make sense for HBO to introduce characters at the end of a season (they can just start Artsan Whitebeard fresh in season 3)Well, Arstan really isn't an introduction - he'd be a returning character from Season 1.  They could have him say he's a squire to Belwas and was sent by Magister Illyrio.
3772	NewJeffCT	2012-05-19	Also Rodrik, nor anyone else in Winterfellfor that matter, didn't recognize the original Ramsey in the book despite him seemingly the more notorious bastard to ever walk Westeros. And really, if in the book, Ramsey can trick the entirety of Winterfell, Theon, and Theon's ironislanders why are people all the sudden hesitant to say he can't trick them in the show. I agree that the show needs to do a good job explaining such a deviation if it happens, but I think people are acting like the book was somehow less convoluted when it was convoluted as heck.Ramsay as Reek tricked people because he covered himself in excrement and nobody wanted to get close enough to investigate if he was not Reek.  The guy stunk to high heaven and was standing over the dead body of a man dressed in Ramsay Bolton's clothing, so nobody thought to check if Ramsay was tricking them.  I mean, how many people would cover themselves in human waste like that?
3773	jlk7e	2012-05-19	I don't think there's any evidence at all to suggest that Dagmer is working for the Boltons.  All this stuff is being made up out of thin air.
In fact, there's no evidence that Roose is intending to betray Robb at this point (in the books, in fact, it seems fairly clear that he only decides to betray Robb after the Blackwater.)  Ramsay's sack of Winterfell was a freelance operation that Roose knew nothing about.
					
					
							Edited by jlk7e, 19 May 2012 - 05:44 PM.
3774	moonsblood	2012-05-19	The sigil has been torn off.  Seems an awfully big coincidence that every Iron islanders has a kraken on the middle of their armor and Dagmers just happens to be the one torn off.  Must have been some wardrobe malfunction.  Are we sure they didn't cast Justin Timberlake.I just rewatched a man without honor, and all the iron men's sigils are tore up like that, I think its just supposed to be weathered looking.  Theon doesn't even have a sigil.
3775	House Snow	2012-05-19	That not true, I even linked a photo of the two standing right by each other.
3776	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	That not true, I even linked a photo of the two standing right by each other.Re-link the pic?  THX.
3777	J_Crews	2012-05-19	The age bothers me more than any of the other hard-to-understand ties in the whole Dagmer=Ramsey thing.  The dude who plays Dagmer is 42 and looks it; unless we're supposed to believe Roose is in his late 50s and had him young or in his mid-50s and had him *REAL* young, it just doesn't ring true.  They look close to the same age to me.Maybe Dagmer is Roose's brother/Ramsey's uncle!  Ha ha!  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> /idea.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':idea:' /> /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />That was sarcasm, btw.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 19 May 2012 - 06:18 PM.
3778	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	With regards to this Ramsay=Reek theory, wouldn't Ser Rodrik Cassel have recognized that Dagmer looks an awful lot like Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort?No.  Ramsey looks nothing at all like Roose, save for his eyes alone. From Dance: Ramsay was clad in black and pinkâ<U+0080><U+0094>black boots, black belt and scabbard, black leather jerkin over a pink velvet doublet slashed with dark red satin. In his right ear gleamed a garnet cut in the shape of a drop of blood. Yet for all the splendor of his garb, he remained an ugly man, big-boned and slope-shouldered, with a fleshiness to him that suggested that in later life he would run to fat. His skin was pink and blotchy, his nose broad, his mouth small, his hair long and dark and dry. His lips were wide and meaty, but the thing men noticed first about him were his eyes. He had his lord fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyesâ<U+0080><U+0094>small, close-set, queerly pale. Ghost grey, some men called the shade, but in truth his eyes were all but colorless, like two chips of dirty ice.
3779	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	Why in the world would Dagmer have his sigil â<U+0080><U+0094> presumably kraken â<U+0080><U+0094> ripped from his tunic like that?
3780	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	Roose Bolton is presumably older than the actor playing him (Michael McElhatton is only 37 years old) because it is often remarked in the book that the Lord of the Dreadfort was older than he looked, that his skin had not yet begun to wrinkle.  Some attributed this to his draining himself of bad blood, although less savoury possibilities also come to mind.In contrast, his bastard Ramsey does not look good at all.
3781	_Oberyn_	2012-05-19	Why in the world would Dagmer have his sigil â<U+0080><U+0094> presumably kraken â<U+0080><U+0094> ripped from his tunic like that?Maybe it just fell off and they could not be arsed to postone the filming for that day /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 19 May 2012 - 06:55 PM.
3782	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	On the matter of peopleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ages, notice how â<U+0080><U+009C>Dagmerâ<U+0080><U+009D> is an anagram for â<U+0080><U+009C>Mr Agedâ<U+0080><U+009D>. Go figger!
3783	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	This is all such fun, because none of us has a clue what D and D have in mind here.  (addsend, where are you to give us our weekly spoilers!  I summon you, man!  Appear!  Speak!)  But according to Snape's Law (which I just made up, this very second), those who are the loudest in being enraged/angry/contemptuous at this possibility of Dagmer=Ramsey will, if its in fact true, express with equal or surpassing loudness of rage/anger/contempt their opinion of why it was a stupid idea in the first place.  Snape's Law.   It is known.ETA:  typo
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 19 May 2012 - 07:02 PM.
3784	J_Crews	2012-05-19	Roose Bolton is presumably older than the actor playing him (Michael McElhatton is only 37 years old) because it is often remarked in the book that the Lord of the Dreadfort was older than he looked, that his skin had not yet begun to wrinkle. Some attributed this to his draining himself of bad blood, although less savoury possibilities also come to mind. In contrast, his bastard Ramsey does not look good at all. Well, we know from dialogue in ADwD that Roose had already inherited his lordship when he begat Ramsey, during the rule of Lord Rickard as Warden of the North, but I never got the impression that he was supposed to be altogether old, just older than Ned, who was 35 during AGoT.  For Dagmer to be his kid, he would've had to be in his 20s when Ned was born.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 19 May 2012 - 07:31 PM.
3785	J_Crews	2012-05-19	This is all such fun, because none of us has a clue what D and D have in mind here. (addsend, where are you to give us our weekly spoilers! I summon you, man! Appear! Speak!)Do we know the original source of the spoilers?
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 19 May 2012 - 07:30 PM.
3786	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	Well, we know from dialogue in ADwD that Roose had already inherited his lordship when he begat Ramsey, during the rule of Lord Rickard as Warden of the North, but I never got the impression that he was supposed to be altogether old, just older than Ned, who was 35 during AGoT. For Dagmer to be his kid, he would've had to be i his 20s when Ned was born.All that is true.  In book world.  Not applicable in tv world.
3787	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	Do we know the original source of the spoilers?Nope, and addsend is (quite rightly) very cautious about never even using 'he' or 'she' when referring to The Source.  We just know that The Source has been spot-on in every detail.
3788	Crown	2012-05-19	Nope, and addsend is (quite rightly) very cautious about never even using 'he' or 'she' when referring to The Source.  We just know that The Source has been spot-on in every detail.Did addsend post any spoilers for next episode(s)?
3789	J_Crews	2012-05-19	All that is true.  In book world.  Not applicable in tv world.Very good point.Nope, and addsend is (quite rightly) very cautious about never even using 'he' or 'she' when referring to The Source.  We just know that The Source has been spot-on in every detail.I thought he said something like that this person was getting them from some "infamous" site on the web, but that they were obviously coming from someone in the know originally.  I was wondering if anybody knew what the site was; or am I misremembering?
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 19 May 2012 - 07:40 PM.
3790	J_Crews	2012-05-19	Did addsend post any spoilers for next episode(s)?Not yet; that's what we're hoping to get soon.
3791	Crown	2012-05-19	Not yet; that's what we're hoping to get soon.I'll check back tomorrow morning, hope we get to hear something about the chain being confirmed for real.
3792	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	Very good point. I thought he said something like that this person was getting them from some "infamous" site on the web, but that they were obviously coming from someone in the know originally. I was wondering if anybody knew what the site was; or am I misremembering?I believe someone else said/suggested that about addsend's information.  But I didn't agree with that implication a bit.  addsend's info was soooo detailed, so minutely spot-on, scene after scene.  Damnit, addsend, where are you, man?  We need you tonight!  Fire and Blood!  Iron Price!  Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken!  Whatever, whatever!
3793	salt	2012-05-19	Dagmer is not Ramsay. 
Please continue.
3794	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	We donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even have the customary list of ten mini teaser-spoilers from Digital Spy tonight.
3795	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-19	Dagmer is not Ramsay.Please continue.Doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t matter. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s doing everything Ramsay did.  A rose by any other name....
3796	House Snow	2012-05-19	I thought addsend posted the day of the show, if he comes back.
3797	moonsblood	2012-05-19	the picture from The Prince of Winterfell http://wicnet.tumblr...ost/23351761180from A Man Without Honor http://dethship.tumb...ost/23385263630  (click on it to zoom in)All the Iron men's sigils are tore up, Dagmar's is the same in both pics.
3798	House Snow	2012-05-19	No, but those aren't torn up the ones the men are wearing are black but they are intact.  Theon's isn't the same color.  We need to find a better picture of Theons.
3799	moonsblood	2012-05-19	They look very weathered to me, not completely gone but not in very good shape, which I think is due to exposure.  lol at this point we should probably just agree to disagree /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3800	Grumpy Midget	2012-05-19	Random wear and tear to make the armor look more "worn".  Or more fuel for the Dagmar=Ramsay theory?
3801	Kasoroth	2012-05-19	What if Dagmer isn't Ramsay, but is secretly working for him or something?  They probably aren't going to take the time or money to have a whole battle, so Ramsay still needs a way into tbe castle.  Dagmer has the same kind of evil glee as Ramsay so I could see him as taking the role of one of Ramsays henchmen that we meet in ADWD.They wouldn't necessarily need Ramsay to fight his way into the castle.  Ramsay could surround Winterfell, and Luwin could convince Theon to surrender and take the Black.  Ramsay's complete evilness was obvious by this point in the books, but in the show, it's possible that Luwin might not realize how bad an idea it is to surrender the castle to Ramsay (who has been officially sent to retake it at Robb's request, with some encouragement from Roose).
3802	moonsblood	2012-05-19	Random wear and tear to make the armor look more "worn". Or more fuel for the Dagmar=Ramsay theory?I submit it as evidence against the Dagmar=Ramsay theory
3803	Warden of the North121	2012-05-19	Too bad we haven't gotten that list of 10 teasers for the past couple episodes. I really liked those.
3804	House Snow	2012-05-19	For what its worth I went back and look at the Theon parts of the episodes.  The torn armor doesn't show up until the last episode, its still intact on Dagmer in the other episodes.  I guess we will find out in  a couple episodes for sure.
3805	iheartseverus	2012-05-19	For what its worth I went back and look at the Theon parts of the episodes. The torn armor doesn't show up until the last episode, its still intact on Dagmer in the other episodes. I guess we will find out in a couple episodes for sure.Has anyone 'studied' the background going on when Theon is first meeting his crew--the stuff about someone sneaking in and out of a 'drinking house?' Going around the corner, coming back, cloaked and then, armored, and with a back pack?   From what the reviewer said, that was the only person in the background, and surely, they didn't set up that whole background scene for nothing.  That seemed to be, in the reviewer's opinion, the basis for Dagmer=Ramsay.  That perhaps in that background scene, Ramsey killed the real Dagmer and took his place, because then he, Ramsay/Dagmer, next appears next to Theon, saying: 'I'm your first mate.'  Anybody studied that background action?
3806	moonsblood	2012-05-19	^I'm on the case!
3807	jlk7e	2012-05-19	Wait, so the actor playing Dagmer is older than the actor playing Roose?  I'm going to go out on a limb and suggest that the producers would not have cast an actor to play the son of a man played by an actor younger than him.So, on the one side:1) the actor playing Roose is younger than the actor playing Dagmer2) nobody has yet provided a halfway convincing explanation of why Ramsay would be on PykeOn the other side:1) an extra moves in the background during that one scene on Pyke2) Dagmer on the show is doing some of the things that Ramsay does in the book3) The emblem on his tunic is torn.Is that about right?
3808	jlk7e	2012-05-19	I'll also add right ahead of time that, yes, if, by some insanity, it turns out that they are making Dagmer Ramsay, it is a horrible, horrible idea.  I don't know why that's supposed to be some kind of irony.  The reason I don't think it is true is because, if true, it would be an awful idea.  It's an awful idea to cast a roughly 40 year old actor as the son of another roughly 40 year old actor, and it's an awful idea to have a "twist" that doesn't make any logical sense just because there's a different twist in the books that does make sense.
3809	J_Crews	2012-05-19	I'll also add right ahead of time that, yes, if, by some insanity, it turns out that they are making Dagmer Ramsay, it is a horrible, horrible idea.  I don't know why that's supposed to be some kind of irony.  The reason I don't think it is true is because, if true, it would be an awful idea.  It's an awful idea to cast a roughly 40 year old actor as the son of another roughly 40 year old actor...I agree.  That would be a worse kerfuffle than any of the previous changes they've made.
3810	Ser Illin'	2012-05-19	I don't think that Dagmer fulfilling Ramsay's function in the book is great evidence that he is Ramsay. This kind of thing happens all the time in adaptations e.g. Arwen fulfilling the role of Glorfindel by rescuing Frodo in the LOTR movies. Yes, the first season was a lot more faithful to the book, but as I'm sure you all know, the second book is much longer than the first, and the second season still only has 10 hours of storytelling. A friend mentioned to me that it makes sense to hold off on the Sack of Winterfell until the next season because of continuity issues with Ramsay. He's important in the second book, yes, but he disappears for Storm and Feast, only to return in Dance. They might not have been able to work out a contract with anyone that far in advance, especially given that seasons 3 and 4 will both be Storm. This seems like a more plausible reason why Ramsay's arrival seems so delayed. 
Also, to a question I feel is more pressing.... Is "Talisa" actually Jeyne? She seemed apprehensive about going to the Crag... thoughts?
3811	jlk7e	2012-05-19	I think Talisa is actually Jeyne.  There have been strong intimations that she is concealing information from Robb, and otherwise, why use the Crag?
3812	moonsblood	2012-05-19	I have gone over the "mysterious hooded background person" like 10 times now and IMO its pretty weak evidence.  The building seems to be a storeroom.  Here is the hooded figure in question : http://dethship.tumb...ost/23394526744 (click for a closer look) they are exiting the storeroom and seem to go around the corner.  Next we have Dagmar coming around that corner with his sack: http://dethship.tumb...ost/23394738381  his first stop is the storeroom: http://dethship.tumb...ost/23394890670  If he and the hooded person were there same why would he go back to the storeroom?As for "Talisa" no question she's Jeyne.
					
					
							Edited by spiritguides, 19 May 2012 - 11:26 PM.
3813	Warden of the North121	2012-05-19	I'll also add right ahead of time that, yes, if, by some insanity, it turns out that they are making Dagmer Ramsay, it is a horrible, horrible idea.  I don't know why that's supposed to be some kind of irony.  The reason I don't think it is true is because, if true, it would be an awful idea.  It's an awful idea to cast a roughly 40 year old actor as the son of another roughly 40 year old actor, and it's an awful idea to have a "twist" that doesn't make any logical sense just because there's a different twist in the books that does make sense.I agree with this wholeheartedly. Could it be true? Perhaps but it's unlikely and if it is indeed true it's probably the first change that I would regard as being completely stupid and unecessary. I'm almost positive he's in league with the Boltons somehow put imo he isn't Ramsay.
3814	GoodGuyA	2012-05-19	Back on the Rattleshirt point, I'm curious as to how this whole thing will resolve itself. I think it was certainly a mistake to show Jon rolling away in the preview, but at least we know that he does escape. The whole set up for this particular scene makes me understand the changes a little better. They wanted to really establish Rattleshirt upfront to act as a primary antagonist in the Wildling forces since he'll technically be the only one (since I think people will agree with and like Mance to some degree), and this seems like a good moment for the characters involved.Not sure if it's been discussed, but people have said that Qhorin was captured too? I think I saw a post or so saying that they saw him in one particular shot, meaning that the resolution could become unfaithful to such an awesome scene in the books if not done right. It could go two ways:1. Qhorin escapes, meets with Jon, they are pursued, and by the end of the season Jon makes his last stand.2. They hold Qhorin captive, Rattleshirt forces Jon to kill Qhorin, and then either Ygritte speaks for him to save him or Jon says that it was his plan to do it and defect (as par a cue from Qhorin).While, of course, many will shout at the idea of such a change, it's not all together a bad idea. It certainly progresses the Jon character, though in a different direction, and makes the viewer still feel the shock about him forsaking the Night's Watch. I think the way of the books is better merely because I don't see Jon as able to take that leap in the face of imminent demise, but I would not berate D&D for doing it when it comes to the adaptation.
3815	Lord Godric	2012-05-19	Cersei could have found out about Shae from the other handmaid she threatened in the last episode (from Sansa's flowering scene). I think it was a pretty stupid move on Shae's part, seeing as she doesn't have any "little birds" or any spies of her own to uphold the threat. It would be easy for the maid to run and tell Cersei, Shae really can't do anything to stop her, so all she's done is just cast suspicion on herself.That was my first thought.  When I saw Shae threaten the handmaiden I instantly said "that's how Cersei finds out,"  but will Cersei punish the wrong whore like she did in the books (perhaps Roz?) or will she actually get Shae?
3816	Lord Godric	2012-05-19	Looks like Richard Madden trolled us in his interview about Talisa . It looks like she will after all be Jeyne Westerling in disguise.Based on what? I watched the show with the features on and they mention that The Crag is the home of the Westerlings; but I got the impression that since Robb is "returning at Dawn" we would miss his scenes at the Crag and any revelation that came with it.  Robb will more than likely return married but will it be to Lady Jeyne Westerling instead of field medic Talisa?
3817	moonsblood	2012-05-19	That was my first thought. When I saw Shae threaten the handmaiden I instantly said "that's how Cersei finds out," but will Cersei punish the wrong whore like she did in the books (perhaps Roz?) or will she actually get Shae?I'm thinking it will be Roz, or maybe even Daisy, her only purpose seems to be getting abused.
3818	J_Crews	2012-05-19	Back on the Rattleshirt point, I'm curious as to how this whole thing will resolve itself. I think it was certainly a mistake to show Jon rolling away in the preview, but at least we know that he does escape. The whole set up for this particular scene makes me understand the changes a little better. They wanted to really establish Rattleshirt upfront to act as a primary antagonist in the Wildling forces since he'll technically be the only one (since I think people will agree with and like Mance to some degree), and this seems like a good moment for the characters involved.Not sure if it's been discussed, but people have said that Qhorin was captured too? I think I saw a post or so saying that they saw him in one particular shot, meaning that the resolution could become unfaithful to such an awesome scene in the books if not done right. It could go two ways:1. Qhorin escapes, meets with Jon, they are pursued, and by the end of the season Jon makes his last stand.2. They hold Qhorin captive, Rattleshirt forces Jon to kill Qhorin, and then either Ygritte speaks for him to save him or Jon says that it was his plan to do it and defect (as par a cue from Qhorin).While, of course, many will shout at the idea of such a change, it's not all together a bad idea. It certainly progresses the Jon character, though in a different direction, and makes the viewer still feel the shock about him forsaking the Night's Watch. I think the way of the books is better merely because I don't see Jon as able to take that leap in the face of imminent demise, but I would not berate D&amp;D for doing it when it comes to the adaptation.It'll be #2, except it'll be done on Quorin's express orders rather than a vague cue, just like in the book.  I could even see him attacking Jon, yelling that he's a turncloak -- the implication being that Jon was trying to convince him that both of them should go over to the wildlings, to provide a bit of theater to lend credence to Jon's turning.  People seem to think they have to both escape and be off alone for their conversation vis a vis "Is your sword sharp, Jon Snow?" to happen, but there will be plenty of time for them to have a whispered powow to set it all up, whether they escape or not.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 19 May 2012 - 11:53 PM.
3819	jlk7e	2012-05-20	Back on the Rattleshirt point, I'm curious as to how this whole thing will resolve itself. I think it was certainly a mistake to show Jon rolling away in the preview, but at least we know that he does escape. The whole set up for this particular scene makes me understand the changes a little better. They wanted to really establish Rattleshirt upfront to act as a primary antagonist in the Wildling forces since he'll technically be the only one (since I think people will agree with and like Mance to some degree), and this seems like a good moment for the characters involved. Not sure if it's been discussed, but people have said that Qhorin was captured too? I think I saw a post or so saying that they saw him in one particular shot, meaning that the resolution could become unfaithful to such an awesome scene in the books if not done right. It could go two ways: 1. Qhorin escapes, meets with Jon, they are pursued, and by the end of the season Jon makes his last stand. 2. They hold Qhorin captive, Rattleshirt forces Jon to kill Qhorin, and then either Ygritte speaks for him to save him or Jon says that it was his plan to do it and defect (as par a cue from Qhorin). While, of course, many will shout at the idea of such a change, it's not all together a bad idea. It certainly progresses the Jon character, though in a different direction, and makes the viewer still feel the shock about him forsaking the Night's Watch. I think the way of the books is better merely because I don't see Jon as able to take that leap in the face of imminent demise, but I would not berate D&D for doing it when it comes to the adaptation.I don't see why they can't have them both captive, and still have Qhorin tell Jon that he needs to pretend to defect, and do whatever it takes to make it stick.  In fact, I would be shocked if they don't include such a moment.  I'm not sure how they get there, but I'll be really surprised if they don't. (AKA, what J.S. Crews said)I agree with this wholeheartedly. Could it be true? Perhaps but it's unlikely and if it is indeed true it's probably the first change that I would regard as being completely stupid and unecessary. I'm almost positive he's in league with the Boltons somehow put imo he isn't Ramsay.Why do you think he's in league with the Boltons?  I just think he's an Ironborn asshole.  Nothing he's told Theon to do does anything to advance Bolton interests in any clear way that I can see.Based on what? I watched the show with the features on and they mention that The Crag is the home of the Westerlings; but I got the impression that since Robb is "returning at Dawn" we would miss his scenes at the Crag and any revelation that came with it. Robb will more than likely return married but will it be to Lady Jeyne Westerling instead of field medic Talisa?I don't know that he'll come back married at dawn.  That seems ridiculous.  But the features say the Crag is home to the Westerlings?  That makes the evidence even stronger that Talisa is actually Jeyne Westerling.  Basic reasons why?  1) her back story is deeply sketchy, as both Catelyn and Robb have noticed; 2) she was not eager to go to the Crag with Robb, perhaps because she knew she would be recognized there.I'm thinking it will be Roz, or maybe even Daisy, her only purpose seems to be getting abused.But why would Cersei think that Tyrion would care about what happened to either of them?  These are the two whores he just admitted to her that he sent to Joffrey to be abused.  I think that, given the preparation they've given, the only thing that would make sense is for it actually to be Shae.  Maybe they can set something up in the early part of the episode that allows Roz or whoever to make sense, but I'm doubtful.
3820	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-20	I don't see why they can't have them both captive, and still have Qhorin tell Jon that he needs to pretend to defect, and do whatever it takes to make it stick. In fact, I would be shocked if they don't include such a moment. I'm not sure how they get there, but I'll be really surprised if they don't. (AKA, what J.S. Crews said) Why do you think he's in league with the Boltons? I just think he's an Ironborn asshole. Nothing he's told Theon to do does anything to advance Bolton interests in any clear way that I can see. I don't know that he'll come back married at dawn. That seems ridiculous. But the features say the Crag is home to the Westerlings? That makes the evidence even stronger that Talisa is actually Jeyne Westerling. Basic reasons why? 1) her back story is deeply sketchy, as both Catelyn and Robb have noticed; 2) she was not eager to go to the Crag with Robb, perhaps because she knew she would be recognized there. But why would Cersei think that Tyrion would care about what happened to either of them? These are the two whores he just admitted to her that he sent to Joffrey to be abused. I think that, given the preparation they've given, the only thing that would make sense is for it actually to be Shae. Maybe they can set something up in the early part of the episode that allows Roz or whoever to make sense, but I'm doubtful.Plus there is a recent photo still of her character released for the next episode by HBO which lists her as Jeyne not Talisa .
3821	J_Crews	2012-05-20	But why would Cersei think that Tyrion would care about what happened to either of them?  These are the two whores he just admitted to her that he sent to Joffrey to be abused.  I think that, given the preparation they've given, the only thing that would make sense is for it actually to be Shae.  Maybe they can set something up in the early part of the episode that allows Roz or whoever to make sense, but I'm doubtful.I suppose it could work in the sense that Tyrion's anger might just be based on him feeling responsible, whether he particularly cares for the one being abused or not.  In the book, it was less that he care for Alayaya (though he definitely admired her for learning to read), and more just that he knew she was being subjected to abuse solely because of her passing relationship to him.
3822	StarkBlack21	2012-05-20	,That scene where Dagmer is introduced is sketchy. I've re-watched it. Look at when Yara is talking to Theon. It's weird, Dagmer hides and waits for Yara to clear -- almost to make sure Yara doesn't see Dagmer. Either that was some bad directing, and they were trying to give Dagmer a cue when to come on scene, and they accidentally did the shot to wide and got Dagmer in the background -- or something shady is going on with Dagmer.
I really hope they don't pull the Tyler Durden with Theon/Dagmer. Because now I've watched all the Dagmer scenes it is really weird no Iron Born interact with him. it almost seems like he is a ghost on screen.
3823	DirtyRobes	2012-05-20	But why would Cersei think that Tyrion would care about what happened to either of them? These are the two whores he just admitted to her that he sent to Joffrey to be abused. I think that, given the preparation they've given, the only thing that would make sense is for it actually to be Shae. Maybe they can set something up in the early part of the episode that allows Roz or whoever to make sense, but I'm doubtful.BookTyrion would be different but the way the show just brushed off the whore abuse I'd have to agree with you that i'd find it hard to believe that ShowTyrion would care about any whore besides Shae.Plus there is a recent photo still of her character released for the next episode by HBO which lists her as Jeyne not Talisa .Can you post a link? Personally never believed she'd be anyone but Jeyne(thank god she's not, imagine if they tried to write a Whole character of Talisa from Volantis Ugh), But I really wish we had gotten more from Robb than wandering battle fields ogling a woman that's Clearly lying to him!!I'd really like for viewers to Not telegraph the RW but Talisa is Not helping!!
3824	DirtyRobes	2012-05-20	,That scene where Dagmer is introduced is sketchy. I've re-watched it. Look at when Yara is talking to Theon. It's weird, Dagmer hides and waits for Yara to clear -- almost to make sure Yara doesn't see Dagmer. Either that was some bad directing, and they were trying to give Dagmer a cue when to come on scene, and they accidentally did the shot to wide and got Dagmer in the background -- or something shady is going on with Dagmer. I really hope they don't pull the Tyler Durden with Theon/Dagmer. Because now I've watched all the Dagmer scenes it is really weird no Iron Born interact with him. it almost seems like he is a ghost on screen.Yes I noticed the lack of interaction too & now someone more observant than I pointed out the ripped Kraken. I Refuse to believe Dagmer=Ramsey(crazy casting if true) but the idea that he is the 'Iron-side' of Theon's personality is kinda interesting, could also set up a later DWD theory about a certain Hooded Man. If this turns out to be true(very skeptical) it could give them an interesting way to keep Alfie Allen around with more than just solitary cell moments or torture.
3825	WetHair	2012-05-20	I'm not remotely convinced Dagmer's Ramsay but the posters that are suggesting he's a Non-Real-Person (as in fake but why use one word when three are almost as good?) are weirding me out.  It no longer seems quite such an outlandish idea as it did the first time I heard it.  Though Dagmer does do some things that would certainly make him seem real, like row Theron to his ship, be one of two men pushing Maester Luwin toward the front of the crowd at Winterfell etc.  he really does have virtually no interaction with anyone other than Theon.  Like Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense.
In any case the hooded man in the storage room is almost certain to be the hooded man in Winterfull after the wedding; at least THAT point is cleared up.
Though, I suupose it could be Meera Reed.
3826	jlk7e	2012-05-20	I think the hooded person in the storage room is just a background extra.
3827	jlk7e	2012-05-20	I suppose it could work in the sense that Tyrion's anger might just be based on him feeling responsible, whether he particularly cares for the one being abused or not. In the book, it was less that he care for Alayaya (though he definitely admired her for learning to read), and more just that he knew she was being subjected to abuse solely because of her passing relationship to him.I guess my issue isn't so much why Tyrion would care, but why Cersei would think Tyrion would care.  I can't imagine why Cersei would think Tyrion would care about a whore that he just sent to be abused by Joffrey, especially since he did not seem especially upset in his discussion of the incident with her.,That scene where Dagmer is introduced is sketchy. I've re-watched it. Look at when Yara is talking to Theon. It's weird, Dagmer hides and waits for Yara to clear -- almost to make sure Yara doesn't see Dagmer. Either that was some bad directing, and they were trying to give Dagmer a cue when to come on scene, and they accidentally did the shot to wide and got Dagmer in the background -- or something shady is going on with Dagmer. I really hope they don't pull the Tyler Durden with Theon/Dagmer. Because now I've watched all the Dagmer scenes it is really weird no Iron Born interact with him. it almost seems like he is a ghost on screen.I think you're reading too much into it.  Other than Black Lorren, who's had two interactions with Theon, and the guard whom Osha killed, all of the Ironborn are extras with no lines.  It's not that weird that none of them is talking to Dagmer - none of them is talking to anybody.  And Luwin pretty clearly responds to Dagmer's presence.
3828	madman2711	2012-05-20	No osha is meera reed sent by howland reed north of the wall to search for the 3 eyed crow / raven and back to save Bran Stark and take him there / sarcasm off
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 20 May 2012 - 01:40 AM.
3829	Hyper	2012-05-20	The Dagmer/Ramsay theory is too stupid for words.
3830	J_Crews	2012-05-20	I guess my issue isn't so much why Tyrion would care, but why Cersei would think Tyrion would care. I can't imagine why Cersei would think Tyrion would care about a whore that he just sent to be abused by Joffrey, especially since he did not seem especially upset in his discussion of the incident with her.Tyrion was with Ros when Cersei sent Jaime to find him when they were all in Winterfell; then Ros, a slattern of no particular financial means, suddenly showed-up in KL just a bit ahead of Tyrion himself.  We know Cersei has spies that work for her (or, at least, Littlefinger claimed so), so she may have gotten whispers that Tyrion is keeping a pet whore and assumed (wrongly) that it was Ros -- just as she assumed (wrongly) that it was Alayaya in the book.He didn't send he to be "abused by Joffrey."  That was all Joffrey.  Tyrion sent her and the other girl to take his virginity, never thinking they'd be abused.  As for him not seeming especially upset I imagine when she's making her plans she'll just assume he was stonewalling.  Only rarely do those two ever drop their guard in front of the other.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 20 May 2012 - 02:23 AM.
3831	salt	2012-05-20	Doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t matter. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s doing everything Ramsay did.  A rose by any other name....He fulfilled one small part of Ramsay's role, that's about it.  Encouraging Theon to kill two kids hardly means he has taken on the Bastard of Bolton character arc.  Also, there are people here literally suggesting that Ramsay is pretending to be Dagmer like he pretended to be Reek, and those people are why commercials that have cars jumping over volcanoes need to have the words "dramatization, do not attempt" at the bottom.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 20 May 2012 - 03:49 AM.
3832	salt	2012-05-20	,That scene where Dagmer is introduced is sketchy. I've re-watched it. Look at when Yara is talking to Theon. It's weird, Dagmer hides and waits for Yara to clear -- almost to make sure Yara doesn't see Dagmer. Either that was some bad directing, and they were trying to give Dagmer a cue when to come on scene, and they accidentally did the shot to wide and got Dagmer in the background -- or something shady is going on with Dagmer.I really hope they don't pull the Tyler Durden with Theon/Dagmer. Because now I've watched all the Dagmer scenes it is really weird no Iron Born interact with him. it almost seems like he is a ghost on screen.Just...just stop.  There are only so many walls for me to bang my head against.Actually I shouldn't blame you if you're just pointing out weird direction, but throwing out this sort of idea on this forum will lead to twenty DAGMER=TYLER DURDEN? threads.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 20 May 2012 - 04:01 AM.
3833	Second sword of Braavos	2012-05-20	Please god dont let Dagmer be Ramsay!
It would make no sence.... Why would Ramsay be in the Iron islands when Roose has already said 'my bastard son at the Dreadfort'.
3834	King Tommen	2012-05-20	Granted that the Dagmer theory is very left field (although far less so for people who would just be following the show as opposed to people who have read the novels and have a hard time wrapping their head around changes).  But can anyone put a plausible scenario about how the final episode will portray the razing of Winterfell with Ramsay Bolton supposedly arriving from the Dreadfort when there is no one cast as Ramsay?
Can you honestly foresee a scene as important as Theon finally realizing he's been betrayed, his men slaughtered and himself captured while Winterfell and its people burn to the ground with an extra in charge who isn't shown or doesn't speak?  How exactly is this scene supposed to transpire? Who is Theon going to interact with in this scene?
Can it least be admitted that Dagmer has been manipulating Theon's actions ever since they met? From anyone's experience watching television, he is clearly being shown to be someone who has their own agenda.  A simple henchman does not dictate this much of the forward momentum in the story.
3835	rmanoj	2012-05-20	Dagmer isn't Ramsay because, you know, he'd have to be a respectable sailor in order to convincingly pass as an ironborn first mate. How would Ramsay know anything about sailing a ship? And why would a random man nobody recognises be taken on as first mate?
Unless he is actually meant to be "Ramsay Pyke", Roose Bolton's bastard whom he fathered during his gap year on the Iron Islands.
Or a faceless man...
3836	House Snow	2012-05-20	How about Roose is just lying about his son being at the dreadford.  If it were true  and Roose didn't want Robb to go back north, he isn't telling him where his son really is.  Also regardless of their actual ages show Roose does look physically to be at least 10-15 years older than show Dagmer.
3837	House Snow	2012-05-20	Has anyone 'studied' the background going on when Theon is first meeting his crew--the stuff about someone sneaking in and out of a 'drinking house?' Going around the corner, coming back, cloaked and then, armored, and with a back pack?   From what the reviewer said, that was the only person in the background, and surely, they didn't set up that whole background scene for nothing.  That seemed to be, in the reviewer's opinion, the basis for Dagmer=Ramsay.  That perhaps in that background scene, Ramsey killed the real Dagmer and took his place, because then he, Ramsay/Dagmer, next appears next to Theon, saying: 'I'm your first mate.'  Anybody studied that background action?  I also went back to see if Dagmer was hidden in either boat scenes or the scenes when Theon first arrives and there is nothing convincing that he is in the background.  There is a hooded guy on the boat when he first looks on Pyke and another shot of Theon looking a boat rowing another hooded guy after talking to that old man before meeting Yara.  That stuff is obviously quite flimsy.
3838	jlk7e	2012-05-20	Granted that the Dagmer theory is very left field (although far less so for people who would just be following the show as opposed to people who have read the novels and have a hard time wrapping their head around changes). But can anyone put a plausible scenario about how the final episode will portray the razing of Winterfell with Ramsay Bolton supposedly arriving from the Dreadfort when there is no one cast as Ramsay? Can you honestly foresee a scene as important as Theon finally realizing he's been betrayed, his men slaughtered and himself captured while Winterfell and its people burn to the ground with an extra in charge who isn't shown or doesn't speak? How exactly is this scene supposed to transpire? Who is Theon going to interact with in this scene? Can it least be admitted that Dagmer has been manipulating Theon's actions ever since they met? From anyone's experience watching television, he is clearly being shown to be someone who has their own agenda. A simple henchman does not dictate this much of the forward momentum in the story.The Ramsay=Dagmer theory is actually much more far afield for people who haven't read the books, because it comes totally out of nowhere and doesn't make any sense.  It only makes sense to a subset of book readers who think that because Dagmer and Ramsay both tell Theon to do evil things, and because Ramsay was posing as somebody else in the books, that Dagmer and Ramsay must be the same person.  This doesn't make any sense to show watchers, for whom Dagmer and Roose Bolton's bastard at the Dreadfort are two separate people, and who will notice that Roose and Dagmer are about the same age.I have no clue how they're going to do the sack of Winterfell, but the featured extra who will play Ramsay can certainly have a couple of lines.  The guy playing Beric last year wasn't announced in the cast, and isn't going to play Beric next season, but had some lines.And I do not admit that Dagmer is being shown to have his own agenda.  He's mentoring Theon in how to be an Iron Islander, just as Qhorin Halfhand mentors Jon in how to be a ranger without having his own agenda.  Dagmer's just an evil mentor.  And even if he does have some kind of agenda, there's no reason to think it has anything to do with the Boltons' agenda.
3839	King Tommen	2012-05-20	If you are casting a character as important as Ramsay Snow, you aren't going to have him played by another actor for a pivotal scene and you especially aren't going to let the actor speak any lines.  That's just way too confusing if you plan on replacing him with your real Ramsay next season.
No one's going to remember Beric Dondarrion because he was in what was an essentially throwaway scene where he appeared for 5 seconds and nodded before leaving not to be heard from for another 2 years.  It hasn't even been confirmed that they're recasting that role so it may be the same guy at the end of the day.  Regardless, there will be very little confusion since not very many people (outside of hardcore book readers) were paying attention to him back in Season 1.
You don't have the same luxury with Ramsay since he's going to be doing something very major in episode 10 that the audience is clearly going to remember him for.  You can't just throw another actor into the role next year and expect that to flow naturally.  If they had something major for him to do this year, then they would have bit the bullet and cast him for the last episode.
3840	Lord Damian	2012-05-20	They seem to have skipped the scene in the book where Tyrion tells Cersei that he now knows Jaime is the father of all three of her kids. The show just seems to have made it a point of fact without that scene. It makes it look as through the Lannisters ALL knew that it was so. The book does not make that distinction.
3841	Lord Damian	2012-05-20	Jeyne Westerling will be the real name of the Nurse. this is why she was so coy about going to the Crag with Robb. This is her home, She will come out saying, yes, my real name is Jeyne Westerling and this is my family and my home Castle. She will say she got her healing skills from her grandmother or something on her mother's side. They are really full speed ahead on this season compared to book 2. WoW.
3842	GoodGuyA	2012-05-20	People seem to think they have to both escape and be off alone for their conversation vis a vis "Is your sword sharp, Jon Snow?" to happen, but there will be plenty of time for them to have a whispered powow to set it all up, whether they escape or not. I feel that your suggestion is too sudden really. Besides, it really doesn't lend credence to the idea of Jon "proving" himself to Qhorin. Qhorin forces him into the situation that way. So if they need to have that conversation, I can't see a situation where they could have it if things move that quickly.
3843	King Tommen	2012-05-20	Asha/Yara's set to show up to Winterfell in tonight's episode which could easily put the Dagmer theories to rest.  If he's an established Iron Islander with a reputation strong enough for him to be given the 1st mate's job on Theon's ship, then Yara would definitely recognize him as she did the rest of Theon's crew when she bid them all off. 
Should be interesting to see how she interacts with him...
3844	_Oberyn_	2012-05-20	Am I missing something, why do people think Ramsey will be in the show next year? As far as I know there is no reason for Ramsey to be in the next two seasons.
3845	turdle	2012-05-20	Tyrion was with Ros when Cersei sent Jaime to find him when they were all in Winterfell;that was not ros, that was a different whore. tyrion doesn't meet ros until theon suggests her to him, and we never actually see tyrion with ros, we only know that he saw her by theon and ros' subsequent conversations.EDIT:you are correct, my mistake.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 20 May 2012 - 10:03 AM.
3846	turdle	2012-05-20	Am I missing something, why do people think Ramsey will be in the show next year? As far as I know there is no reason for Ramsey to be in the next two seasons.i agree. if ramsey isn't going to be seen this season, there's no reason to cast him until he actually does something again in 2 years.
3847	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	That was not Ros, that was a different whore. Tyrion doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t meet Ros until Theon suggests her to him, and we never actually see Tyrion with Ros. We only know that he saw her by Theon and Rosâ<U+0080><U+0099>s subsequent conversations.Yes, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s right. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s one of the (few?) places where the showâ<U+0080><U+0099>s writers actually left something out that they expected viewers to pick up on based on what was said afterwards. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re normally a lot more obvious, because casual viewers cannot be expected to figure anything out for themselves, and those sub-average viewers make up 50% of the total. Rosâ<U+0080><U+0099>s trademarked â<U+0080><U+009C>sexpositionâ<U+0080><U+009D> is one of their little additions to make the show flow smoothly by embellishing boring infodump chatter with (theoretically) appealing nekkidness. From Rosâ<U+0080><U+0099>s words when Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s banging her, we can tell that she obvious met Tyrion, and given Rosâ<U+0080><U+0099>s profession, we can safely infer the context of their intercourse.
3848	protar	2012-05-20	If you are casting a character as important as Ramsay Snow, you aren't going to have him played by another actor for a pivotal scene and you especially aren't going to let the actor speak any lines. That's just way too confusing if you plan on replacing him with your real Ramsay next season. No one's going to remember Beric Dondarrion because he was in what was an essentially throwaway scene where he appeared for 5 seconds and nodded before leaving not to be heard from for another 2 years. It hasn't even been confirmed that they're recasting that role so it may be the same guy at the end of the day. Regardless, there will be very little confusion since not very many people (outside of hardcore book readers) were paying attention to him back in Season 1. You don't have the same luxury with Ramsay since he's going to be doing something very major in episode 10 that the audience is clearly going to remember him for. You can't just throw another actor into the role next year and expect that to flow naturally. If they had something major for him to do this year, then they would have bit the bullet and cast him for the last episode.It won't really matter if we don't see his face. We can just have him keep his red helmet on.
3849	King Tommen	2012-05-20	i agree. if ramsey isn't going to be seen this season, there's no reason to cast him until he actually does something again in 2 years.If Ramsay isn't in next season, then neither is Theon.  What are the odds that D&D are going to bench Alfie Allen for 2 years?
3850	redriver	2012-05-20	Any spoilers around yet?Haven't read the whole thread.
					
					
							Edited by redriver, 20 May 2012 - 09:21 AM.
3851	protar	2012-05-20	i agree. if ramsey isn't going to be seen this season, there's no reason to cast him until he actually does something again in 2 years.It's commonly speculated that Theon will be given a mini-arc in Seasons 3 and 4 due to contracting issues with Alfie Allen.
3852	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	It's commonly speculated that Theon will be given a mini-arc in Seasons 3 and 4 due to contracting issues with Alfie Allen.That seems pretty likely. I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see any way for them to let Ali¬e off for two whole years. But what arc is that? The one from Dance?  Or a purely invented one?I wonder whether Martin has any ideas in that direction.
3853	Pellaeon	2012-05-20	It's commonly speculated that Theon will be given a mini-arc in Seasons 3 and 4 due to contracting issues with Alfie Allen. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  It would be strange when a actor disappear for two years
3854	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	maybe we will see an arc of theon being tortured flayed and eating rats
3855	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	It would be strange for an actor to  disappear for two years.Particularly when they appear as delighted with that actor as they appear to be with Ali¬e Allen.On the other hand, it really does llook like weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going to get a two-year hiatus from seeing Ser Barristan on the screen, considering that there doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to be any room to i¬t Arstan Whitebeard into the second seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s i¬nal episode.I hope and wish I were wrong, but given that Dany isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even going to get herself to the House of the Undying until the tenth episode, I i¬nd it unlikely that she will get to sail off into the sunset (Astapor is west of Qarth) at the end of this second season. They surely will not want to recast Ian McElhinney, but unless we see him darned soon, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll have been gone from the screen for two full years before he reappears. 
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 20 May 2012 - 09:38 AM.
3856	King Tommen	2012-05-20	There is an entire unseen arc that takes place offscreen during the events of SoS with Theon being tortured by Ramsay at the Dreadfort.  It's almost tailor-made for HBO and would give a lot of great material for Alfie Allen to work with.  It would also go a long way toward establishing how awful Ramsay is.
The minute Roose Bolton announced that he'd be sending his bastard to Winterfell started the clock running on when Ramsay would be revealed (hint: it's not in 2 years).
3857	House Snow	2012-05-20	that was not ros, that was a different whore. tyrion doesn't meet ros until theon suggests her to him, and we never actually see tyrion with ros, we only know that he saw her by theon and ros' subsequent conversations.What?! Tyrion first scene in the TV series was with Ros. I just checked on HBO go.
3858	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-20	If they have to give Alfie Allen (a great actor IMHO) screen time over the next 2 seasons then perhaps they'll squeeze in the Lady Hornwood story with Ramsay to give him something else to do other than flay Reek (Theon)?
3859	jlk7e	2012-05-20	that was not ros, that was a different whore. tyrion doesn't meet ros until theon suggests her to him, and we never actually see tyrion with ros, we only know that he saw her by theon and ros' subsequent conversations.It was absolutely Esme Bianco as Ros with Tyrion in the pilot.  She's listed in the credits for the episode on IMDB.
3860	turdle	2012-05-20	What?! Tyrion first scene in the TV series was with Ros. I just checked on HBO go.i stand corrected. just double checked, you are right. but now the scene with tyrion/theon seems odd.and that still doesn't make it make any sense that cersei would know about her. did jaime describe the whore who happened to be with tyrion to her in detail for no apparent reason before he (jaime) got captured by robb?
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 20 May 2012 - 10:00 AM.
3861	boojam	2012-05-20	There is an entire unseen arc that takes place offscreen during the events of SoS with Theon being tortured by Ramsay at the Dreadfort.  It's almost tailor-made for HBO and would give a lot of great material for Alfie Allen to work with.  It would also go a long way toward establishing how awful Ramsay is.The minute Roose Bolton announced that he'd be sending his bastard to Winterfell started the clock running on when Ramsay would be revealed (hint: it's not in 2 years).That would be a way to get at least one Greyjoy into season 3.As things stand , if Swords is the source, they would be no Greyjoy's for S3 or S4! Yara/Asha would be gone all next season too ... I think Greyjoy stuff from Feash and Dance are going to be advanced.
3862	jlk7e	2012-05-20	I don't see how an "arc" where a character is tortured for two seasons is one that's tailor made for HBO, or, really, anyone.  If they want Theon in Season 3, they'll have to come up with something more compelling than just showing him get tortured into a shell of his former self.  I can't think of anything less pleasant to watch.
And I think a helmeted Ramsay with a few lines like "Burn it down, kill everyone but Greyjoy" would be totally adequate for his purposes this season.
3863	jlk7e	2012-05-20	That would be a way to get at least one Greyjoy into season 3. As things stand , if Swords is the source, they would be no Greyjoy's for S3 or S4! Yara/Asha would be gone all next season too ... I think Greyjoy stuff from Feash and Dance are going to be advanced.I think we'll definitely see Balon's death next season and that the Kingsmoot will be in Season 4.  (I think substantial pieces of Feast and maybe Dance will have to be moved to Season 4, because Season 3 will have to contain well more than half of Storm if it's going to have anything happen in it.)
					
					
							Edited by jlk7e, 20 May 2012 - 10:02 AM.
3864	DragonAge93	2012-05-20	Where is addsend with some spot-on episode spoilers???
3865	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	There is an entire unseen arc that takes place offscreen during the events of Storm with Theon being tortured by Ramsay at the Dreadfort. It's almost tailor-made for HBO and would give a lot of great material for Alfie Allen to work with. It would also go a long way toward establishing how awful Ramsay is. The minute Roose Bolton announced that he'd be sending his bastard to Winterfell started the clock running on when Ramsay would be revealed (hint: it's not in 2 years).Another appealing point has got to be that doing so shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make an incredible on their special effects budget. Just a wretchA¨d Theon screaming in seemingly mortal agony as he begs his torturers to  take off his various bits that are left rotting where  bits of him were i¬<U+0082>ayed off.â<U+0080><U+009C>Waiter, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take two tasty Filets of Theon, please, one bloody rare and the other crispily well-done.â<U+0080><U+009D> They can make that super-disgusting without shooting any of their wad, the way theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll have to do with Drogonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stuff in Dance: not only broiling but actually chowing-down on the warrior-wench Barsena Blackhair in the Meereenese gladiator pit,  then his i¬<U+0082>ames ravaging the Meereen spectators,  and  Dany  i¬nally i¬<U+0082>ying off with him â<U+0080><U+0094> all in one bang-up scene. That one, should we actually be so lucky as to behold it,  is going to be damned expensive. Maybe not as expensive as the Battle of the Blackwater this season. (You can really tell how thriftily theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been hoarding their special-effects budget this season.) But itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be much harder to pull off the Meereen i¬<U+0082>ame-fest and i¬<U+0082>ight in a convincing fashion. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll really be â<U+0080><U+009C>Peter-Jacksonâ<U+0080><U+009D> levels of hard! I sure hope they i¬nd not just the MEGABUCK$, but also the skill to truly do it artfully. Fortunately, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s almost inconceivably distant at this stage, giving them lots of time to plan.  Plus, alas, just to be realistic here, it could easily be cancelled long before then.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 20 May 2012 - 10:06 AM.
3866	protar	2012-05-20	I don't see how an "arc" where a character is tortured for two seasons is one that's tailor made for HBO, or, really, anyone. If they want Theon in Season 3, they'll have to come up with something more compelling than just showing him get tortured into a shell of his former self. I can't think of anything less pleasant to watch. And I think a helmeted Ramsay with a few lines like "Burn it down, kill everyone but Greyjoy" would be totally adequate for his purposes this season.It doesn't have to be anything big. We just 4 or 5 scenes.Theon arriving at the DreadfortCouple of torture scenesIntroduction to some approximation of KyraHis attempted escape with Kyra.Then in S4 we don't see him till Episode 10 where we get his first ADWD chapter as a plothook.
3867	King Tommen	2012-05-20	I don't see how an "arc" where a character is tortured for two seasons is one that's tailor made for HBO, or, really, anyone. If they want Theon in Season 3, they'll have to come up with something more compelling than just showing him get tortured into a shell of his former self. I can't think of anything less pleasant to watch. And I think a helmeted Ramsay with a few lines like "Burn it down, kill everyone but Greyjoy" would be totally adequate for his purposes this season.They can obviously juice up the storyline just like the are doing with Robb and Jeyne this year.  There's nothing explicitly stated in the books so they have the ability to do a number of things with Theon's story with Ramsay.And an unseen extra giving those commands seems ridiculous.  If you're introducing Ramsay, he's getting a big entrance (or reveal).  Someone needs to explain to Theon just how screwed he is.  Alfie Allen has already stated in a recent interview that he just got to watch a pivotal scene in the final episode that came off extremely well and specifically mentioned that Ralph Ineson was the one doing the scene with him.  So take from that whatever you like...http://www.youtube.c...h?v=5HKlKK2FlFo (go to 4:30)
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 20 May 2012 - 10:16 AM.
3868	moonsblood	2012-05-20	I just hope the theon/reek torture scenes are a little more horrifying than the ol' bucket o'rats
3869	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-20	Particularly when they appear as delighted with that actor as they appear to be with Ali¬e Allen.On the other hand, it really does llook like weÂ<U+0092>re going to get a two-year hiatus from seeing Ser Barristan on the screen, considering that there doesnÂ<U+0092>t seem to be any room to i¬t Arstan Whitebeard into the second seasonÂ<U+0092>s i¬nal episode.I hope and wish I were wrong, but given that Dany isnÂ<U+0092>t even going to get herself to the House of the Undying until the tenth episode, I i¬nd it unlikely that she will get to sail off into the sunset (Astapor is west of Qarth) at the end of this second season. They surely will not want to recast Ian McElhinney, but unless we see him darned soon, heÂ<U+0092>ll have been gone from the screen for two full years before he reappears. My guess is that we'll be seeing Dany leave Qarth at the end of this season, as it doesn't really make sense for them to have the sets/locations for Qarth carry over into another season for just one episode. It'll probably work like this: Dany goes to HotU and Drogon gets all pyro on the asses of the Warlocks, we get a short escape sequence at the docks where Barristan saves their ass, and in keeping with the idea that we'll see the dragons developing in increments, her arc ends with the dragons flying above their departing ship. Makes more sense than strictly ending it on the HotU.
3870	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Dagmer (whose name rearranged spells â<U+0080><U+009C>Mr Agedâ<U+0080><U+009D> : ), can certainly be the one to sack Winterfell in this seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s final episode.  Indeed, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the only one with the acting chops to do so. They arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to spring a â<U+0080><U+009C>who the fuck are you?â<U+0080><U+009D> nameless guy on us at that late date.  That doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even require that he be Ramsay.  But it would help.
3871	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	I for one hope they DONT show torture scened of Theon, or if so, they are very muted.  This isnt the SAW franchise of torture porn. yes theon's torture is critical to the story, but we dont have to live through a detailed description of it.  If shown it should be more like the Smeagol/gollum torture shown in LotR
3872	Crown	2012-05-20	Where is addsend with some spot-on episode spoilers???Indeed, I want him to tell us that Dagmer = Ramsay isn't or is going to happen.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 20 May 2012 - 10:43 AM.
3873	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	My guess is that we'll be seeing Dany leave Qarth at the end of this season, as it doesn't really make sense for them to have the sets/locations for Qarth carry over into another season for just one episode. It'll probably work like this: Dany goes to House of the Undying and Drogon gets all pyro on the asses of the Warlocks, we get a short escape sequence at the docks where Barristan saves their ass, and in keeping with the idea that we'll see the dragons developing in increments, her arc ends with the dragons flying above their departing ship. Makes more sense than strictly ending it on the House of the Undying.Two stress-resolutions in the same episode?  Hm... Do you think the shock of Squire Whitebeard squisticating the manticore at the docks might be overdoing it after the big flame-fest at the House of the Undying?  Me, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d sure like to see it work out that way.  But we havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seen anything that suggests that Ian Má¶<U+009C>Elhinney will actually be in the playlist for that episode, have we?
3874	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	Tyrion was with Ros when Cersei sent Jaime to find him when they were all in Winterfell; then Ros, a slattern of no particular financial means, suddenly showed-up in KL just a bit ahead of Tyrion himself. We know Cersei has spies that work for her (or, at least, Littlefinger claimed so), so she may have gotten whispers that Tyrion is keeping a pet whore and assumed (wrongly) that it was Ros -- just as she assumed (wrongly) that it was Alayaya in the book. He didn't send he to be "abused by Joffrey." That was all Joffrey. Tyrion sent her and the other girl to take his virginity, never thinking they'd be abused. As for him not seeming especially upset I imagine when she's making her plans she'll just assume he was stonewalling. Only rarely do those two ever drop their guard in front of the other.ummm just ahead of Tyrion?  Tyrion went to the wall, back to winterfell, to the crossroads, captured by Cat, to the aerie, to the skycells, to the hillpeople, to Tywins camp to battle to recovery THEN onto KL.  Ros was pimped by LF.  So I dont see any connection between some random whore Tyrion hooked up with at Winterfell with a whore in LFs brothel a year or so later.
3875	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Indeed, I want him to tell us that Dagmer = Ramsay isn't or is going to happen.Whyever would you want to know now instead of waiting for it to show up on the show? That seems really weird to me. Bizarre how worked up people get over this stuff.One thing I guarantee no matter what happens is that all the lame-ass belly-aching about gratuitous â<U+0080><U+009C>changesâ<U+0080><U+009D> from the Divine Gospel of St. George in the Holy Book of Westerosâ<U+0084>c will reach so strident a pitch that youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d think they slew the Infant Baby JezizÂ® in the manger.
3876	Crown	2012-05-20	ummm just ahead of Tyrion? Tyrion went to the wall, back to winterfell, to the crossroads, captured by Cat, to the aerie, to the skycells, to the hillpeople, to Tywins camp to battle to recovery THEN onto KL. Ros was pimped by LF. So I dont see any connection between some random whore Tyrion hooked up with at Winterfell with a whore in LFs brothel a year or so later.Ros came to King's Landing later in season 1.Whyever would you want to know now instead of waiting for it to show up on the show? That seems really weird to me. Bizarre how worked up people get over this stuff. One thing I guarantee no matter what happens is that all the lame-ass belly-aching about gratuitous â<U+0080><U+009C>changesâ<U+0080><U+009D> from the Divine Gospel of St. George in the Holy Book of Westerosâ<U+0084>c will reach so strident a pitch that youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d think they slew the Infant Baby JezizÂ® in the manger.I don't know what's wrong with me, usually I don't want to be spoiled at all.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 20 May 2012 - 10:52 AM.
3877	House Snow	2012-05-20	That would be a way to get at least one Greyjoy into season 3. As things stand , if Swords is the source, they would be no Greyjoy's for S3 or S4! Yara/Asha would be gone all next season too ... I think Greyjoy stuff from Feash and Dance are going to be advanced.I agree plus it will be a simplified way of starting to rearrange some of the stuff from Feast and Dance so that the stroy flows better.  I bet we will see a deepwood Motte scene somewhere in there too.
3878	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	Ros came to King's Landing later in season 1. I don't know what's wrong with me, usually I don't want to be spoiled at all.yeah but I think it is a VERY tenous link with tyrion, how would cersei even know and Tyrion has not interacted with her since
3879	King Tommen	2012-05-20	Indeed, I want him to tell us that Dagmer = Ramsay isn't or is going to happen.While we aren't going to know how Theon's Winterfell story concludes until the final episode this season, the interaction that Yara has with Dagmer tonight will either completely dispell the Dagmer theory or add more fuel to the fire.If she recognizes him, then he's simply an Iron Islander (as she appears to have know and been familiar with the rest of Theon's crew at Pyke).  Otherwise...he's more than he appears.
3880	Dolorous Nick	2012-05-20	I for one hope they DONT show torture scened of Theon, or if so, they are very muted. This isnt the SAW franchise of torture porn. yes theon's torture is critical to the story, but we dont have to live through a detailed description of it. If shown it should be more like the Smeagol/gollum torture shown in LotRI think, especially for viewers who haven't read the books, the show is going to have to show a few graphic torture scenes in order to induce sympathy for Theon, especially after the final scene in last weeks episode.  Not to mention the fact that TV Ramsay is going to have some big shoes to fill in the villain department considering how vile and disturbing they have portrayed TV Joffrey...a few flaying scenes could accomplish a lot toward that end.  Most non-book fans of the show that I have spoken to have clumped Theon in with Joffrey on their "I can't wait until they kill off that son-of-a-bitch" list, so Theon has a large hole to climb out of before he gets any viewer sympathy.  However, I'm definitely with you in hoping that they don't enter the SAW/Hostel realm of torture porn and I actually found the mental/emotional aspect of Theon's torture every bit as horrible as the physical.
3881	GoodGuyA	2012-05-20	I don't think Dagmer has to actually be Ramsay to fill out the role of a betrayer. When Ramsay comes and things start to seem hopeless, he'll attack Theon and book it. Seems like a simple way to have the character be useful, menacing, and get him out of the picture. Mention him later during Theon's story in Season 3 (since they need to have Alfie Allen do stuff) and that'll be the end of it. They can spend the time then developing the actual Ramsay.
3882	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-20	I love the dagmer/ramsey speculation. It'd be such a huge rewrite. I just wanted to add that the actor would be an awesome ramsey. That's based on his role in The Office UK. I can't get his slimey performance in there out of my head. Finchy is the most gigantic douche ever with a general disregard for any other human life form but himself. Way worse than Todd Packer (the US version). I don't care about the age issue, a douche is a douche.
3883	House Snow	2012-05-20	Haha, never seen the UK office but I have to admit I kind of want him to be Ramsey too- like him better than a lot of the names I have seen mentioned for the part.
3884	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	I love the dagmer/ramsey speculation. It'd be such a huge rewrite.Yep, but all for the better.  As far as Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m concerned, the more they change/rewrite, the better I like it.  After all, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve already read the books. I want to be surprised.  That means they have to change things to make me optimally pleased with the show. Plus they have a chance to fix the things that Martin screwed up this way.
3885	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	I don't know what's wrong with me, usually I don't want to be spoiled at all.I actually enjoy being 'spoiled.'  Its sort of like, if I'm going to take a trip to England (I live in the U.S.) I want to first read up on the Tower of London and get some history about Becket being murdered in Canterbury Cathedral--and what's Stonehenge about, etc etc etc.  I want to see pictures of all of it, talk to folks who've been there, just immerse myself in the whole atmosphere, before even getting on the plane to go there.
3886	Crown	2012-05-20	Yep, but all for the better. As far as Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m concerned, the more they change/rewrite, the better I like it. After all, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve already read the books. I want to be surprised. That means they have to change things to make me optimally pleased with the show. Plus they have a chance to fix the things that Martin screwed up this way.Such as?
3887	House Snow	2012-05-20	Such as?Well I like that they have fleshed out characters more.  I wasn't a big fan of the characters that were pure bad guys like Visery, early Theon, Cersei.  In fact I kind of wish they were showing something redeeming/ not crazy about Joffrey.
3888	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Such as?Oh gosh, a million things!Consider just the little  bit at Baelor of Ned tipping off Yoren to nab Arya;  Martin has said he wishes heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d thought of that. Or ageing up the characters.  Martin has also said that he wishes heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d done that himself all along.They also intentionally took out a couple of the things that Martin has said had made people hate Catelyn and Sansa over the years, so that that same hate didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t happen in the show.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 20 May 2012 - 11:27 AM.
3889	victim	2012-05-20	I think it's perfectly reasonable to assume that Theon can have some sort of Season 3 arc, perhaps to the same extent that Jaime has had so far in Season 2 -- i.e. not much to start, a scene here and there, with a few mentions from notable characters and so on before a mini-arc of torture and attempted escape at some point towards the end of the season. The thing is, I think if they really thought Ramsay would show up in season 3 they'd have placed the Reek storyline in Season 2 untouched. Correct me if I'm wrong but I recall the reason for not casting the Reeds and Ramsay had something to do with the fact that they would have nothing to do over the next seasons, a Theon arc in Season 3 would give the actor who plays Ramsay just as much screentime as Alfie Allen. 
No Theon for a few seasons might be for the best either way. I remember the first time I read ADwD and I said to myself, "Who is this charming Reek fellow, I thought he died, and why is he eating a rat?" Which followed with an eventual "Oh fuck, Theon?" It was a great moment in the books because it had been such a long time without him.
Edit: If Ramsay (or a featured extra playing him) appears in this season, I would bank on him never leaving Winterfell. Occupying it from the get-go would save them from having to recreate a Winterfell set further down the line.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 20 May 2012 - 11:30 AM.
3890	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Edit: If Ramsay (or a featured extra playing him) appears in this season, I would bank on him never leaving Winterfell. Occupying it from the get-go would save them from having to recreate a Winterfell set further down the line.Oh, you mean keep Ramsey and Theon in Winterfell all the time?I wonder how that would that work with the sack/burning, and with Brani1 Rick climbing on up out of the crypt to find the moribund Luwin in the godswood.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 20 May 2012 - 11:36 AM.
3891	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	I don't think the rest of the seasons can even be thought of as book by book. GOT was the only one they could do this on since it was first. While books can skip characters, tv can't. There's no way Theon's is going to disappear for 2 seasons just like Jon, Dany, Arya, Sansa, Bran, Tyrion, Jaime and Cersei aren't going to disappear later on.
GRRM wrote his books JRRT style. And I think that makes for a better reading experience. But tv is really different - you can't do things that make viewers to scratch their heads and go back and view previous episodes. They'll just move on to the next thing instead. 
But it's going to get exponentially harder for HBO to produce each subsequent season. There are only so many plot lines/character arcs that viewers can follow. I think they are going to have make some really tough consolidation choices that will make book purists insane. But these changes do keep me watching - I'm almost as curious what detail or timing nuance is going to change as I am looking for the book scenes come to life.
Just my 2-cents, sorry for being a bit off topic!
3892	protar	2012-05-20	Oh gosh, a million things! Consider just the little bit at Baelor of Ned tipping off Yoren to nab Arya; Martin has said he wishes heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d thought of that.  Or ageing up the characters. Martin has also said that he wishes heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d done that himself all along. They also intentionally took out a couple of the things that Martin has said had made people hate Catelyn and Sansa over the years, so that that same hate didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t happen in the show.That's three things.
3893	jlk7e	2012-05-20	Of course TV characters can disappear for a season and then come back later.  That happens all the time in television shows. The problem is when you have an actor you know you need to have come back in a particular season.  That can be tricky - what if the actor gets other work in the meanwhile?
3894	Crown	2012-05-20	Well I like that they have fleshed out characters more. I wasn't a big fan of the characters that were pure bad guys like Visery, early Theon, Cersei. In fact I kind of wish they were showing something redeeming/ not crazy about Joffrey. Oh gosh, a million things! Consider just the little bit at Baelor of Ned tipping off Yoren to nab Arya; Martin has said he wishes heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d thought of that.  Or ageing up the characters. Martin has also said that he wishes heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d done that himself all along. They also intentionally took out a couple of the things that Martin has said had made people hate Catelyn and Sansa over the years, so that that same hate didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t happen in the show.Fair enough.
3895	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	That's three things.Bah! You arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to be convinced if you think the books are Golden Tablets of Perfection handed down from the Lord God Almighty, and that every deviation from that Holy Scripture is a blasphemy deserving of being burnt at the stake â<U+0080><U+0094> slowly.There are too many too list.  Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just one more, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be done with you: Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s letter that he burned up. It was a beautifully executed thing.  There are many, many, many more lovelinesses like that, ones anybody who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t autohate blasphemy will quickly think of.
3896	Warden of the North121	2012-05-20	Bah! You arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to be convinced if you think the books are Golden Tablets of Perfection handed down from the Lord God Almighty, and that every deviation from that Holy Scripture is a blasphemy deserving of being burnt at the stake â<U+0080><U+0094> slowly.There are too many too list.  Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just one more, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be done with you: Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s letter that he burned up. It was a beautifully executed thing.  There are many, many, many more lovelinesses like that, ones anybody who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t autohate blasphemy will quickly think of.Add that bit between Cersei and Tyrion in the last episode to the list. It really portrays their relationship well. They're family and should be there for each other but Tyrion just can't bring himself to comfort someone that hates his guts.
3897	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Add that bit between Cersei and Tyrion in the last episode to the list. It really portrays their relationship well. They're family and should be there for each other but Tyrion just can't bring himself to comfort someone that hates his guts.Plus all the wonderful golden droplets of wit and snark generously sprinkled throughout:Jaime:  Ned's bastard, what's his name again?Cat:  Brienne..Jaime:  No, that's not it.../tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3898	King Tommen	2012-05-20	Add that bit between Cersei and Tyrion in the last episode to the list. It really portrays their relationship well. They're family and should be there for each other but Tyrion just can't bring himself to comfort someone that hates his guts.Appointing Bronn Janos Slynt's replacement as Commander of the City Watch makes an awful lot of sense given Tyrion's strategy of surrounding himself with his own people in King's Landing.  I would imagine that Martin would approve of that change.
3899	Warden of the North121	2012-05-20	Plus all the wonderful golden droplets of wit and snark generously sprinkled throughout: Jaime: Ned's bastard, what's his name again? Cat: Brienne.. Jaime: No, that's not it... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />That was pure gold. Definitely something Jaime would say /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3900	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Plus all the wonderful golden droplets of wit and snark generously sprinkled throughout:Jaime: Ned's bastard, what's his name again?Cat: Brienne..Jaime: No, that's not it.../tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> TYRION: You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That, and your cheekbones.
3901	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	TYRION: You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That, and your cheekbones. Bronn:  Stay low.Tyrion:  Stay low?
3902	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	TYRION: You should taste her fish pie.SHAE: I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think Lord Varys likes fish pie.VARYS: How can you tell?SHAE: I can always tell.  TYRION: Men like Lord Varys and I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let our disadvantages get the best of us. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll make a fisherman of him yet.
3903	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	TYRION: Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve perfected the art of tearing up paper.
3904	Colah02	2012-05-20	Plus all the wonderful golden droplets of wit and snark generously sprinkled throughout: Jaime: Ned's bastard, what's his name again? Cat: Brienne.. Jaime: No, that's not it... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />That was in the books:"What was the name of that bastard he fathered?"Catelyn took a step backwards. "Brienne.""No, that wasn't it."
3905	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	CERSEI: Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all fallen on me.TYRION: So has Jamie, repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.
3906	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-05-20	Yeah I don't understand why people are worried she isn't going to be Jeyne Westerling. The scene in the last episode was pretty much the nail-in-the-coffin for her being Jeyne, it you didn't think it already.
She mentioned the Crag. They wouldn't pick her of all people to mention this place if it didn't mean something.
She seemed very reluctant to go there. Why? Because someone would recognize her and expose her as being Jeyne. She's a highborn, even random people would probably give her some sign of recognition, (bowing to her or addressing her a m'lady) but the maester hands down would acknowledge her.
And the whole fact she is a freaking nurse. in the books she "nursed Robb back to health" if I remember right. I think the show just decided to play off that and literally make her a nurse.
And I apologize if all these points have already been stated a dozen times.
3907	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	We havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seen the Widow Loras or his sister Margie for while.  I wonder whether theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be back this season, or not till next one?
3908	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-20	We havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seen the Widow Loras or his sister Margie for while. I wonder whether theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be back this season, or not till next one?I believe Loras will probably be around the end of the 9th episode and I guess his sister in the 10th. I see Loras be the one who will wear Renly's armor in the end of the fight.
3909	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	I believe Loras will probably be around the end of the 9th episode and I guess his sister in the 10th. I see Loras be the one who will wear Renly's armor in the end of the fight.Good call! I wonder whether it will be done in a way that makes even the audience think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Renly? That would be cool.
3910	It is known.	2012-05-20	Good call!  I wonder whether it will be done in a way that makes even the audience think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Renly? That would be cool.Only problem with them including Renly's ghost is that he was never really shown wearing any particularly memorable armour /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I can't even remember if he wore the antlered helm at any point...  If they'd made his armour green like in the books then casual viewers might have been more likely to recognise it as him.
3911	Crown	2012-05-20	We havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seen the Widow Loras or his sister Margie for while. I wonder whether theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be back this season, or not till next one?I think Loras will appear in the Battle for Blackwater (wearing Renly's armor), and Margaery appears after the battle in King's Landing (announcing her engaged with Joffrey). Good way to end the King's Landing (Sansa, Joffrey, Margaery) arc for the season, and set up the events for the next season.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 20 May 2012 - 01:30 PM.
3912	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-20	I think Loras will appear in the Battle for Blackwater wearing Renly's armor, and Margaery appears after the battle in King's Landing.She should, considering that they have to make clear that Margaery will marry Joffrey instead of Sansa. Maybe in the tenth episode.
3913	Dio Forel	2012-05-20	Perhaps one of the worst is an exaggeration, but yes I think it's done pretty badly as an adaptation. As a standalone show it's some of the best TV out there, but Season 2 at least is fairly unfaithful to the show, especially in these last few episodes. It's just that it most adaptations I've seen mostly are just constrained to cutting things out or compressing them, which is irksome but necessary with time and budgetary constraints. I could probably think of an example but off the top of my head I can't think of any other adaptation which outright adds so much material. That's my main gripe.As for more faithful examples. Well what about Lotr, or Harry Potter, or Twilight? (even though I hate Twilight.)We didn't have Snape beating Proffesor Slughorn to death did we? Or we didn't have Haldir stealing the one ring in order to become King of the elves and open Lothlorien to the world did we? Now before you go all mad, please note that they're exaggerated arguments but they get my point across. Most adaptations I have seen simply compress or cut. GOT is outright adding stuff. So no I don't think it's being very faithful. It was but no more, and I can only hope that Martin has some strong words with D+D so they get their act together for S3. Ohhh no you didnt go there lol.  You are gonna compare this to LOTR or Harry Potter claiming they were more loyal to the books than AGOT??  Hmmm... This is gonna be a long post since I actually made this point on another post lol.LOTR:1) They completely changed around the order of the battles.2) Saruman was only stripped of his power and later became, in essence, a gang leader to be defeated in the books by hobbits at the end.  Unlike the movie where he dies falling off the tower.3) How about the random addition of an army of elves to the Two Towers battle at the end of the movie?  Never happened in the book.4) Frodo gets sick and leaves years later in the book, not upon arrival to the Shire at the end.5) Gollum attacking Sam & Frodo,  they actually were chillin waiting for him in the books.6) Treebeard scaring Pippin & Merry in some crazy escape scene.  Didnt happen they were just fine walking thru the forest and saw the Ent and talked to him casually.7) Haldir dying in the battle at the end of Two Towers.  In the book we dont see him after they leave the forest.8) The whole scene with Frodo meeting the Ringwraith and it trying to steal the ring while Faramir and Co. save him.  NEVER happened.9) Faramir never kept Frodo to bring him back with the ring to Gondor.  He let them do as they please with his full permission.10) The whole thing with Arwen looking in the water seeing all these visions of the battle and the future, never happened.Harry Potter:1) Hmmm.... How about leaving out the entire battle of Half Blood Prince?2) How about leaving out that during the escape attempt with the clone Harrys, Snape fired a curse that in essence actually saved Harry?3) Burning down the Burrow with LeStrange & Co... never happened.4) Harry just hiding under the tower as Snape secretly sneaks up to "save" Dumbledore.. he was invisible and immobilized in the books. Totally different for so many reasons.  5) Lets just totally leave out Bill becoming a werewolf after being bitten.6) Barely any mention whatsoever of Voldemorts backstory which is a huge part of the books and how Dumbledore even knows where to go.7) Little evil elf had his whole story changed about how he saved Regulus Black.8) The whole dragon battle scene was different in the Goblet Of Fire.9) Ummmmm the whole ending battle with Bellatrix and Voldemort and how in the books it was epic where they split off into battle teams, didnt happen in the movie shockingly.10) Totally changing the Hall Of Prophecies battle and how Sirius died in the battle.Theres so many deviations from both and changes to love plots and other minor things that would take hours and hours to list.  So I think you are being a little bit extreme here acting like this adaptation is so far off the books.  They totally changed the story of The Avengers... X-Men... and how many other movies significantly... I dont get why people treat this show like its that different than the books.  Theres minor changes and some others more extreme to give substance to otherwise lacking plot points.  Please tell me who wants to watch on-screen the horror that is Dany's storyline (or lack of a storyline)?  We, as readers, have spent how many books asking ourselves "So when is Dany gonna f**n go home damn it!!!!!!!".  So please lets not complain about things that give some added on-screen quality.  And again.... whats so bad about making it so even book readers can go into an episode not knowing exactly whats gonna happen?  We have about 3 years until the next book comes out... so it is pretty nice being able to go into each week seeing some things I dont expect from a world that I have become so attached to.
3914	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Ohhh no you didnt go there lol. You are gonna compare this to LOTR or Harry Potter claiming they were more loyal to the books than AGOT?? Hmmm... This is gonna be a long post since I actually made this point on another post lol. LOTR: 1) They completely changed around the order of the battles. 2) Saruman was only stripped of his power and later became, in essence, a gang leader to be defeated in the books by hobbits at the end. Unlike the movie where he dies falling off the tower. 3) How about the random addition of an army of elves to the Two Towers battle at the end of the movie? Never happened in the book. 4) Frodo gets sick and leaves years later in the book, not upon arrival to the Shire at the end. 5) Gollum attacking Sam & Frodo, they actually were chillin waiting for him in the books. 6) Treebeard scaring Pippin & Merry in some crazy escape scene. Didnt happen they were just fine walking thru the forest and saw the Ent and talked to him casually. 7) Haldir dying in the battle at the end of Two Towers. In the book we dont see him after they leave the forest. 8) The whole scene with Frodo meeting the Ringwraith and it trying to steal the ring while Faramir and Co. save him. NEVER happened. 9) Faramir never kept Frodo to bring him back with the ring to Gondor. He let them do as they please with his full permission. 10) The whole thing with Arwen looking in the water seeing all these visions of the battle and the future, never happened. Harry Potter: 1) Hmmm.... How about leaving out the entire battle of Half Blood Prince? 2) How about leaving out that during the escape attempt with the clone Harrys, Snape fired a curse that in essence actually saved Harry? 3) Burning down the Burrow with LeStrange & Co... never happened. 4) Harry just hiding under the tower as Snape secretly sneaks up to "save" Dumbledore.. he was invisible and immobilized in the books. Totally different for so many reasons. 5) Lets just totally leave out Bill becoming a werewolf after being bitten. 6) Barely any mention whatsoever of Voldemorts backstory which is a huge part of the books and how Dumbledore even knows where to go. 7) Little evil elf had his whole story changed about how he saved Regulus Black. 8) The whole dragon battle scene was different in the Goblet Of Fire. 9) Ummmmm the whole ending battle with Bellatrix and Voldemort and how in the books it was epic where they split off into battle teams, didnt happen in the movie shockingly. 10) Totally changing the Hall Of Prophecies battle and how Sirius died in the battle. Theres so many deviations from both and changes to love plots and other minor things that would take hours and hours to list. So I think you are being a little bit extreme here acting like this adaptation is so far off the books. They totally changed the story of The Avengers... X-Men... and how many other movies significantly... I dont get why people treat this show like its that different than the books. Theres minor changes and some others more extreme to give substance to otherwise lacking plot points. Please tell me who wants to watch on-screen the horror that is Dany's storyline (or lack of a storyline)? We, as readers, have spent how many books asking ourselves "So when is Dany gonna f**n go home damn it!!!!!!!". So please lets not complain about things that give some added on-screen quality. And again.... whats so bad about making it so even book readers can go into an episode not knowing exactly whats gonna happen? We have about 3 years until the next book comes out... so it is pretty nice being able to go into each week seeing some things I dont expect from a world that I have become so attached to.This entire discussion moved over to the General section, 'Nitpick without Repercussions' thread, per instructions by Ran.
3915	Dio Forel	2012-05-20	Fine, if you weren't satisfied with those examples lets go to the show itself shall we? Lets take Jon's story. What was the purpose of Jon tying up Ygritte and then getting captured by the widlings? They could easily have filmed it as it happened in the books, so it would go like: E5: Jon chosen by Qhorin. E6: Meets Ygritte and lets her go E7: Jon has his wolf dream (sans the eagle.). Then him and the others are pursued by rangers and a couple go back to hold the pass. E8: Qhorin sends a ranger back to the fist to bring word to the fist of what Jon saw in his wolf dream. E9: Jon doesn't appear. E10: Jon and Qhorin are alone. We get the whole false oathbreaking thing. Perfectly manageable, exciting TV, no reason whatsoever not to do it like that. But instead of an exciting chase through the wilderness and a budding mentor relationship between Jon and Qhorin that remains faithful to the books, we get about 10 minutes of Ygritte talking about boners. Can you honestly tell me that that was an improvement, or justify such a change? And that's just one possible example of many.This is a TV series that has a large demographic to accommodate.  Yes, as readers it would be nice if it played out like the books were actually an exact script to the adaptation.  But the fact is they have to have elements of comedy, drama, and some sexual content as well to be able to reach as many viewers as needed to keep this show alive.  We need more than just the amount of people who read the books watching the show... If we only met the needs of us as readers there wouldnt be enough to make this show last.  I more dislike the absolute absence of certain parts vs the changes.  I agree the non-existence of the Eagle and Ghost and the whole concept of warging isnt necessary to cut to make this show work.  We need more of that, and more flashbacks for some basic backing elements at least. We can leave out some of the boner talk to make time for other happenings that are sorely missed.
3916	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	So, when do we lose dear Maester Luwin?  Will that be tonight?
3917	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Martin wrote Blackwater, so I believe the chain will be involved, there only must make a short statemant next episode, or even in the 9th episode right before the battle, like: Tyrion: I have a little surprise for Stannis, behold my chain!One thing is for damned sure: no matter how it turns out, nobody but nobody gets to bellyache incessantly about S2E09 introducing non-auctorial changes (not that thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s anything wrong with that!) â<U+0080><U+0094> which will be the most welcome change of all!
3918	Dio Forel	2012-05-20	So, when do we lose dear Maester Luwin? Will that be tonight?After the torment we saw on his face to end the last episode that would be some great drama to then see him killed in this episode.  It would really drive home the absolute deterioration of the North thanks to the new "Prince of Winterfell".
3919	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	[font=georgia,serif]One thing is for damned sure: no matter how it turns out, nobody but nobody gets to bellyache incessantly about S2E09 introducing non-auctorial changes[size=2] ]HAHAHA, surely you jest!  I can hear it already...Well, sure, GRRM wrote the episode but HBO made him change the way its supposed to go down!GRRM has like, totally lost any credibility with me--I'm so finished with this series!etcetcetc/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3920	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	After the torment we saw on his face to end the last episode that would be some great drama to then see him killed in this episode. It would really drive home the absolute deterioration of the North thanks to the new "Prince of Winterfell".Luwin supposedly has some final advice for Theon this episode.  That may mean he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have any finality left for bestowing the same upon Branrick and Hodosh when they emerge from the crypt to meet up with Summershag in the godswood. If not, it may force me re-examine my studied assumption that Osha giving Luwin the gift of mercy under the hearttree is really a special kind of intentional sacrifice  that will have special meaning.  Perhaps it will reinvigorate and empower the great weirwood of Winterfell; perhaps it will do something else.  But itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a blood sacrifice to the weirwood, and this has got to mean something. Remember Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s visions when that particular hearttree was young. Remember White Harbour.
3921	Crown	2012-05-20	Luwin supposedly has some final advice for Theon this episode.  That may mean he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have any finality left for bestowing the same upon Branrick and Hodosh when they emerge from the crypt to meet up with Summershag in the godswood.  If not, it may force me re-examine my studied assumption that Osha giving Luwin the gift of mercy under the hearttree is really a special kind of intentional sacrifice that will have special meaning. Perhaps it will reinvigorate and empower the great weirwood of Winterfell; perhaps it will do something else. But itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a blood sacrifice to the weirwood, and this has got to mean something. Remember Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s visions when that particular hearttree was young. Remember White Harbour.The final advice for Theon from Luwin is not in this episode, it's inValar Morghulis, the last one.
3922	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	HAHAHA, surely you jest! I can hear it already... Well, sure, GRRM wrote the episode but HBO made him change the way its supposed to go down! GRRM has like, totally lost any credibility with me--I'm so finished with this series! etc etc etc /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Perhaps, perhaps.And if that rage-quit is indeed the last anyone ever hears from them, we should consider ourselves lucky to be  at last rid of their querulous lamentations.  Of course, that will never happen because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all so much sound and fury as from a ten-year-old, signifying  nothing.  Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be unable to keep their word.God how I hate oathbreakers! <U+00F0><U+009F>»
3923	zippypoodle	2012-05-20	So we've all agreed that the show is a very faithful adapation of the novels and that there haven't been any substantive changes of any relevance? GOOD! Then we can put that argument behind us now that we all agree and move on.
3924	moonsblood	2012-05-20	So, when do we lose dear Maester Luwin? Will that be tonight?I think its gotta be ep 10, lol unless they change that too...
3925	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	The final advice for Theon from Luwin is not in this episode, it's inValar Morghulis, the last one.Ah right, thanks.  That could work then, eh?Wonder who allâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gonna kick the bucket in that episode. Lotsa folks, I imagine.
3926	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	What IS the official description for tonight's episode--I forgot.
3927	moonsblood	2012-05-20	What IS the official description for tonight's episode--I forgot.Theon holds down the fort in Winterfell; Jaqen doesn't care for Arya's method of calling in a debt; Jorah's advice for Daenarys goes unheeded; Davos is offered a reward; Tyrion and Varys find something they can agree on; Robb is betrayed.
3928	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	An interview with Esme Bianco from a couple days ago.  Not much new in it, except that 
	Spoiler  she's appearing in tonight's episode.  So, apparently it will be Ros, and not Shae, that Cercei 'punishes.'  
http://www.thedailyb...y-and-more.htmlI've been reading the comments about tonight's episode over at WiC and many people are praying by the old gods and the new that 
	Spoiler  Ros gets killed tonight. 
/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 20 May 2012 - 02:35 PM.
3929	moonsblood	2012-05-20	LOL people are soo pissed about Ros, she hasn't even been in that many scenes, there are so many other things to be pissed about. IMO
3930	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-20	An interview with Esme Bianco from a couple days ago.  Not much new in it, except that 
	Spoiler  she's appearing in tonight's episode.  So, apparently it will be Ros, and not Shae, that Cercei 'punishes.'  
http://www.thedailyb...y-and-more.htmlI've been reading the comments about tonight's episode over at WiC and many people are praying by the old gods and the new that 
	Spoiler  Ros gets killed tonight. 
 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />	Please let it be true. On a random side note, I found out today that the actress who plays Talisa is Charlie Chaplin's great grand-daughter. I expect to see her twiddling a cane and doing the Charlie Chaplin walk in this episode or I will be furious!
3931	protar	2012-05-20	Bah! You arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to be convinced if you think the books are Golden Tablets of Perfection handed down from the Lord God Almighty, and that every deviation from that Holy Scripture is a blasphemy deserving of being burnt at the stake â<U+0080><U+0094> slowly. There are too many too list. Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just one more, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be done with you: Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s letter that he burned up. It was a beautifully executed thing.  There are many, many, many more lovelinesses like that, ones anybody who doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t autohate blasphemy will quickly think of.I agree. I loved that scene as a matter of fact.
3932	protar	2012-05-20	So we've all agreed that the show is a very faithful adapation of the novels and that there haven't been any substantive changes of any relevance? GOOD! Then we can put that argument behind us now that we all agree and move on. No actually. But lets move over to the nitpicking threads shall we? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3933	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-20	LOL people are soo pissed about Ros, she hasn't even been in that many scenes, there are so many other things to be pissed about. IMOShe has more screentime than Roose Bolton. That alone is enough to put her on the shitlist, even without taking into consideration the fact that she's a worthless, irritating footnote who exists for the sole purpose of meeting HBO's T&A quota.Still. I suppose getting battered by Cersei's goons is a step up from that, even if she'll probably lose her clothes along the way...
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 20 May 2012 - 03:23 PM.
3934	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-20	I'm looking forward to the Wildlings. Also as has been mentioned I hope we see Tyrion get his due for being a good strategist. We saw him talk to the pyromancer, but the chain hasn't been mentioned. I am looking forward to seeing more of Theon's s/l at Winterfell too. I watch w/my parents and they were both surprised that the bodies were "Bran and Rickon." They had to ask me and I told them so they had the same thought I did when first reading. I can't wait to see their reaction when they find out they're alive.
3935	moonsblood	2012-05-20	She has more screentime than Roose Bolton. That alone is enough to put her on the shitlist, even without taking into consideration the fact that she's a worthless, irritating footnote who exists for the sole purpose meeting HBO's T&A quota.Still. I suppose getting battered by Cersei's goons is a step up from that, even if she'll probably lose her clothes along the way...I do agree its annoying that her character exists, and that she was promoted from random winterfell whore to whatever the fuck she is now, and this season she hasn't even taken off her clothes, so she is completely pointless.  But for me at least there are alot of other things that piss me off alot more.
3936	jlk7e	2012-05-20	Roose Bolton has had more screentime in the show so far than he would have had at this point in the story.  He's introduced in Game of Thrones, and has a couple of lines at the Twins, I think, but he's more talked about than seen.  And then in Clash of Kings, he appears only in two Arya chapters that we haven't even gotten to yet in the story - the main one we see him in occurs after the Blackwater.  I don't think it's even slightly a valid complaint to say that Roose has been shortchanged.
3937	Crown	2012-05-20	I'm looking forward to the Wildlings. Also as has been mentioned I hope we see Tyrion get his due for being a good strategist. We saw him talk to the pyromancer, but the chain hasn't been mentioned. I am looking forward to seeing more of Theon's s/l at Winterfell too. I watch w/my parents and they were both surprised that the bodies were "Bran and Rickon." They had to ask me and I told them so they had the same thought I did when first reading. I can't wait to see their reaction when they find out they're alive.The bodies didn't fool my mom. She immediately said: 'they're fake, I want to see Osha and Hodor's body first before I believe they're death!'
3938	Catastrophy	2012-05-20	I've been reading the comments about tonight's episode over at WiC and many people are praying by the old gods and the new that 
	Spoiler  Ros gets killed tonight. 
 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />If Cercei do that, she will become the most loved character on show. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3939	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-20	Guys, seriously: this talk of Dagmer being Ramsay is so stupid that the only speculation more asinine has been that he's Theon's version of Tyler Durden. I almost can't wrap my head around people truly being so moronic as to believe that this even has a possibility of being true. It's all an elaborate joke - it has to be.
3940	Crown	2012-05-20	Guys, seriously: this talk of Dagmer being Ramsay is so stupid that the only speculation more asinine has been that he's Theon's version of Tyler Durden. I almost can't wrap my head around people truly being so moronic as to believe that this even has a possibility of being true. It's all an elaborate joke - it has to be.I would love to see the look on your face when you discover that Dagmer IS Ramsay. Priceless. (I don't like the theory either)
3941	The Other Knight	2012-05-20	An interview with Esme Bianco from a couple days ago.  Not much new in it, except that 
	Spoiler  she's appearing in tonight's episode.  So, apparently it will be Ros, and not Shae, that Cercei 'punishes.'  
http://www.thedailyb...y-and-more.htmlI've been reading the comments about tonight's episode over at WiC and many people are praying by the old gods and the new that 
	Spoiler  Ros gets killed tonight. 
 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />No one immature fool likes to make a fuss over there. Most are rational people who realize the character has had about 10 mins of screen time this season and that the actress has been more the fine in her role.
3942	madman2711	2012-05-20	Sorry but i think that the nitpickers vs praisers conflict shouldnt be on this thread 
I only think that comparing Asoiaf with Harry Potter is sick
Just like comparing the rolling stones with justin beiber, i mean who reads HP and watches the movies, next thing worst might be Twilight fans bitching about differences. 
On topic i hope to see or at least hear about the chain and the mountain clans guerilling stanis' land army in the kingswood
Theon is pretty book tight and danny is still bitchy about her precious fire reptilians still away in that House otU
Who dies and who wins at this game of thrones?
Hopefully Ros dies as iirc the actress was pregnant this series so no naked time and Tyrion will be on as this is his greatest moment of his life the siege if KL when he destroys all the slums raised along the walls, the chain is completed and the pyromancers are overzeolous in their wildfire production schedgule
3943	The Other Knight	2012-05-20	She has more screentime than Roose Bolton. That alone is enough to put her on the shitlist, even without taking into consideration the fact that she's a worthless, irritating footnote who exists for the sole purpose of meeting HBO's T&A quota. Still. I suppose getting battered by Cersei's goons is a step up from that, even if she'll probably lose her clothes along the way...When is the last time Ros got naked?It truly amazes me how little some seem to realize about the characters role on the show. She has had one scene this entire series. One. The rest were in complete service to the beloved book characters.
3944	madman2711	2012-05-20	Oh poor ros she had so little time on camera
Not like other book characters who were omnipresent like say Ramsay Snow, the Reeds, lets not forget the Goat/ Vargo Hoat and the bloody mummers 
All of them took away time from Ros, D&D are such SoBs sometimes
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 20 May 2012 - 04:25 PM.
3945	Maroucia	2012-05-20	I do agree its annoying that her character exists, and that she was promoted from random winterfell whore to whatever the fuck she is now, and this season she hasn't even taken off her clothes, so she is completely pointless. But for me at least there are alot of other things that piss me off alot more.Lack. of. Hound.
3946	The Other Knight	2012-05-20	Oh poor ros she had so little time on cameraNot like other book characters who were omnipresent like say Ramsay Snow, the Reeds, lets not forget the Goat/ Vargo Hoat and the bloody mummersAll of them took away time from Ros, D&D are such SoBs sometimesI now hope they cast the Reeds and then have them sit in the background of a few scenes and never say a word. Then just have some random knight hack their heads off.
3947	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Oh poor ros she had so little time on camera Not like other book characters who were omnipresent like say Ramsay Snow, the Reeds, lets not forget the Goat/ Vargo Hoat and the bloody mummers All of them took away time from Ros, D&D are such SoBs sometimesPardon me, my good man, but I do believe youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve stumbled into the wrong thread.  The one youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re looking for is right over here.Hope this helps.  Have a nice day.
3948	Arkash	2012-05-20	Lack. of. Hound.This I agree !
3949	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Pardon me, my good man, but I do believe youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve stumbled into the wrong thread. The one youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re looking for is right over here. Hope this helps. Have a nice day.HAHAHAHAHA, that is freakin' hilarious!  and perfect, totally perfect! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
3950	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-20	Just been thinking about the scenes in the House of the Undying.
There's no way they could do the RW "foretelling" without beings obvious surely?
3951	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	On a completely different note, I am very concerned that D&D has changed something that will not make sense later on.  In the TV series they have Davos convincing Stannis to keep Mel behind, when in the book it was his Lords that did so, while Davos keeps his mouth shut.  Further, it appears that Davos will possibly lead the attack on Blackwater. 
My problem is how will Stannis trust Davos after getting him to keep Mel behind (which many will interpret as causing the defeat) and/or actually leading the battle and losing it.
Hope they find a way through that conundrum
3952	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-20	Just been thinking about the scenes in the House of the Undying. There's no way they could do the RW "foretelling" without beings obvious surely?A quick image of a body with a wolfs head sitting on a throne wouldn't reveal that much would it? Or just leave that part out
3953	House Snow	2012-05-20	On a completely different note, I am very concerned that D&D has changed something that will not make sense later on.  In the TV series they have Davos convincing Stannis to keep Mel behind, when in the book it was his Lords that did so, while Davos keeps his mouth shut.  Further, it appears that Davos will possibly lead the attack on Blackwater.My problem is how will Stannis trust Davos after getting him to keep Mel behind (which many will interpret as causing the defeat) and/or actually leading the battle and losing it.Hope they find a way through that conundrum  I'm thinking Davos will give some kind of advice/order that everyone ignores. That will make him look like he knew what he was doing,
3954	Morrigan	2012-05-20	Bah! You arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to be convinced if you think the books are Golden Tablets of Perfection handed down from the Lord God Almighty, and that every deviation from that Holy Scripture is a blasphemy deserving of being burnt at the stake â<U+0080><U+0094> slowly. Strawman alert.By the way, I agree there are some improvements, such as Baelor! and the burning letter, but they aren't "fixes" that GRRM "screwed up".I'd say the only thing that was really a big improvement was Theon's rant at Balon, "you sent me away" etc. Someone really did need to point out Balon's hypocrisy to him, heh.Plus all the wonderful golden droplets of wit and snark generously sprinkled throughout: Jaime: Ned's bastard, what's his name again? Cat: Brienne.. Jaime: No, that's not it... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />That's from the book. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
3955	moonsblood	2012-05-20	I'm feeling really pessimistic about HOTU I'm worried that it will kinda just be "strange" like the boat ride in charlie and the chocolate factory and not necessarily have any scenes from book.  Obviously all the Money is gonna be the dragons blasting the undying, will there be enough for visions?
3956	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	i bet they ignore the prophecies and go with a stupid action scene in the HotU
3957	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	I'm thinking Davos will give some kind of advice/order that everyone ignores. That will make him look like he knew what he was doing,I hope they get it right, but I have my worries
3958	J_Crews	2012-05-20	... that still doesn't make it make any sense that cersei would know about her. did jaime describe the whore who happened to be with tyrion to her in detail for no apparent reason before he (jaime) got captured by robb?Jaime and Cersei were together off-camera Lord knows how many times in the following days.  We weren't privy to those conversations, but the characters don't just cease to exist when their off-screen.  If the writers play it out this way, it'll take -- at best -- one or two sentences of dialogue from Cersei when/if she reveals that she has Ros prisoner.
3959	J_Crews	2012-05-20	ummm just ahead of Tyrion?  Tyrion went to the wall, back to winterfell, to the crossroads, captured by Cat, to the aerie, to the skycells, to the hillpeople, to Tywins camp to battle to recovery THEN onto KL.  Ros was pimped by LF.  So I dont see any connection between some random whore Tyrion hooked up with at Winterfell with a whore in LFs brothel a year or so later. You're following book timeline, not show timeline.  Also, if I'm right, it isn't like Cersei gets a Google alert on her Blackberry as soon as Ros steps off the boat in KL, but if Littlefinger wasn't lying and she does have spies... it would be more like she would get whisperings of Tyrion keeping a whore in the capital, sending her informers to dig for more info, then suddenly word arrives that the whore he met in Winterfell is now in KL.  It wouldn't be an unbelievable jump for Cersei to assume it was her.
3960	House Snow	2012-05-20	Jaime and Cersei were together off-camera Lord knows how many times in the following days. We weren't privy to those conversations, but the characters don't just cease to exist when their off-screen. If the writers play it out this way, it'll take -- at best -- one or two sentences of dialogue from Cersei when/if she reveals that she has Ros prisoner.This makes me wonder if maybe Cersei does whatever to Ros, Tyrion thinks it Shae gives the ashes speech, and then later we see him with Shae warning her that it was a close call.
3961	House Snow	2012-05-20	Quick question, did the speech that TYrion is giving in the preview happen in the book?  IT seems like such a setup for the RW, as in everyone will come back to this speech when it happens.
3962	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	In the book Tyrion had Tommen in his custody and threatened whatever Cersei did to Alayaya would be done to Tommen. Beatings, rapes - and that he would do it himself. Think it was a pretty empty threat but Daddy Lannister gives him he'll over this in the next book.
Joy to ashes I can't remember fo sure. But same basic message.
3963	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	Joy to ashes I can't remember fo sure. But same basic message.yes, he did give this speech.  cersei used it against him when joffrey died.  "HE SAID HE WOULD IT WOULD TURN TO ASH IN MY MOUTH!"  or something along that line.
3964	moonsblood	2012-05-20	"A day will come when you think yourself safe and happy, and suddenly your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth, and you'll know the debt is paid."
3965	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Quick question, did the speech that TYrion is giving in the preview happen in the book? IT seems like such a setup for the RW, as in everyone will come back to this speech when it happens.A Clash of Kings, page 568:â<U+0080><U+009C>Would you like to see her?  I thought you might.â<U+0080><U+009D> Cersei crossedthe room and threw open the heavy oaken door.  â<U+0080><U+009C>Bring in mybrotherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s whore.â<U+0080><U+009D>Ser Osmundâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brothers Osney and Osfryd were peas from the same pod,tall men with hooked noses, dark hair, and cruel smiles. She hungbetween them, eyes wide and white in her dark face. Blood trickledfrom her broken lip, and he could see bruises through her tornclothing. Her hands were bound with rope, and theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d gagged her so shecould not speak.â<U+0080><U+009C>You said she wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be hurt.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>She fought.â<U+0080><U+009D> Unlike his brothers, Osney Kettleblack was cleanshaven, sothe scratches showed plainly on his bare cheeks. â<U+0080><U+009C>Got claws like ashadowcat, this one.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Bruises heal,â<U+0080><U+009D> said Cersei in a bored tone. â<U+0080><U+009C>The whore will live. Solong as Joff does.â<U+0080><U+009D>Tyrion wanted to laugh at her. It would have been so sweet, so very verysweet, but it would have given the game away. Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve lost, Cersei, andthe Kettleblacks are even bigger fools than Bronn claimed. All he neededto do was say the words.Instead he looked at the girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s face and said, â<U+0080><U+009C>You swear youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll releaseher after the battle?â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>If you release Tommen, yes.â<U+0080><U+009D>He pushed himself to his feet. â<U+0080><U+009C>Keep her then, but keep her safe. Ifthese animals think they can use her... well, sweet sister, let me pointout that a scale tips two ways.â<U+0080><U+009D> His tone was calm, flat, uncaring; heâ<U+0080><U+0099>dreached for his fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s voice, and found it. â<U+0080><U+009C>Whatever happens to herhappens to Tommen as well, and that includes the beatings and rapes.â<U+0080><U+009D> Ifshe thinks me such a monster, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll play the part for her.Cersei had not expected that. â<U+0080><U+009C>You would not dare.â<U+0080><U+009D>Tyrion made himself smile, slow and cold. Green and black, his eyeslaughed at her. â<U+0080><U+009C>Dare? Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll do it myself.â<U+0080><U+009D>His sisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hand flashed at his face, but he caught her wrist and bentit back until she cried out. Osfryd moved to her rescue. â<U+0080><U+009C>One more stepand Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll break her arm,â<U+0080><U+009D> the dwarf warned him. The man stopped. â<U+0080><U+009C>Youremember when I said youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d never hit me again, Cersei?â<U+0080><U+009D> He shoved her tothe floor and turned back to the Kettleblacks. â<U+0080><U+009C>Untie her and removethat gag.â<U+0080><U+009D>The rope had been so tight as to cut off the blood to her hands. Shecried out in pain as the circulation returned. Tyrion massaged herfingers gently until feeling returned. â<U+0080><U+009C>Sweetling,â<U+0080><U+009D> he said, â<U+0080><U+009C>you mustbe brave. I am sorry they hurt you.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I know youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll free me, my lord.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I will,â<U+0080><U+009D> he promised, and Alayaya bent over and kissed him on thebrow. Her broken lips left a smear of blood on his forehead. A bloodykiss is more than I deserve, Tyrion thought. She would never have beenhurt but for me.Her blood still marked him as he looked down at the queen. â<U+0080><U+009C>I have neverliked you, Cersei, but you were my own sister, so I never did you harm.Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve ended that. I will hurt you for this. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how yet, butgive me time. A day will come when you think yourself safe and happy,and suddenly your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth, and youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll knowthe debt is paid.â<U+0080><U+009D>
3966	towerofjoy	2012-05-20	Yes, you are correct - can't find the original from Tyrion but my search of SOS turned up the "joy to ashes" speech in Cersei's chat with Jaime in the sept where Joff was lying in state.
3967	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	I cannot wait to see Dinklage say those lines.  It was one of the best parts of ACOK in my opinion.
3968	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Answer me these questions three ere the coming ep you see:When and how will Danny-Aerys get back at Zarro-Zhoan Ducksauce for stealing her widdle babies? When and how does she get to unload his vault of treasures?Where is Doreah, and does she have Drogon?
3969	bikie	2012-05-20	am thinking tonight is house of undying which I'm really interested in how they will portray that... they didn't get into ned's promise to his sister so I'm wondering if they are going to broach many of the book reader questions....
3970	Lord Elrosir	2012-05-20	HOTU is supposed to be in the finale.
3971	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Answer me  these questions three  ere the coming ep you see: When and how will Danny-Aerys get back at Zarro-Zhoan Ducksauce for stealing her widdle babies?  When and how does she get to unload his vault of treasures? Where is Doreah, and does she have Drogon?1.....2.....3. Yup.(clever and funny post, btw)
3972	Maester Hodor	2012-05-20	I can't wait!! only a half hour! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3973	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	A Clash of Kings, page 568: â<U+0080><U+009C>Would you like to see her? I thought you might.â<U+0080><U+009D> Cersei crossed the room and threw open the heavy oaken door. â<U+0080><U+009C>Bring in my brotherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s whore.â<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Osmundâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brothers Osney and Osfryd were peas from the same pod, tall men with hooked noses, dark hair, and cruel smiles. She hung between them, eyes wide and white in her dark face. Blood trickled from her broken lip, and he could see bruises through her torn clothing. Her hands were bound with rope, and theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d gagged her so she could not speak. â<U+0080><U+009C>You said she wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be hurt.â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>She fought.â<U+0080><U+009D> Unlike his brothers, Osney Kettleblack was cleanshaven, so the scratches showed plainly on his bare cheeks. â<U+0080><U+009C>Got claws like a shadowcat, this one.â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>Bruises heal,â<U+0080><U+009D> said Cersei in a bored tone. â<U+0080><U+009C>The whore will live. So long as Joff does.â<U+0080><U+009D> Tyrion wanted to laugh at her. It would have been so sweet, so very very sweet, but it would have given the game away. Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve lost, Cersei, and the Kettleblacks are even bigger fools than Bronn claimed. All he needed to do was say the words. Instead he looked at the girlâ<U+0080><U+0099>s face and said, â<U+0080><U+009C>You swear youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll release her after the battle?â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>If you release Tommen, yes.â<U+0080><U+009D> He pushed himself to his feet. â<U+0080><U+009C>Keep her then, but keep her safe. If these animals think they can use her... well, sweet sister, let me point out that a scale tips two ways.â<U+0080><U+009D> His tone was calm, flat, uncaring; heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d reached for his fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s voice, and found it. â<U+0080><U+009C>Whatever happens to her happens to Tommen as well, and that includes the beatings and rapes.â<U+0080><U+009D> If she thinks me such a monster, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll play the part for her. Cersei had not expected that. â<U+0080><U+009C>You would not dare.â<U+0080><U+009D> Tyrion made himself smile, slow and cold. Green and black, his eyes laughed at her. â<U+0080><U+009C>Dare? Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll do it myself.â<U+0080><U+009D> His sisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hand flashed at his face, but he caught her wrist and bent it back until she cried out. Osfryd moved to her rescue. â<U+0080><U+009C>One more step and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll break her arm,â<U+0080><U+009D> the dwarf warned him. The man stopped. â<U+0080><U+009C>You remember when I said youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d never hit me again, Cersei?â<U+0080><U+009D> He shoved her to the floor and turned back to the Kettleblacks. â<U+0080><U+009C>Untie her and remove that gag.â<U+0080><U+009D> The rope had been so tight as to cut off the blood to her hands. She cried out in pain as the circulation returned. Tyrion massaged her fingers gently until feeling returned. â<U+0080><U+009C>Sweetling,â<U+0080><U+009D> he said, â<U+0080><U+009C>you must be brave. I am sorry they hurt you.â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>I know youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll free me, my lord.â<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>I will,â<U+0080><U+009D> he promised, and Alayaya bent over and kissed him on the brow. Her broken lips left a smear of blood on his forehead. A bloody kiss is more than I deserve, Tyrion thought. She would never have been hurt but for me. Her blood still marked him as he looked down at the queen. â<U+0080><U+009C>I have never liked you, Cersei, but you were my own sister, so I never did you harm. Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve ended that. I will hurt you for this. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how yet, but give me time. A day will come when you think yourself safe and happy, and suddenly your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth, and youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll know the debt is paid.â<U+0080><U+009D>one of the best scenes in the series and should be great on screen
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 20 May 2012 - 07:30 PM.
3974	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	I can't wait!! only a half hour! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well, if that's you in your avatar, PUT THAT BOTTLE DOWN!  Else you'll be face down on the carpet by the time the fun starts in a half hour!  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
3975	J_Crews	2012-05-20	30 minutes, b!tches!!!  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3976	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	The whole setup of Chekovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Treasure Vault has got to be there for a real big reason.  If the House of the Undying is in the final episode, when will Ducksauce get his goose cooked and his vault plundered?  Seems a lot to happen in one episode at the rate things seem to go here.I guess Ducky wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be bringing Thirteenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s thirteen gift-ships to Meereen to try to bribe our dragon-queenie to get the hell out of Dodge, I mean Slaversâ<U+0080><U+0099> Bay.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 20 May 2012 - 07:37 PM.
3977	Kevin79	2012-05-20	House of the Undying is something they could easily screw up and it could be the cheesiest scene in the show thus far. I really hope they keep some of the visions, especially the one of Rhaegar talking about the dragon having three heads because that seems to be extremely important. The red wedding vision won't be too obvious I think. It was just a wolf king sitting at a throne wasn't it? I can't recall. But the visions also shouldn't be too expensive to add as someone else said since not a lot of them are CG heavy, and some of them can surely be cut. The main budget obstacle will be the dragons burning the place down, which needs to look good.
3978	Catastrophy	2012-05-20	<Looks at her watch> Only bit more then 17 hours till new episode. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
3979	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Only bit more then 17 hours till new episode. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />What??  Why??
3980	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	The main budget obstacle will be the dragons burning the place down, which needs to look good.Isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it just Drogon the Black Red whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to be there?  But if the warlocks already have the dragonlings, I suppose it could be all three of them.  I wonder whether the warlocks will have killed Doreah yet?I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see how even a trio of dragonlings no bigger than a bouncing baby bunny rabbit are going to cause the levels of destruction needed here.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 20 May 2012 - 07:42 PM.
3981	moonsblood	2012-05-20	I have a hunch the dragons will get bigger in the HOTU
3982	Catastrophy	2012-05-20	What?? Why??Europe, we get new episode on Monday evening. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
3983	WetHair	2012-05-20	I'm so jealous.............I have to wait for over two hours.  They will go slowly.  When do these shows air in Europe and other parts of the planet??
Edited to add:  I do NOT type that slowly.  The whole discussion about waiting 17 hours was not there when I hit reply.  I hate looking stupid when I wasn't BEING stupid; bad enough to look it all the times I am really guilty.
					
					
							Edited by WetHair, 20 May 2012 - 07:51 PM.
3984	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Europe, we get new episode on Monday evening. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />thats so sad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> what about torrents?
3985	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	I have a hunch the dragons will get bigger in the House of the UndyingThatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just the Shade of the Evening talking to you. ; }
3986	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just the Shade of the Evening talking to you. ; }lol you may be right, my lips do seem a bit blue today.
3987	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	The main budget obstacle will be the dragons burning the place down, which needs to look good.And will we ever see all three together, in action?  Poor Rhaegon and Visyrion, they're like the Rickon Starks of the series...vaguely glimpsed, and only after you nearly forgot all about them.  I mean, DandD, we get it!  Drogon is B-B-B-B-Bad to the Bone but his brothers (sisters?) want some screen time too, you know!  Fair's fair.
3988	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Europe, we get new episode on Monday evening. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Well, drat, Cat.  That sucks!
3989	iheartseverus	2012-05-20	Six minutes.  Signing off here, peeps.  Catch y'all over in all the complaint threads!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3990	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-20	Six minutes.  Signing off here, peeps.  Catch y'all over in all the complaint threads!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Why arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t there ever any praise threads? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3991	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Praise without repercussions!
3992	Catastrophy	2012-05-20	thats so sad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> what about torrents?Torrents would move that time for couple of hours, maybe. And since I am subscribed to HBO anyway, I can wait till 8pm and watch it on TV with subtitles (I know English enough to read books on it, but it is sometimes hard to hear what people are saying in movies/shows).
3993	moonsblood	2012-05-20	Torrents would move that time for couple of hours, maybe. And since I am subscribed to HBO anyway, I can wait till 8pm and watch it on TV with subtitles (I know English enough to read books on it, but it is sometimes hard to hear what people are saying in movies/shows).That makes sense
3994	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	Praise without repercussions!wish my marriage worked that way
3995	madman2711	2012-05-20	Why arenÂ<U+0092>t there ever any praise threads? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />So you cannot bitch there
3996	Lord Rickard Snow	2012-05-21	Wow...I guessed it Right!!!! Stannis did name Davos Hand Before The Battle (Pat My Self On The Back).....I knew They (producers) would think the audience would not understand him being named hand after he's imprisoned and the "attempt" On Melisandre's Life......
.I'm just gonna sit back and enjoy the Adaption they're making of these Incredible books... I'll Need a re-read of the whole series, and start A Dance With Dragons to get to the point where i can debate and speculate with the best on here i've read some pretty incredible points of view concerning the changes of the show to the books, and look forward to reading some more.
